                                                        UNITED STATES
                                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                               WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                                           FORM 40-F


       ☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                                                OR

       ☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13(a) OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended:     December 31, 2025                                            Commission File Number:   1-8481



                                                           BCE INC.
                                       (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                              Canada
                                 (Province or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
                                                              4813
                             (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number (if applicable))
                                                           98-0134477
                                      (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number (if applicable))
                                  1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor,
                                       Verdun, Québec, Canada H3E 3B3, (514) 786-8424
                             (Address and telephone number of Registrant’s principal executive offices)



                  CT Corporation System, 28 Liberty St., New York, New York 10005, (212) 894-8940
  (Name, address (including zip code) and telephone number (including area code) of agent for service in the United States)
                                          Copies of all correspondence should be sent to:

     Melanie Schweizer                                       Mario Schollmeyer
     Senior Vice-President, Corporate Services and Corporate Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
     Secretary                                               125 Broad Street
     BCE Inc.                                                New York, New York 10004-2498
     1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell                      Tel: (212) 558-4000
     Building A, 7th Floor
     Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3
     Canada
     Tel: (514) 786-8424
           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"):

         Title of each class                    Trading symbol                 Name of each exchange on which registered

          Common shares                              BCE                               New York Stock Exchange


                          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None
           Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act: None
                       For annual reports, indicate by check mark the information filed with this form:
                               ☒ Annual Information Form ☒ Audited Annual Financial Statements
Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the
period covered by the annual report:

     Common Shares                                                                                           932,525,817
     First Preferred Shares
         Series R                                                                                              6,913,600
         Series S                                                                                              1,875,977
         Series T                                                                                              5,041,533
         Series Y                                                                                              5,382,087
         Series Z                                                                                              2,387,648
         Series AA                                                                                            10,186,378
         Series AB                                                                                             6,062,639
         Series AC                                                                                             6,160,274
         Series AD                                                                                            10,944,329
         Series AE                                                                                             3,220,472
         Series AF                                                                                            10,507,633
         Series AG                                                                                             8,097,685
         Series AH                                                                                             4,188,913
         Series AI                                                                                             8,738,340
         Series AJ                                                                                             3,776,360
         Series AK                                                                                            19,242,741
         Series AL                                                                                             1,489,288
         Series AM                                                                                             8,861,751
         Series AN                                                                                               950,322
         Series AQ                                                                                             7,727,909
     Total First Preferred Shares                                                                            131,755,879


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports);
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
                                                         Yes: ☒ No: ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files).
                                                         Yes: ☒ No: ☐




                                                                                                                                  2
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

        Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised accounting
standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial
statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-
based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §
240.10D-1(b). ☐


                                                                                                                                      3
                                    PRIOR FILINGS MODIFIED AND SUPERSEDED
The annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc. (“BCE”) for the year ended December 31, 2025, at the time of filing with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or “Commission”), modifies and supersedes all prior documents filed
pursuant to Sections 13, 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for purposes of any offers or sales of any securities after the date of
such filing pursuant to any registration statement or prospectus filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 which incorporates
by reference such annual report on Form 40-F.

                          ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                              AND MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
A. Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
The BCE annual audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the “BCE 2025 Financial
Statements”) are contained in Exhibit 99.3 and are incorporated herein by reference.
B. Management’s Discussion and Analysis
BCE management’s discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the “BCE 2025 MD&A”) is contained in
Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

                                     DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed or submitted under Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified under those laws, and include controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s President and Chief Executive Officer
(“CEO”) and Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.
As at December 31, 2025, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the CEO and the
CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as
amended, and under National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.
The CEO and CFO have limited the scope of their design and evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures to exclude
the disclosure controls and procedures of Ziply Fiber, which we acquired on August 1, 2025, to the extent such disclosure
controls and procedures are subsumed by internal control over financial reporting. The contribution of Ziply Fiber operations
to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately 2% of consolidated
revenues and (1%) of consolidated net earnings. Additionally, at December 31, 2025, the current assets and current liabilities
of Ziply Fiber represented approximately 2% and 2% of our consolidated current assets and current liabilities, respectively,
and the non-current assets and non-current liabilities of Ziply Fiber represented approximately 12% and 1% of our
consolidated non-current assets and non-current liabilities, respectively. The design and evaluation of the disclosure controls
and procedures of Ziply Fiber will be completed for the third quarter of 2026. Further details related to the acquisition of Ziply
Fiber are disclosed in Note 4, Business acquisitions and disposition, in the BCE 2025 Financial Statements.
Based on that evaluation, which excluded the disclosure controls and procedures of Ziply Fiber as described above, the CEO
and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as at December 31, 2025.

                                INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
A. Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of BCE’s management entitled “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” is contained in
Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.




                                                                                                                                4
B. Auditors’ report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of independent registered public accounting firm concerning the effectiveness of BCE’s internal control over
financial reporting is contained in Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.
C. Changes in internal control over financial reporting
There have been no changes during the year ended December 31, 2025 in our internal control over financial reporting that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

                             STATEMENT REGARDING CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
There can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures to disclose all
material information otherwise required to be set forth in our disclosure. Furthermore, a control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to the reliability of financial
reporting and financial statement preparation. Accordingly, BCE does not expect that BCE’s internal control over financial
reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. BCE will continue to periodically review its disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting and may make modifications from time to time as considered
necessary or desirable.

                                       AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
In respect of the current members of BCE’s Audit Committee (“Audit Committee”), the board of directors of BCE determined
that the current Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. L.P. Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux are qualified as
“audit committee financial experts”, and that all members of the Audit Committee are independent under the listing standards
of the New York Stock Exchange.

                                                      CODE OF ETHICS
All employees, directors and officers must follow Bell Canada’s Code of Business Conduct (the “Code of Conduct”), which
provides guidelines for ethical behaviour. The Code of Conduct includes additional guidelines for executive officers and
management, including the CEO, CFO, Controller and Treasurer. The Code of Conduct is available in the governance section
of BCE’s website at BCE.ca and will be provided in print at no charge to any person who sends a written request by mail to
BCE Inc. addressed to the Corporate Secretary, at 1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor, Verdun,
Québec, Canada H3E 3B3.

In 2025, amendments were made to the Code of Conduct in order to:


                                                                                                                                  5
  –    Streamline the document and reference additional external policies to enhance readability;
  –    Describe Bell Canada's four strategic priorities;
  –    Refine expectations for people leaders and executives (section 1.3);
  –    Improve protocols for reporting misconduct (section 1.6);
  –    Enhance guidance on identifying, disclosing, and managing conflicts of interest (including
       relationships with co-worker), with updated procedures and forms (section 2.3 and attachments);
  –    Add reference to the Insider Trading and Reporting Policy for additional restrictions and obligations
       for insiders, and confirmed restrictions related to Employees’ Savings Plan (ESP) (section 2.7.1);
  –    Expand language regarding confidentiality, privacy, and the protection of both customer and
       employee information (sections 2.9 and 2.10);
  –    Update the section on the prohibition on the use of confidential information for sports betting (section 2.11);
  –    Update language of the Respectful Workplace section to better align to the corresponding Bellnet site
       and other HR policies (section 2.17.4); and
  –    Revise Bell Canada’s objectives regarding environmental sustainability (section 2.19).
In addition to these changes, certain other technical, administrative and non-substantive amendments were made to the Code
of Conduct.
A copy of the Code of Conduct, as amended, has been posted on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.

                                   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
A brief description of our pre-approval policies and procedures and information about fees and services billed to us by our
principal accountant, Ernst & Young LLP (PCAOB No. 1263), for the year ended December 31, 2025, and by our former
principal accountant, Deloitte LLP (PCAOB ID No. 1208), for the year ended December 31, 2024, can be found under the
sections entitled “Pre-approval policies and procedures” and “External auditors’ fees” on pages 53 and 54 of our Annual
Information Form contained in Exhibit 99.1, which sections are incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 40-F.

In 2025 and 2024, no audit-related, tax or other services were submitted to BCE’s Audit Committee for approval pursuant to
the pre-approval requirement waiver provision set out in paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X.

                  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
Please see the sections entitled “Contractual obligations” and “Indemnifications and guarantees” on page 78 of the BCE 2025
MD&A contained in Exhibit 99.2 (which sections are incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 40-F) for a
discussion of certain off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations.

                                   IDENTIFICATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
BCE has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the
Exchange Act. BCE’s Audit Committee is comprised of six independent members: Mr. L.P. Pagnutti (Chair), Ms. K. Lee, Ms.
M.F. Leroux, Ms. J. Tory, Mr. J. Wibergh and Mr. C. Wright.

                                               MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.


                                                                                                                               6
                                                    UNDERTAKING
BCE undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the Commission
staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the securities in
relation to which the obligation to file this annual report on Form 40-F arises or transactions in said securities.
                                              WEBSITE INFORMATION
Notwithstanding any reference to BCE’s website or other websites on the World Wide Web in this annual report on Form 40-F
or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, the information contained in BCE’s website or any other site on the World
Wide Web referred to in this annual report on Form 40-F or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, or referred to in
BCE’s website, is not a part of this annual report on Form 40-F and, therefore, is not filed with the Commission.

       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES FROM NYSE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RULES
A summary of significant differences between corporate governance practices followed by BCE and corporate governance
practices required to be followed by U.S. domestic companies under the New York Stock Exchange’s Listing Standards
(disclosure required by section 303A.11 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual) is available in the governance section of
BCE’s website at BCE.ca.



                                                                                                                          7
                                                         SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on
Form 40-F and has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

                                                                                            BCE Inc.

                                                                                            By:      (signed) Curtis Millen
                                                                                                     Curtis Millen
                                                                                                     Executive Vice-President
                                                                                                     and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                            Date:    March 6, 2026




                                                                                                                                   8
                                                                                                     LIST OF EXHIBITS
                                                                                                     TO FORM 40-F
BCE Inc. Policy for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation from
executive officers                                                                                       Exhibit 97
Annual Information Form of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2025                                Exhibit 99.1
Management's Discussion and Analysis of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2025                   Exhibit 99.2
Annual audited consolidated financial statements of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31,
2025                                                                                                    Exhibit 99.3
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting and the Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon                                                               Exhibit 99.4
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Ernst & Young LLP                            Exhibit 99.5
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Deloitte LLP                                 Exhibit 99.6
Bell Canada Unaudited Selected Summary Financial Information                                            Exhibit 99.7
Earnings Coverage                                                                                       Exhibit 99.8
Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                  Exhibit 99.31
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                     Exhibit 99.32
Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)                                                        Exhibit 101
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)                Exhibit 104



                                                                                                                        9
                                                                                                                Exhibit 97


                                    BCE INC. POLICY FOR THE
                 RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION
                                   FROM EXECUTIVE OFFICERS


I. BACKGROUND

       BCE Inc. (the “Company”) has adopted this policy (this “Policy”) to provide for the recovery or “clawback” of
certain incentive compensation in the event of a Restatement (as defined below). This Policy is intended to comply
with, and will be interpreted to be consistent with, the requirements of Section303A.14 of the New York Stock
Exchange (“NYSE”) Listed Company Manual (the “Listing Standard”).

II. STATEMENT OF POLICY

        The Company shall recover reasonably promptly the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based
Compensation in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material
noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under applicable securities laws, including
any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to
the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected
in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a “Restatement”).

       The Company shall recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in compliance with this Policy
except to the extent provided under the section entitled “V. Exceptions” herein.

III. SCOPE OF POLICY

       A. Covered Persons and Recovery Period. This Policy applies to all Incentive-Based Compensation received by
a person:

   •  after beginning service as an Executive Officer,
    •  who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based

        Compensation,
   •  while the Company has a class of securities listed on NYSE, and
    •  during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare

        a Restatement (the “Recovery Period”).

      Notwithstanding this look-back requirement, the Company is only required to apply this Policy to Incentive-
Based Compensation received on or after October2, 2023.

       For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed “received” in the Company’s fiscal
period during which the Financial Reporting Measure (as defined herein) specified in the Incentive-Based
Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the
end of that period.

       B. Transition Period. In addition to the Recovery Period, this Policy applies to any transition period (that
results from a change in the Company’s fiscal year) within or immediately following the Recovery Period (a “Transition
Period”), provided that a

                                                           -1-
Transition Period between the last day of the Company’s previous fiscal year end and the first day of the Company’s
new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine to 12 months will be deemed a completed fiscal year. For clarity, the
Company’s obligation to recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation under this Policy is not
dependent on if or when a Restatement is filed.

     C. Determining Recovery Period. For purposes of determining the relevant Recovery Period, the date that the
Company is required to prepare the Restatement is the earlier to occur of:

    •  the date the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”), a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers
       of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should
        have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement, and
   •  the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement.

IV. AMOUNT SUBJECT TO RECOVERY

       A. Recoverable Amount. The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to recovery under this Policy is
the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation received that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that
otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard
to any taxes paid.

        B. Covered Compensation Based on the Company’s Common Share Price or TSR. For Incentive-Based
Compensation based on the price of the Company’s common shares or total shareholder return (“TSR”), where the
amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly
from the information in a Restatement, the recoverable amount shall be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of
the Restatement on the share price or TSR upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received. In such
event, the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such
documentation to the NYSE.

V. EXCEPTIONS

       The Company shall recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in compliance with this Policy
except to the extent that the conditions set out below are met and the Management Resources and Compensation
Committee (the “Committee”) has made a determination that recovery would be impracticable:

       A. Direct Expense Exceeds Recoverable Amount. The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in
enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered; provided, however, that before concluding it would be
impracticable to recover any amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation based on the anticipated
expense of enforcement, the Company shall make a reasonable attempt to recover such erroneously awarded
Incentive-Based Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to
the NYSE.

      B. Violation of Home Country Law. Recovery would violate applicable Canadian federal or provincial law
(“Canadian law”) where that law was adopted prior to November

                                                            -2-
28, 2022; provided, however, that before concluding it would be impracticable to recover any amount of erroneously
awarded Incentive-Based Compensation based on violation of Canadian law, the Company shall obtain an opinion of
Canadian counsel, acceptable to the NYSE, that recovery would result in such a violation, and shall provide such
opinion to NYSE.

       C. Recovery from Certain Tax-Qualified Retirement Plans. Recovery would likely cause an otherwise
tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet
the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder.

VI. PROHIBITION AGAINST INDEMNIFICATION

       The Company shall not indemnify any Executive Officer or former Executive Officer against the loss of
erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation.

VII. DISCLOSURE

       The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to recoveries under this Policy in accordance with the
requirements of all applicable Canadian and U.S. Federal securities laws, including the disclosure required to be
included in applicable Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings.

VIII. DEFINITIONS

       Unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions apply for purposes of this Policy:

        “Executive Officer” means the Company’s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if
there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal
business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-
making function, or any other person who performs similar policymaking functions for the Company. Executive
officers of the Company’s subsidiaries are deemed Executive Officers of the Company if they perform such policy
making functions for the Company. Policy-making function is not intended to include policymaking functions that are
not significant. Identification of an Executive Officer for purposes of this Policy will include at a minimum executive
officers identified pursuant to 17 CFR 229.401(b).

       “Financial Reporting Measures” means any of the following: (i)measures that are determined and presented in
accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company’s financial statements, and any measures
that are derived wholly or in part from such measures, (ii)stock price and (iii)TSR. A Financial Reporting Measure
need not be presented within the Company’s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC.

       “Incentive-Based Compensation” means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in
part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure.

                                                            -3-
IX. ADMINISTRATION; AMENDMENT; TERMINATION.

       All determinations under this Policy will be made by the Committee, including determinations regarding how
any recovery under this Policy is effected. Any determinations of the Committee will be final, binding and conclusive
and need not be uniform with respect to each individual covered by this Policy.

The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time and may terminate this Policy at any time, in each case in its
sole discretion.

X. EFFECTIVENESS; OTHER RECOUPMENT RIGHTS

In addition, in the event that your conduct would constitute grounds for termination for cause, then the Board may, at
its sole and absolute discretion, in respect of compensation awarded on or after May8, 2025:

X.I cancel all or a portion of unvested cash or equity compensation awards and unvested and vested options granted to
you and outstanding as of the date the Board determines the clawback has been triggered under this section, and/or

X.II require you to reimburse the Company or Bell Canada, as applicable, for all or a portion of any cash or vested
incentive and deferred compensation received within 24 months preceding the date the Board determines the clawback
has been triggered under this section, net of tax and transaction costs, and/or

X.III require you to reimburse the Company or Bell Canada, as applicable, for all or a portion of any gain realized by
you from the exercise of options exercised within 24 months preceding the date the Board determines the clawback
has been triggered under this section, net of tax and transaction costs.

X.IV Nothing contained in this section shall oblige the Board to seek repayment should the Board determine that it
would not be in the best interests of Bell Canada or the Company, as the case may be.

       This Policy is in effect as of December1, 2023 and has been amended on May8, 2025, following the meeting of
the Board. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights
of recoupment that may be available to the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates under applicable law or
pursuant to the terms of any similar policy or similar provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement
or similar agreement.
                                                           -4-
ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 MARCH 5, 2026
                                           In this Annual Information Form, “we”, “us”, “our”, “BCE” and “the company” mean, as the
                                           context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their
                                           subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates. “Bell” means, as the context may require,
                                           either Bell Canada or, collectively, Bell Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and
                                           associates.
                                           Each section of BCE’s 2023, 2024 and 2025 management’s discussion and analysis (BCE
                                           2023 MD&A, BCE 2024 MD&A and BCE 2025 MD&A, respectively) and each section of
                                           BCE’s 2025 consolidated financial statements referred to in this Annual Information Form
                                           are incorporated by reference herein. No other document shall be considered to be
                                           incorporated by reference in this Annual Information Form. The BCE 2023 MD&A, BCE
                                           2024 MD&A, BCE 2025 MD&A and BCE 2025 consolidated financial statements have been
                                           filed with the Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at
                                           sedarplus.ca) and with the United States (U.S.) Securities and Exchange Commission
                                           (SEC) as exhibits to BCE’s annual reports on Form 40-F (available at sec.gov). They are
                                           also available on BCE’s website at bce.ca.
                                           Unless otherwise indicated herein, documents and other information contained on BCE’s
                                           website or in any other site referred to on BCE’s website or in this Annual Information Form
                                           are not part of this Annual Information Form and are not incorporated by reference herein.
                                           All dollar figures are in Canadian dollars, unless stated otherwise. The information in this
                                           Annual Information Form is as of March 5, 2026, unless stated otherwise, and except for
                                           information in documents incorporated by reference that have a different date.




Trademarks in this Annual Information Form which are owned or used under licence by BCE Inc., Bell Canada or their subsidiaries include, without limitation, BCE, BELL Design, BELL MOBILITY and BELL MEDIA. This Annual
Information Form also includes trademarks of other parties. The trademarks referred to in this Annual Information Form may be listed without the ® and ™ symbols.
© BCE Inc., 2026. All rights reserved.
Table of contents
                                                                                                                                                                     Parts of MD&A and financial statements
                                                                                                                                     Annual                      incorporated by reference (references are to
                                                                                                                                information                    pages of the BCE 2025 annual financial report,
                                                                                                                                       form                                except where otherwise indicated)
       1 Caution regarding forward-looking statements                                                                                        4                                          28; 33; 59; 65; 91-103
       2 Corporate structure                                                                                                                 7
                 2.1 Incorporation and registered office                                                                                     7
                 2.2 Subsidiaries                                                                                                            7
       3 Description of our business                                                                                                         8
                 3.1 General summary                                                                                                         8                                12-16; 42; 50; 51; 58-59; 65; 83
                 3.2 Strategic priorities                                                                                                    9                                                           29-31
                 3.3 Competitive strengths                                                                                                 10                                                                31
                 3.4 Marketing and distribution channels                                                                                   18
                 3.5 Networks                                                                                                              22
                 3.6 Employees                                                                                                             25
                 3.7 Corporate responsibility                                                                                              26                                                            20-28
                 3.8 Competitive environment                                                                                               27                                  34-35; 55-58; 60-61; 63-64; 66
                 3.9 Regulatory environment                                                                                                27                                                            84-90
               3.10 Intangible properties                                                                                                  27
       4 General development of our business – three-year history                                                                          29
                 4.1 Transactions                                                                                                          29
                 4.2 Corporate developments                                                                                                31               16-19; 29-31; 17-21(1); 32-36(1); 18-23(2); 35-38(2)
                 4.3 Regulatory environment                                                                                                31                                         84-90; 82-87(1); 83-87(2)
       5 Our capital structure                                                                                                             32
                 5.1 BCE securities                                                                                                        32                                                          166-167
                 5.2 Bell Canada debt securities                                                                                           33                                                          154-156
                 5.3 Credit ratings                                                                                                        36
                 5.4 Trading of our securities                                                                                             40
       6 Dividends and dividend payout policy                                                                                              42                                                       17-19; 111
       7 Our directors and executive officers                                                                                              45
                 7.1 Directors                                                                                                             45
                 7.2 Executive officers                                                                                                    47
                 7.3 Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership                                                                    47
       8 Legal proceedings                                                                                                                 48
       9 Interest of management and others in material transactions                                                                        50
     10 Interest of experts                                                                                                                50
     11 Transfer agent and registrar                                                                                                       50
     12 For more information                                                                                                               51
     13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information                                                                                           52
     14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter                                                                                               55




(1) References to parts of the BCE 2024 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual financial report for the year ended December 31, 2024 (BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report).

(2) References to parts of the BCE 2023 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual financial report for the year ended December 31, 2023 (BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report).
1         Caution regarding
          forward-looking statements
Certain statements made in this Annual Information Form are forward-looking statements. These statements include, without limitation,
statements relating to Bell Canada’s growth prospects and strategic positioning, the potential total number of combined Ziply Fiber-Network
FiberCo fibre locations to be reached over the long term, the proposed disposition of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel), the expected timing and
completion thereof, our objective to create long-term value for our shareholders with strong free cash flow generation and a sustainable
dividend, BCE’s common share dividend and dividend payout policy target, BCE’s expected dividend payout ratio level in the medium term,
BCE’s planned capital expenditures, BCE’s network deployment plans, our transformation initiatives, the successful development and
implementation of artificial intelligence (AI) solutions, either by us or pursuant to certain partnerships entered into by BCE, the intended use of
the net proceeds of Bell Canada’s offering of debt securities (including Bell Canada’s February 12, 2026 offering of junior subordinated debt
securities), BCE’s business, outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities, and other statements that do not refer to historical facts. A
statement we make is forward-looking when it uses what we know and expect today to make a statement about the future. Forward-looking
statements are typically identified by the words assumption, goal, guidance, objective, outlook, project, strategy, target, commitment and other
similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, seek, should,
strive, will and would. All such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian securities
laws and of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form describe our expectations as at March 5, 2026,
and, accordingly, are subject to change after that date. Except as may be required by applicable securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and
specific, which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could differ materially from our expectations expressed in or implied by, such
forward-looking statements and that our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities may not be achieved. These statements are not
guarantees of future performance or events, and we caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are presented in this Annual Information Form for the purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives, strategic priorities and
business outlook, as well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned, however, that such information may not be appropriate for
other purposes.
Subject to various factors, we believe that the assumptions on which the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Information Form are based
were reasonable as at March 5, 2026. Refer in particular to the sub-sections of the BCE 2025 MD&A entitled Assumptions on pages to 28, 33, 59 and 65
of BCE’s annual financial report for the year ended December 31, 2025 (BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report), for a discussion of certain key economic,
market, operational and other assumptions we have made in preparing forward-looking statements. If our assumptions turn out to be inaccurate, actual
results or events could be materially different from what we expect.
Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously mentioned
forward-looking statements and other forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Information Form include, but are not limited to: the negative
effect of adverse economic conditions, including the continuation or escalation of trade wars, recessions, U.S. tariffs and the unpredictability of future
trade arrangements, inflation, the value of the Canadian dollar, reductions in immigration levels, high housing support costs relative to income and
financial and capital market volatility, and the resulting negative impact on customer spending, the resulting demand for our products and services, our
customers’ financial condition and the cost and amount of funding available in the capital markets; the negative effect of adverse conditions associated
with geopolitical events, including financial and capital market volatility, broader geopolitical instability and armed conflicts, higher energy prices,
inflationary pressures limiting consumer and business spending and increasing our operating costs, disruptions in our supply chains, and increased
information security threats; the intensity of competitive activity in Canada and the U.S. and the failure to effectively respond to evolving competitive
dynamics; the level of technological advancements and the presence of alternative service providers contributing to disruptions and disintermediation in
each of our business segments; changing customer
4      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
behaviour and the expansion of cloud-based, over-the-top (OTT) and other alternative solutions; advertising market pressures from economic conditions,
fragmentation and non-traditional/global digital services; rising content costs and challenges in our ability to acquire or develop key content; high
Canadian Internet and smartphone penetration; regulatory initiatives, proceedings and decisions, government consultations and government positions
that negatively affect us and influence our business in Canada including, without limitation, concerning mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions,
the imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy
and cybersecurity obligations, online streaming and digital services regulations, control of copyright piracy, and regulatory frameworks governing AI; the
inability to implement enhanced compliance frameworks and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations, including the failure to monitor and comply
with the U.S. legal and regulatory requirements to which Ziply Fiber is subject, which may reduce the amount of subsidies or revenues it receives,
increase its compliance burdens or constrain its ability to compete; unfavourable resolution of legal proceedings; the inability to protect our assets and
data from events such as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire, natural disasters, extreme weather events linked to climate
change, power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism, geopolitical conflict, sabotage, vandalism, actions of neighbours, and other events; the
failure to implement effective security, data and responsible AI governance frameworks; the inability to drive a positive customer experience; the failure to
evolve and transform our networks, systems and operations using next-generation technologies while lowering our cost structure, including the failure to
meet customer expectations of product and service experience; the use of AI technologies in our business solutions and operations, and by our
customers, business partners, and third-party vendors; the risk that we may need to incur significant capital expenditures to provide additional capacity
and reduce network congestion; service interruptions or outages due to network failures or slowdowns; the complexity of our operations and information
technology (IT) systems and the failure to implement, maintain or manage highly effective processes and IT systems; events affecting the functionality of,
and our ability to protect, test, maintain, replace and upgrade our networks, IT systems, equipment and other facilities; the failure by other
telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services to complete planned and sufficient testing, maintenance, replacement or upgrade of
their networks, equipment and other facilities, which could disrupt our operations including through network or other infrastructure failures; in-orbit and
other operational risks to which the satellites used to provide our satellite television (TV) services are subject; the failure to successfully expand Ziply
Fiber’s fibre network; the inability of Ziply Fiber’s current and future initiatives or programs to generate the level of returns, or to occur on the timeline, we
anticipate; there can be no assurance that the potential benefits expected to result from the formation of Network FiberCo will be realized; the failure to
successfully integrate Ziply Fiber as a subsidiary of BCE, and to generate the anticipated benefits from the acquisition of Ziply Fiber; the inability to
access adequate sources of capital and generate sufficient cash flows from operating activities to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures
and provide for planned growth; uncertainty as to whether our dividend payout policy will be maintained or achieved, or that the dividend on common
shares will be maintained or dividends on any of BCE’s outstanding shares will be declared by BCE’s board of directors (BCE Board); the failure to reduce
costs and adequately assess investment priorities, as well as unexpected increases in costs; the inability to manage various credit, liquidity and market
risks; the failure to accurately anticipate fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Canadian dollar and U.S. dollar and our inability to successfully
implement currency hedging strategies; the failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and control fraudulent activities; new or higher taxes due to
new tax laws, treaties, regulations or rules thereunder in Canada, the U.S., or other relevant jurisdictions, or changes thereto, or changes in their
interpretation or enforcement by tax authorities, and the inability to predict the outcome of government audits; the impact on our financial statements and
estimates from a number of factors; pension obligation volatility and increased contributions to post-employment benefit plans; the expected timing and
completion of the proposed disposition of Northwestel are subject to closing conditions, termination rights and other risks and uncertainties, including,
without limitation, the purchaser securing financing, which may affect its completion, terms or timing and, as such, there can be no assurance that the
proposed disposition will occur, or that it will occur on the terms and conditions, or at the time, currently contemplated, or that the potential benefits
expected to result from the proposed disposition will be realized; the failure to attract, develop and retain a talented team capable of furthering our
business strategy and operational transformation; the potential deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting from staff reductions, cost
reductions or reorganizations, and the de-prioritization of transformation initiatives due to staff reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations; the failure to
adequately manage health and safety concerns; labour disruptions and shortages; reputational risks and the inability to meaningfully integrate
sustainability considerations into our business strategy, operations and governance; the adverse impact of various internal and external factors on our
ability to achieve our sustainability targets including, without limitation, those related to GHG reduction and supplier engagement; the failure to take
appropriate actions to adapt to current and emerging environmental impacts, including climate change; the failure to develop and implement sufficient
corporate governance practices; the inability to adequately manage social issues; health risks, including pandemics, epidemics and other health
concerns, such as radio frequency emissions from wireless
                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM     5
communications devices and equipment; our dependence on third-party suppliers, outsourcers and consultants to provide an uninterrupted supply of the
products and services we need and comply with various obligations; the failure of our vendor selection, governance and oversight processes, including
our management of supplier risk in the areas of security, data and AI governance, privacy and responsible procurement; the quality of our products and
services and the extent to which they may be subject to defects or fail to comply with applicable government regulations and standards.
These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-
looking statements are discussed in this Annual Information Form and the BCE 2025 MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business risks of the BCE
2025 MD&A, on pages 91 to 103, of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.
Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Information Form for periods beyond 2026 involve longer-term assumptions and estimates than
forward-looking statements for 2026 and are consequently subject to greater uncertainty. Forward-looking statements for periods beyond 2026 further
assume, unless otherwise indicated, that the risks described above and in section 9, Business risks, of the BCE 2025 MD&A will remain substantially
unchanged during such periods.
We caution readers that the risks described above are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us
or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
reputation. We regularly consider potential acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, business combinations, investments, monetizations, joint arrangements
and other transactions, some of which may be significant. Except as otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential
impact of any such transactions or of special items that may be announced or that may occur after March 5, 2026. The financial impact of these
transactions and special items can be complex and depends on facts particular to each of them. We therefore cannot describe the expected impact in a
meaningful way or in the same way we present known risks affecting our business.
6      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
2               Corporate structure
2.1 Incorporation and registered office
BCE Inc. was incorporated in 1970 and was continued under the Canada Business Corporations Act in 1979. It is governed by a certificate and articles of
amalgamation dated August 1, 2004, as amended by: (a) a certificate and articles of arrangement dated July 10, 2006 to implement a plan of
arrangement providing for the distribution by BCE Inc. to its shareholders of units in the Bell Aliant Regional Communications Income Fund and to
consolidate outstanding BCE Inc. common shares; (b) a certificate and articles of amendment dated January 25, 2007 to implement a plan of
arrangement providing for the exchange of Bell Canada preferred shares for BCE Inc. preferred shares; (c) a certificate and articles of amendment dated
June 29, 2011 to create two additional series of BCE Inc. Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares (first preferred shares); and (d) certificates and
articles of amendment dated September 22, 2014 and November 11, 2014 to create six additional series of BCE Inc. first preferred shares. BCE Inc.’s
head and registered offices are located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3.


2.2 Subsidiaries
The table below shows BCE Inc.’s main subsidiaries at December 31, 2025, their jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and the percentage of voting
securities that BCE Inc. directly or indirectly held in such subsidiaries on that date. BCE Inc. has other subsidiaries that have not been included in the
table since each represented 10% or less of our total consolidated assets and 10% or less of our total consolidated operating revenues at December 31,
2025. These other subsidiaries together represented 20% or less of our total consolidated assets and 20% or less of our total consolidated operating
revenues at December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                                           Percentage of voting securities held
Subsidiary                                                                                                                 by BCE Inc. at December 31, 2025(1)                      Jurisdiction of incorporation or formation
Bell Canada                                                                                                                                                           100 %                                                         Canada
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                                                                                    100 %                                                         Canada
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                                                                                       100 %                                                         Canada
Northwest Fiber Ultimate Holdings, LLC                                                                                                                                100 %                                                       Delaware
(1) At December 31, 2025, BCE Inc. directly held 94.1% of the voting securities of Bell Canada and indirectly held the remaining 5.9% through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell MTS Inc. (Bell MTS). BCE Inc. indirectly held all the
  voting securities of: (i) Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) through Bell Canada, which in turn indirectly held all the voting securities of Bell Mobility through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell Mobility Holdings Inc.; (ii) Bell Media Inc.
  (Bell Media) through Bell Canada; and (iii) Northwest Fiber Ultimate Holdings, LLC through Bell Canada, which in turn indirectly held all of the voting securities of Northwest Fiber Ultimate Holdings, LLC through its wholly-owned
  subsidiary, BCE Holding Corporation.

                                                                                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                          7
3              Description of our business
This section contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements relating to our anticipated capital expenditures and
network deployment plans, our fibre expansion in the U.S., our transformation initiatives and the benefits expected to result therefrom, the
successful development and implementation of AI solutions, either by us or pursuant to certain partnerships entered into by BCE, our
proposed acquisitions and dispositions, and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to section 1, Caution
regarding forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form.


3.1 General summary
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company,(1) leading the way in advanced fibre and wireless networks, enterprise services and digital media.
BCE delivers next-generation technology that leverages cloud-based and AI-driven solutions. BCE provides residential, business and wholesale
customers with a wide range of solutions for all their communications needs.
On August 1, 2025, BCE acquired Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. providing wireline, Internet and TV
services to residential, business and wholesale customers in this region. The results from the acquired Ziply Fiber operations are included in a new
segment, Bell Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS) U.S., from the date of acquisition.
Our results are subsequently reported in three segments: Bell CTS Canada, Bell CTS U.S. and Bell Media. Our segments reflect how we manage our
business and how we classify our operations for planning and measuring performance.
Bell CTS Canada provides a wide range of communication products and services to consumer, business and government customers across Canada.
Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans, streaming services, and devices and are available nationally. Wireline products and
services comprise data (including Internet access, Internet protocol television (IPTV), cloud-based services, AI-driven solutions and business solutions),
voice, streaming services, and other communication services and products, which are available to our residential, small and medium-sized business and
large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business
customers are available nationally across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long
distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers, as well as, in 2024, the results of operations of our national consumer electronics
retailer, The Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. (The Source). In 2024, Bell wound down The Source head office and back office operations, as well as closed
107 The Source stores.
Bell CTS U.S., comprised of Ziply Fiber, provides wireline communication products and services over a combined fibre-based and copper-based network,
to residential, business and wholesale customers in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. Wireline products and services consist of data (including broadband
Internet with varying speeds and value-added features, commercial ethernet, dedicated Internet-non-switched access and other data transport networking
options) and voice (traditional and voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) voice services, including local, long distance, and unified communications as a
service (UCaaS) and Video (IPTV)).
Bell Media holds a portfolio of assets providing premium video, audio, OOH advertising, and digital media services to customers nationally across
Canada.
Additional information regarding our business operations and the products and services we provide can be found in section 1.2, About BCE, of the BCE
2025 MD&A, on pages 12 to 16 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report. Additional information regarding the business outlook of our Bell CTS Canada,
Bell CTS U.S. and Bell Media segments can be found in the sections entitled Business outlook and assumptions, of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on pages 58 to
59 , and 65 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.
In addition to our operating segments, we also hold investments in a number of other assets, including:
    •   a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel); and
    •   a 20.2% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens Hockey Club, evenko and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as
        well as Place Bell in Laval, Québec.
A discussion of the key transactions completed by BCE since 2023 can be found in section 4.1, Transactions, of this Annual Information Form.
(1) Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.


8          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we generated consolidated operating revenues of $24,468 million and $24,409 million, respectively,
and consolidated net earnings of $6,514 million and $375 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2025, Bell CTS Canada’s operating
revenues totaled $21,289 million ($21,261 million external revenues), Bell CTS U.S.’s operating revenues totaled $392 million ($392 million external
revenues) and Bell Media’s operating revenues totaled $3,154 million ($2,815 million external revenues). For the year ended December 31, 2024, Bell
CTS Canada’s operating revenues totaled $21,619 million ($21,592 million external revenues) and Bell Media’s operating revenues totaled $3,151 million
($2,817 million external revenues). A table showing the operating revenues that each segment contributed to total operating revenues for the years ended
December 31, 2025 and 2024 can be found in section 4.3, Operating revenues, of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on page 42 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial
Report. A table showing the operating revenues of our Bell CTS Canada and Bell CTS U.S. segments by category of products and services can be found
in section 5.1, Bell CTS, of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on pages 50 and 51 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.
Some of our segments’ revenues vary slightly by season. For more information, refer to section 7.2, Quarterly financial information – Seasonality
considerations, of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on page 83 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.


3.2 Strategic priorities
BCE’s purpose is to advance how people connect with each other and the world. Our brand platform, Connection is everything, underscores our
fundamental role in facilitating connections — enabling individuals and businesses to forge meaningful relationships, opportunities and experiences with
each other, their communities and the wider world.
As Canada’s largest communications company,(1) we strive to create exceptional experiences and positive, lasting impacts for the customers, businesses
and communities we serve. Reliable, high-performance connectivity and digital solutions are foundational to modern life, supporting economic growth,
social inclusion and innovation across the country. By continuing to invest in world-class fibre and wireless networks and by deploying cloud-based,
AI-enabled technologies, we aim to help individuals, businesses and public institutions thrive in an increasingly digital and data-driven world.
Our primary business objectives are to grow our subscriber base profitably and to maximize revenues, operating profit, free cash flow and return on
invested capital. We pursue these objectives by strengthening our position as the leading provider in Canada of comprehensive communications services
to residential, business and wholesale customers; as a leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. through Ziply Fiber; and as
Canada’s leading media and entertainment company. Across our operations, we seek to leverage our scale, networks, infrastructure, distribution
channels, brand and marketing capabilities to create value for customers, shareholders and other stakeholders.
Our strategy is guided by four interconnected priorities that bring our purpose to life while strengthening customer experience, improving operational
efficiency and supporting long-term value creation. These priorities are underpinned by our unique and differentiated assets across fibre, wireless,
enterprise and media, and are focused on driving sustainable growth through network leadership, digital transformation and customer-focused innovation.
Execution of our strategy is supported by a disciplined capital allocation approach tailored to a reshaped operating environment, reinforcing our objective
to driving total shareholder return.

Bell’s four strategic
priorities




Additional information regarding our strategic priorities can be found in section 2, Strategic priorities, of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on pages 29 to 31 of the
BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.
(1) Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.


                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   9
3.3 Competitive strengths
Canada’s largest communications company
We are Canada’s largest communications company,(1) providing residential, business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their
communications needs, as described below:
  •      We are the largest local exchange carrier in Canada. BCE operates an extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
         Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories.(2) We provide an expansive suite of wireless communications, wireline voice and data,
         including Internet access and TV, product and service offerings to residential, business and wholesale customers. We also own Bell Media, Canada’s
         leading media and entertainment company with a portfolio of assets in premium video, audio, OOH advertising and digital media, monetized through
         traditional and digital platforms.
  •      We also offer competitive local exchange carrier services in Alberta and British Columbia.
  •      At December 31, 2025, BCE was one of the largest wireless operators in Canada based on number of subscribers, providing 10,451,584 mobile
         phone subscribers with nationwide mobile voice and data services. We also had 3,359,565 mobile connected device subscribers at December 31,
         2025.
  •      BCE is one of the largest Internet service providers (ISP) in Canada based on number of subscribers, providing 4,890,602 (CTS Canada: 4,455,460,
         CTS U.S.: 435,142) retail customers at December 31, 2025 with high-speed Internet access through fibre-optic, wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) and
         digital subscriber line (DSL) technology.
  •      BCE is one of the largest TV providers in Canada based on number of subscribers, nationally broadcasting a wide range of domestic and
         international programming to 2,085,630 (CTS Canada: 2,079,791, CTS U.S.: 5,839) IPTV retail subscribers at December 31, 2025 through its IPTV
         services, namely Fibe TV, the Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV, as well as its satellite TV service.
  •      BCE operated 1,722,178 (CTS Canada: 1,646,307, CTS U.S.: 75,871) retail residential network access service voice lines at December 31, 2025.
  •      Our business markets team maintains a leadership position, having established relationships with a majority of Canada’s largest 100 corporations.
Our large customer base, our wireline and wireless network reach and our ability to sell through a variety of distribution channels, as discussed in more
detail in section 3.4, Marketing and distribution channels, in this Annual Information Form, give us scale that supports the execution of our four
strategic priorities. With a wireless network service footprint that encompasses more than 99% of Canada’s population, a coast-to-coast national fibre
transport network and a local exchange carrier footprint from Manitoba to the Atlantic provinces, BCE is well positioned to take advantage of integrated
wireless and wireline solutions in the future.

Technologically advanced wireless networks and services
Through our Bell CTS Canada segment, we provide wireless services over technologically advanced wireless networks that are available to virtually all
Canadians. We offer a broad range of wireless voice and data communication products and services to residential and business customers through our
Bell brand, as well as our Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile brands, which enhance our competitive market position by allowing us to compete more effectively
with the Canadian industry’s other discount brands, as well as regional facilities-based wireless service providers.
We are focused on maintaining our market share of national operators’ postpaid mobile phone net customer activations, growing our prepaid mobile
phone subscriber base, improving sales execution and customer retention, and introducing new devices and data services. We also believe our priorities
for improved customer experience at all touch points, enhanced network quality and performance driven by effective spectrum deployment and carrier
aggregation that support bandwidth and speeds, as well as a broad device offering, should continue to improve our ability to attract and retain wireless
customers. With our fifth-generation (5G) and 5G+ wireless networks, fourth-generation (4G) long-term evolution (LTE) wireless network, LTE Advanced
(LTE-A) network and our high-speed packet access plus (HSPA+) network, we are able to offer one of the broadest ranges of choice in wireless
smartphones in Canada, along with extensive North American and international coverage. Bell also offers a LTE, Category M1 (LTE-
(1) Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.
(2) In June 2024, Bell Canada entered into an agreement for the disposition of Northwestel to Sixty North Unity, a consortium of Indigenous communities from the Yukon, the Northwest Territories and Nunavut, for up to $1 billion,
     subject to adjustments. We previously expected this transaction to close in 2025 and we continue to work with Sixty North Unity to close the transaction in 2026. The transaction remains subject to certain closing conditions,
     including securing financing by Sixty North Unity and, as such, there can be no assurance that the transaction will ultimately be consummated. The results of Northwestel are included in our Bell CTS Canada segment.

10           BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
M) network, which is a subset of our LTE network supporting low-power Internet of Things (IoT) applications with enhanced coverage, longer device
battery life and enabling lower costs for IoT devices connecting to Bell’s national network.
Through our 5G and 5G+ wireless service, Bell offers enhanced mobile data speeds and the latest 5G and 5G+-capable smartphones. Bell is working
with multiple equipment suppliers for its 5G rollout, including Nokia Corporation (Nokia) and Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (Ericsson).
Bell’s 5G network covered 89% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2025, a significant increase from the 26% of Canada’s population covered at the
end of 2020. In 2022, Bell launched its 5G+ network, a faster and more responsive service allowing for a superior mobile experience, and which covered
65% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2025. Refer to section 3.5, Networks – Wireless, in this Annual Information Form for more details
concerning our wireless networks.
Bell 5G was recognized as Canada’s Fastest and Best 5G wireless network by Ookla in its Q3-Q4 2025 Speedtest Awards report.(3)


Advancing 5G and IoT solutions
Bell is working with a range of global and domestic 5G partners, including Ericsson and Nokia, to accelerate Canada’s 5G innovation ecosystem. This
includes continued investment in research and development (R&D) at Canadian institutions, such as a partnership between Western University and Bell
creating an advanced centre for research into 5G applications across health (including mental health), transportation, education and other sectors. On the
international stage, Bell is involved in the setting of global 5G standards with our participation in the Next Generation Mobile Networks consortium and 3rd
Generation Partnership Project.
The high capacity and near instant connections offered by 5G support new consumer and business applications, including augmented and virtual reality
(AR/VR), AI and machine learning, immersive entertainment services, connected vehicles, smart cities and enhanced rural access, and IoT opportunities
for business and government enterprises.
On September 25, 2023, we announced that Bell, Verizon, Vodafone and independent software vendor Matsuko successfully conducted the first live
transatlantic collaborative meeting connecting multiple holographic people in Canada, the U.S. and the United Kingdom using 5G and multi-access edge
computing (MEC) technology and Matsuko’s real-time software. The call was enabled by the speed of 5G combined with the quick response times of
MEC. Through its active participation in the 5G Future Forum industry body, Bell supports the developer community to access 5G MEC technologies and
for their solutions to take advantage of Bell’s 5G network in Canada, and to interoperate globally.
On February 25, 2025, Bell Canada and Nokia announced a significant expansion of their 5G network infrastructure partnership, marking a major step
forward in deploying cloud radio access network (RAN) and paving the way for future open RAN advancements. This multi-year contract extension will
see Bell deploy Nokia’s commercial cloud RAN solution, built on a foundation of Red Hat OpenShift and supported by Dell Technologies infrastructure.
Nokia will supply equipment from its industry-leading, energy-efficient 5G AirScale portfolio to support Bell’s cloud RAN deployments, ensuring feature
and performance consistency throughout the network evolution. This collaboration leverages the power of cloud RAN to deliver immediate benefits to
Bell’s network. The cloud-native architecture, powered by Red Hat OpenShift, provides enhanced scalability and agility, helping enable Bell to rapidly
adapt its network to meet fluctuating customer demands and swiftly introduce new services. This agility is further enhanced by the deployment of Dell
PowerEdge servers at cell sites and data centres, providing the processing power and reliability needed for demanding 5G workloads.
On October 2, 2025, Bell, together with AST SpaceMobile, announced a milestone in its mission to connect all Canadians: the successful completion of a
space-based direct-to-cell 4G voice over LTE (VoLTE) call, video call, broadband data connectivity and video streaming using the Bell Fibe TV app to a
standard, unmodified smartphone over a Canadian wireless network. The demonstration, conducted in New Brunswick over the summer, also included
successful SMS messaging and emergency alerts using Bell’s powerful and reliable low-band spectrum. This achievement lays the groundwork for Bell’s
planned deployment of low Earth orbit direct-to-cell service in 2026.
Bell also provides a number of solutions in the IoT sector, which enable the interconnection of a range of devices and applications that send and receive
data. Bell further offers global connectivity solutions for our IoT platforms and applications, which offer customers worldwide network access and the
ability to manage all of their international devices remotely from a single web platform. Bell’s lineup of innovative IoT applications includes connected
telematics services, including security, safety, diagnostics and infotainment for vehicles; fuel tank monitoring and water management solutions; fleet
management solutions connecting commercial vehicles to the Internet to provide web-based analytics to manage the fleet; connected laptop solutions,
enabling LTE


(3) As awarded by Ookla®, a global leader in fixed and mobile network testing and analysis, in their Speedtest AwardsTM. Based on Ookla® Speedtest Intelligence® data, 2H 2025. All rights reserved.


                                                                                                                                                                         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   11
connectivity directly from select LTE-enabled laptops; managed IoT security services that offer businesses, smart cities and other organizations
employing IoT solutions a fully managed solution to detect and protect themselves from evolving cyber threats.


Next-generation high-speed Internet and TV services
Our strategic priority to deliver the best fibre and wireless networks has included the expansion of our fibre network to more homes and business
locations. At December 31, 2025, our fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) footprint covered approximately 8 million homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec,
the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba. Our fibre network enables the delivery of Bell’s next-generation fibre-optic high-speed Internet service marketed as
Fibe Internet, offering symmetrical download and upload speeds of up to 8 gigabits per second (Gbps) with FTTP through our Gigabit Fibe 8.0 service, as
well as download speeds of up to 100 megabits per second (Mbps) with fibre-to-the-node (FTTN). Refer to section 3.5, Networks – Wireline – High-
speed fibre deployment, in this Annual Information Form for more details concerning the deployment of our fibre-optic high-speed Internet services.
For the sixth consecutive time, the Ookla Q3-Q4 2025 Speedtest Awards have named Bell Pure Fibre Canada’s fastest Internet.(4)
On July 24, 2024, Bell announced the launch of its new Bell Business Wi-Fi App, designed to empower small businesses in Ontario and Québec with an
enhanced Wi-Fi experience that combines improved security, customizable guest Wi-Fi, employee and customer data insights, and simplified network
management. The Bell Business Wi-Fi App is available for small business owners in Ontario and Québec with Bell Pure Fibre Internet.
Bell also offers Wireless Home Internet (WHI), a fixed wireless broadband solution designed to serve customers in rural and underserved areas where
fibre-based services are not available. WHI is delivered using Bell’s wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) technology over its LTE network and provides
broadband download speeds of up to 50 Mbps. Bell’s WTTP footprint covers approximately 1 million locations, primarily in rural communities, supporting
residential Internet access in areas where FTTP deployment is not economically feasible.
Our fibre network also enables the delivery of Bell’s IPTV services, marketed as Fibe TV.
Bell’s hardware-free, app-based Fibe TV service provides access to a broad selection of live and on-demand content, including content available in 4K
resolution ultra-high-definition on compatible devices, without the need for traditional set-top boxes (STBs). Key features include cloud personal video
recorder (PVR), restart and transactional video-on-demand (TVOD) functionality. The Fibe TV app is available on compatible Smart TVs and streaming
devices, including Samsung, LG and Roku Smart TVs, as well as Amazon Fire TV, Google Chromecast, Roku Streaming Stick and Apple TV.
In November 2024, Bell Canada expanded its TV offering with 11 new free, ad-supported TV (FAST) channels, available nationwide on the Bell TV and
Virgin Plus TV apps. These channels are available with all TV packages and are seamlessly integrated into the customer’s TV guide, appearing alongside
their favourite live channels.
On August 12, 2025, Bell announced the deployment of a new subsea fibre optic cable system connecting Fogo Island and Change Islands to mainland
Newfoundland. Funded in partnership with the Government of Canada under the Universal Broadband Fund, the project brings future-ready,
Fibre-to-the-Home technology to Change Islands and Fogo Island.
On August 18, 2025, Bell announced the launch of Bell Streaming, a new way to bundle and save on top streaming services—starting with exclusive trio
bundles featuring Crave, Netflix, and Disney+.
On September 4, 2025, Bell announced the launch of its new Giga Hub 2.0 modem, bringing Wi-Fi 7 – the world’s best and latest Wi-Fi technology – to
Canadian homes for the first time on its Pure Fibre network. Customers in major areas of Ontario, as well as Québec City and surrounding areas can now
experience next-generation Wi-Fi performance built for today’s connected lifestyles.
On September 23, 2025, Bell and the Government of New Brunswick announced a joint initiative to expand wireless infrastructure across the province
with plans to build 10 new wireless sites. These new sites will provide more New Brunswickers with access to Bell’s powerful 5G and 5G+ networks.
Our strong position in broadband Internet and TV and our broad suite of product offerings serve as a foundation for the other products and services we
offer. This provides us with a significant number of established customer connections to drive uptake of new products and services, either through
bundled offerings or on a standalone basis, and allows us to improve customer retention. In addition, our team continues to deliver network-centric
business service solutions to large business and public sector clients, including cloud, security and workflow automation solutions, which are key to
business communications today and increase the value of connectivity services.


(4) As awarded by Ookla®, a global leader in fixed and mobile network testing and analysis, in their Speedtest AwardsTM. Based on Ookla® Speedtest Intelligence® data, 2H 2025. All rights reserved.


12         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Expansion in the United States
On August 1, 2025, BCE announced the successful completion of its acquisition of Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest
of the United States for cash consideration of $3.64 billion in U.S. dollars ($5.01 billion in Canadian dollars), and the assumption of outstanding net debt
of approximately $2.6 billion in Canadian dollars at closing. To accelerate expansion into the U.S. market, BCE and Public Sector Pension Investment
Board (PSP Investments) announced on May 8, 2025 the formation of Network FiberCo, a long-term strategic partnership to accelerate the development
of fibre infrastructure through Ziply Fiber, in underserved markets in the United States. Combined with the completion of the Ziply Fiber acquisition, this
long-term strategic partnership will enable Bell to potentially reach up to 8 million fibre locations in the U.S., expanding Ziply Fiber’s footprint outside of the
U.S. Pacific Northwest, and reinforcing its position as the third-largest fibre Internet provider in North America.
Ziply Fiber provides wireline communication products and services over fibre-based and copper-based networks, to residential, business and wholesale
customers in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. Wireline products and services consist of data (including broadband Internet with varying speeds and
value-added features, commercial Ethernet, dedicated Internet-non-switched access and other data transport networking options) and voice (traditional
and VoIP voice services, including local, long-distance, and UCaaS and Video (IPTV).
Ziply Fiber’s mission is to elevate the connected lives of people all across the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. Ziply Fiber delivers fast, reliable fibre Internet
and voice connectivity to both residential and commercial customers and has extended its fibre network to more than 150 new markets across
Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Montana since 2020, including new build expansion in dozens of cities and towns adjacent to original Ziply Fiber
markets.
Ziply Fiber differentiates in the market by combining exceptional reliability and speed with simple, high-value product offerings that require no
cumbersome contracts, bundling or price complexities. Pricing may vary from market to market to ensure highly competitive pricing based on competitive
offers. In addition, Ziply Fiber is focused on delivering great customer experiences and service. Building on Ziply Fiber’s culture of industry leadership and
innovation, it was one of the first ISPs in the U.S. to deliver 5 Gig residential service at scale in 2022, then quickly became the fastest residential ISP in
the Northwest with the introduction of symmetrical 10 Gig fibre service in April 2023, followed just seven months later by the introduction of America’s
Fastest Home Internet (50 Gig) across its entire fibre footprint. For business customers, Ziply Fiber delivers enterprise-grade connectivity solutions across
fibre Internet, wavelength, private line, Ethernet, IP Transit, voice and data centre services.


Innovation in communications technology
Technological advancement plays a significant role in the success of our business. We invest in Canadian innovation and have spent $651 million in R&D
capital expenditures in 2025. Our investments in R&D enable us to continue providing our customers with innovative products and services and to adopt
new technologies that better support our own operations and our strategic priority to put the customer first. Our deployment of new and innovative
networks and services is a direct result of our investment in R&D.
Bell has invested in developing data analytics capabilities and AI applications in multiple areas of its operations. Providing advanced technological
solutions allows us to better differentiate our product and service offerings and to seek to provide greater value to our customers. As part of Bell’s
objective to remain at the forefront of technology and innovation in communications services and encourage the development of and expertise in new
emerging technologies in Canada, we partner with a range of global and domestic organizations.
Launch of Bell Ventures: In 2022, Bell introduced Bell Ventures, its corporate venture capital initiative to encourage development of early-stage and
growth companies that harness the power of Bell’s networks to drive growth and adoption of advanced technological solutions. Building on Bell’s history
of innovation and investments, Bell Ventures is a natural extension of Bell’s purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world.
Bell Ventures invests in early-stage and growth companies that provide advanced technology solutions seeking to further differentiate Bell’s 5G and fibre
networks and deliver solutions for its customers, including in the areas of network, security, IoT, robotics, telematics, clean technology, data monetization
and AI.
Partnership with Palo Alto Networks: On March 29, 2023, Bell announced a partnership with Palo Alto Networks to better support Canadian
businesses managing their cloud security with the launch of two new cloud-native application protection platform (CNAPP) solutions, Cloud Security
Posture Assessment and Cloud Security Posture Protection. These cybersecurity solutions identify threats to enterprise data in the cloud and provide
managed services to protect data across complex hybrid, multi-cloud environments. On December 12, 2024, Bell announced a strategic partnership with
Palo Alto Networks that brings together Bell’s expertise in managed and professional services with Palo Alto Networks’ industry-leading, AI-powered
cybersecurity platforms. Building upon the customer success and service development initiatives launched in 2023, Bell will offer a full suite of services
                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM     13
across Palo Alto Networks’ three platforms, delivering comprehensive protection against evolving cyber threats for customers in Canada.
Acquisition of FX Innovation and Related Matters: On June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-focused
managed and professional services and workflow automation solutions for business clients. This acquisition combines FX Innovation’s agility, start-up
culture and cloud services expertise with Bell’s next-generation fibre and 5G networks, resources, and scale to deliver leading-edge technology solutions
for Canadian businesses. The acquisition aims to position Bell as a technology services leader for our enterprise customers. On November 29, 2023, Bell
and ServiceNow, a digital workflow company, announced a collaboration to launch Service Bridge capabilities on the ServiceNow platform, leveraging FX
Innovation’s deep industry expertise to elevate the end-to-end experience for Bell customers with customized solutions and automation capabilities. On
July 18, 2024, Bell and ServiceNow announced a multi-year strategic agreement to accelerate Bell’s transformation to meet the growing customer
demand for tech services and digital media. The renewed commitment makes Bell one of ServiceNow’s largest communications customers with a
first-of-its-kind collaboration in Canada. Bell will expand its use of the ServiceNow platform, supporting its own digital transformation while continuing to
offer ServiceNow implementation expertise to support the digital transformation of its Bell Business Markets customers. On October 9, 2024, Bell
announced the acquisition by FX Innovation of HGC Technologies (HGC), an Elite ServiceNow partner. HGC strengthens FX Innovation’s expertise in
process automation, cloud technologies and digital transformation, bringing strengths in business application development, HR and customer service
delivery and a strong North American talent base to support growth. HGC’s existing U.S. customer base aligns with FX Innovation’s strategic plans for
expansion into the U.S. market, providing immediate access to a new and growing customer segment.
Partnership with SentinelOne: On February 1, 2024, Bell announced a partnership with SentinelOne, Inc. (SentinelOne), a global leader in AI-powered
security, to provide extensive data protection services for Bell’s enterprise customers.
Collaboration with Mila: On February 2, 2024, Bell announced an 18-month collaborative project with Mila, a research institute in AI, to apply deep
learning neural network algorithms to Bell’s systems and data. Mila researchers will work alongside Bell’s Machine Learning and AI teams to build on
Bell’s previous investments by using deep learning neural network techniques to identify opportunities to improve business performance and customer
experience. By advancing its understanding of deep learning AI techniques, Bell seeks to continue to enhance its customer experience and accelerate its
operational transformation. On June 13, 2024, Bell and Mila announced a new partnership to develop cutting-edge AI solutions, building on the 18-month
collaborative project Mila and Bell entered into earlier in 2024 to apply deep learning neural network algorithms to Bell’s environment. This collaboration is
driven by a shared vision to enhance customer experience, optimize business operations and cultivate a vibrant AI ecosystem within Québec and across
Canada. In line with Bell’s significant investments in AI, this partnership reinforces Bell’s business transformation, harnessing Mila’s groundbreaking
research to drive transformative improvements across Bell’s operations.
Collaboration with Microsoft: On February 6, 2024, Bell announced a collaboration with Microsoft to expand its hybrid work solutions to help Canadian
enterprises modernize their communications platforms with the launch of Bell Operator Connect, pairing Bell’s high-quality voice network and Microsoft
Teams. Bell is also advancing its company-wide digital transformation and workforce modernization in selecting Microsoft 365 as its cloud collaboration
solution. On November 19, 2024, Bell expanded its collaboration with Microsoft by launching services for Microsoft Teams Phone Mobile to offer
Canadian businesses a flexible, secure, high-performance communication solution. This innovative mobile-first solution integrates mobile numbers with
Teams, enabling seamless calling and collaboration. Teams Phone Mobile provides a consistent user experience, simplifying business communication
and boosting productivity and efficiency.
Google Cloud Contact Centre AI: On April 9, 2024, Bell announced the availability of Google Cloud Contact Center AI (CCAI) from Bell for Canadian
businesses – the first fully AI solution for Bell enterprise and mid-market customers. Google Cloud’s CCAI from Bell is a managed solution supported by
professional services expertise that enables intelligent customer and agent experience leveraging generative AI-infused technology. Providing rich
conversational experiences and analytics, Google CCAI from Bell offers scalability and flexibility that can be added to existing contact centre
environments and to cloud contact centres of any size.
Acquisitions of Stratejm and CloudKettle: On July 9, 2024, Bell announced that it had acquired technical services companies Stratejm and CloudKettle
Inc., adding professional and managed services expertise in cybersecurity and Salesforce digital workflow automation to its existing capabilities. These
acquisitions will advance Bell’s strategy to be the leader in supporting medium and large organizations’ digital transformations and automation through
cloud services. Combined with Bell’s Pure Fibre and 5G networks, enterprises will benefit from an exceptional and seamless AI-powered end-to-end
customer experience.
Partnership with Hyundai Motor Group: On July 25, 2024, Bell and Hyundai Motor Group (Hyundai) announced a multi-year extension of their strategic
partnership to provide Canadian customers with advanced in-car connected infotainment services, raising the bar for in-vehicle experiences. Through
Bell’s IoT connectivity, Hyundai, Kia and Genesis customers in Canada will benefit
14     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
from fast and reliable access to infotainment features, with the partnership also exploring additional services such as over-the-air software updates,
music/video streaming, casual gaming and eventually Wi-Fi hotspots, providing seamless connectivity on the go.
Collaboration with MacLean: On September 17, 2024, Bell and MacLean, the world’s largest Canadian-based manufacturer of underground mining
equipment, announced a technology collaboration to better support the evolving needs of mining customers. The innovations being introduced will
improve equipment interoperability, enhancing safety for workers and driving sustainable practices and reduced vehicle emissions.
Ax-C: On October 8, 2024, Ax-C, a new hub for innovative entrepreneurship that opened in 2025, announced a multi-year partnership with Bell, Google,
Desjardins and the Fonds de solidarité FTQ, representing a combined financial contribution of $5.25 million. This strategic private sector partnership will
build a strong and dynamic ecosystem dedicated to the growth of startups in Québec.
Field Test with Ericsson: On April 15, 2025, Bell Canada and Ericsson announced they conducted a successful field test of AI-native link adaptation –
the first globally. This innovative technology uses real-time AI to dynamically adapt networks in response to changes in signal quality, interference and
other factors. The result is an enhanced user experience through increased throughput and spectral efficiency. This collaboration marks a significant
breakthrough in applying AI to improve the performance of radio access networks.
Collaboration with Fortinet: On April 24, 2025, Bell announced the addition of Fortinet, a global cybersecurity leader driving the convergence of
networking and security into its suite of enterprise tech service solutions. Through this collaboration, Bell will integrate Fortinet’s leading Secure SD-WAN
technology into its managed SD-WAN-as-a-Service, improving security and network performance for Canadian businesses.
Creation of Ateko: On May 6, 2025, Bell Canada unveiled Ateko, a dynamic new brand poised to revolutionize business operations with AI-driven
automation and technology collaboration. The company serves clients across diverse sectors, including telecommunications, media, technology, public
sector, utilities and finance. As an end-to-end solutions integrator and operator, backed by Bell’s next-generation Pure Fibre and 5G networks, resources
and scale, Ateko is positioned to challenge disconnected IT System Integration delivery models with significant growth and expansion in Canada and into
new markets across the globe. One of the fastest growing tech services companies in Canada, Ateko is formed from the unification of Bell’s acquired tech
service providers: FX Innovation, CloudKettle and HGC Technologies. Maintaining its agile culture of ingenuity and operating under the leadership of CEO
Guillaume Bazinet (co-founder of FX Innovation), Ateko will drive Bell’s objective to help transform businesses with end-to-end automated cloud and IT
solutions. On December 3, 2025, Ateko announced it has acquired SDK Tek Services Ltd., a highly respected Calgary-headquartered data engineering
and analytics integrator. This acquisition supports Bell’s strategic priority to lead in enterprise with AI-powered solutions and contributes to the
development of a sovereign Canadian AI ecosystem.
Bell AI Fabric: On May 28, 2025, Bell Canada announced Bell AI Fabric, a major investment that will create the country’s largest AI compute project and
ensure that Canadian companies can continue to compete and win in the global AI economy. Bell AI Fabric will create a national network starting with a
data centre supercluster in British Columbia that will aim to provide upwards of 500 MW of hydro-electric powered AI compute capacity across six
facilities. On February 10, 2026, Bell Canada and SAP Canada announced a Memorandum of Understanding to jointly deliver a comprehensive
Canadian-operated cloud solution designed to meet high standards of data protection and strengthen Canada’s digital sovereignty. The partnership will
combine Bell AI Fabric’s secure national network, compute and data centre footprint with SAP Sovereign Cloud On-Site (SCOS) solution and Canadian-
based operations team.
Partnership with Zoom: On May 20, 2025, Bell Canada and Zoom, a global leader in workplace communications, announced a partnership to offer
Workplace from Bell and Zoom, an open collaboration platform with AI Companion, available to Canadian enterprises exclusively through Bell. This
relationship reinforces Bell’s objective to provide innovative, reliable and secure AI powered communication solutions that empower businesses to thrive
in today’s dynamic work environment.
Partnership with Cohere: On July 28, 2025, Bell Canada and security-first enterprise AI company Cohere announced a strategic partnership to provide
full-stack sovereign AI solutions for government and enterprise customers across Canada and to deploy proprietary, secure AI solutions within Bell.
Cohere will make its secure enterprise-grade AI solutions available through Bell AI Fabric, providing government and enterprise customers with access to
fully sovereign, advanced models and customized applications. This includes leveraging North, Cohere’s agentic AI platform for both customers and Bell
employees. In turn, Bell will become Cohere’s preferred Canadian AI infrastructure provider, while Cohere will become Bell’s preferred Canadian agentic
AI solution and LLM provider.
                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   15
Partnership with Perplexity: On August 11, 2025, Bell announced a new partnership with Perplexity, a leading AI-powered answer engine, becoming the
company’s exclusive telecommunications partner in Canada. Through this partnership, eligible Bell customers will receive 12 months of complimentary
access to Perplexity Pro, a premium AI research and productivity tool valued at nearly $300.
Partnership with BUZZ High Performance Computing: On August 19, 2025, BUZZ High Performance Computing (Buzz HPC), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of HIVE Digital Technologies Ltd., a Canadian AI cloud provider and NVIDIA Cloud Partner, announced that it had signed a preferred
partnership with Bell Canada to deliver one of Canada’s largest sovereign AI ecosystems through Bell AI Fabric. BUZZ HPC will provide Bell’s
government and enterprise customers with access to NVIDIA Ampere, NVIDIA Hopper and NVIDIA Blackwell GPU clusters, scalable over NVIDIA
Quantum-2 InfiniBand networking. BUZZ HPC’s large-scale NVIDIA accelerated computing infrastructure, purpose-built for AI, machine learning and
scientific computing, will be integrated with Bell AI Fabric’s advanced fibre network, data centres and partner ecosystem, including Cohere. This combined
capability supports a range of use cases, including developing AI foundational models and fine-tuning existing models all within Canada. By expanding
accelerated computing infrastructure across multiple provinces, the collaboration ensures true nationwide reach. Canadian innovators will gain access to
high-performing NVIDIA accelerated computing, hosted in secure, Canadian-owned facilities that comply with strict data residency and cybersecurity
regulations.
Bell Cyber: On September 9, 2025, Bell announced the launch of Bell Cyber, a new brand complementing its growing AI-powered technology solutions
business. Bell Cyber represents a pivotal step in Bell’s strategy to lead as a North American technology services provider, delivering AI-powered, scalable
and sovereign cybersecurity solutions that protect enterprises and strengthen Canada’s digital future. On February 17, 2026, Bell Cyber and Radware®
(NASDAQ: RDWR) announced the expansion of their partnership with an enhanced AI-driven, cloud-delivered security service designed to help
organizations defend against increasingly automated and sophisticated cyberattacks. The expanded service integrates Radware’s AI-based application
security with Bell Cyber’s fully managed security operations, designed to enable earlier identification of anomalous behaviour, blocking malicious traffic,
and adapting protection as attack patterns evolve. The service is delivered through Bell Cyber’s managed security model, reducing the operational burden
on customer security teams.
MoU with Simon Fraser University: On September 16, 2025, Bell Canada and Simon Fraser University (SFU) announced a Memorandum of
Understanding to collaborate on advancing Canada’s AI and sovereign supercomputing ecosystem. This agreement will bolster Canada’s sovereign AI
infrastructure, promote the development of clean and sustainable data centre technologies and invest in Canada’s AI talent pipeline. By investing in
Canada’s sovereign AI ecosystem, Bell and SFU will further contribute to Canada’s economic resilience and national security by ensuring that Canadian
organizations have access to secure, reliable and locally controlled AI resources.
MoU with Queen’s University: On December 15, 2025, Bell and Queen’s University announced that they have signed a Memorandum of Understanding
to build and operate a next-generation, world-class AI supercomputing facility. This partnership will enhance Canada’s AI capacity, drive domestic
adoption of AI tools and strengthen digital sovereignty at a critical moment in our nation’s history.
Other Bell Canada AI Solutions:
 •   On February 26, 2025, Bell Canada announced its network AI Ops solution built on Google Cloud, which has been successfully deployed and is
     already revolutionizing how it detects, analyzes and presents network issues. This AI-driven approach has significantly improved Bell’s mean time to
     resolution, enabling proactive network management that enhances reliability and optimizes the customer experience.
 •   On March 26, 2025, Bell announced the launch of its Security-as-a-Service (SECaaS) solution, hosted on its Canadian sovereign cloud. This
     innovative service provides public and private sector organizations with top-tier cybersecurity solutions while ensuring data remains within Canadian
     borders, adhering to local privacy and security regulations.


Our significant media assets
Bell Media’s range of video and audio content enhances the execution of our strategic priorities by leveraging our significant network investments,
delivering compelling content across all screens and platforms, and enabling us to maximize strategic and operating synergies, including the efficiency of
our content and advertising spend.
Bell Media’s assets in video, audio, OOH and digital platforms are a key competitive advantage, as described below:
 •   Bell Media is the largest media and entertainment player and largest content acquirer and maker in Canada, leaning into digital while optimizing
     legacy and driving growth. We are a digital media and content powerhouse with global impact. We own key
16      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
     marquee events in Canada, including national elections, Grey Cup, the Super Bowl, the Oscars, the Emmys, F1 and the 2026 FIFA Men’s World
     Cup. Our iconic sports, entertainment and news brands and content drive more than 800 million hours of consumption by Canadians each month.
 •   We own Crave, a premium bilingual platform and the largest and most distributed Canadian-owned streaming service. Crave features a broad
     catalogue of sought-after content, including the global smash hit Crave Original Heated Rivalry alongside an extensive catalogue of original
     Canadian productions, box-office hits, Emmy Award-winning series and thousands of hours of exclusive French-language content. Crave is available
     direct to consumers and through participating service providers, with flexible subscription options, as well as bundled offerings. These include
     Disney+, TSN and ICI TOU.TV, providing subscribers with expanded choice and enhanced value across entertainment, sports and French-language
     programming. STARZ remains available through participating service providers and directly to consumers as a separate add-on. Through a
     subscription to Crave, Canadian subscribers have wide-ranging choice and convenience, providing access to HBO and Max Originals, Crave
     Originals, CTV, Noovo, news, select sporting events, a deeper collection of kids content, and content from Bell Media’s suite of entertainment
     specialty channels including USA Network and Canal D. Crave also offers the option to register through a free account, providing ad-supported
     access to content from CTV and Noovo and a library of movies through CTV Movies and CTV Throwback.
 •   We own and operate 35 conventional TV stations, including CTV, Canada’s #1 conventional network for 24 consecutive years in primetime (A25-54),
     trusted news brand CTV News and leading digital news destination ctvnews.ca, the top digital news destination in Canada for nearly two years.
     Additionally, we own the French-language Noovo network in Québec and digital news destination Noovo.info. Part of Noovo’s multi-platform news
     division, our Noovo.info website offers exclusive original features dedicated entirely to news.
 •   We own and operate 24 specialty channels, including TSN, a leader in Canadian sports broadcasting, RDS, the top French-language sports network,
     Toronto’s #1 news specialty station CP24, top English entertainment specialty channel CTV Comedy and Canal.
 •   We have one of the broadest lineups of sports rights in the world, with long-term rights to marquee brands and events including the National Football
     League (NFL), the Super Bowl, FIFA World Cup 2026, F1 (including the Canadian Grand Prix), The Masters, PGA, the Canadian Football League
     (CFL) and Grey Cup, Tennis Grand Slams including WIMBLEDON and the US OPEN, regional hockey rights including the Winnipeg Jets and
     Montréal Canadiens, and a large portfolio for women’s sports, including Professional Women’s Hockey League (PWHL) and Northern Super League
     (NSL).
 •   We own and operate five direct-to-consumer (DTC) services, including Crave, the exclusive home of HBO and Max Originals in Canada, STARZ,
     TSN, TSN+ and RDS. We own 13 English and French-language FAST channels, featuring a selection of acclaimed and fan-favourite entertainment,
     factual, news and sports programming. All 13 channels are available on LG Channels, Samsung TV Plus, Plex and The Roku Channel.
 •   We own 55 licensed radio stations across Canada, all available through iHeartRadio.ca and the iHeartRadio Canada app.
 •   We own the iHeartRadio Canada brand, with a wide range of content including more than 360 licensed Canadian radio stations across 170 markets,
     hundreds of thousands of podcasts, playlists and on demand content. In September 2025, Bell Media and iHeartMedia announced a long-term
     extension of their exclusive partnership, also providing Bell Media with Canadian representation of iHeartRadio’s extensive podcast portfolio.
 •   We own Astral, a leader among Canada’s OOH advertising companies, with strategically located advertising faces spanning across the country in
     more than 50 markets. Astral offers five product lines: outdoor advertising, street furniture, airport, large digital format and transit. We lead Canadian
     broadcast media competitors in the digital landscape in the number of unique visitors, page views and total minutes.
 •   Our majority ownership of Sphere Abacus now serves as the primary international distributor of our owned rights. This partnership expands our
     global reach, enhances monetization opportunities and strengthens our ability to bring compelling Canadian storytelling to international audiences.
Our competitive strengths also include synergies with BCE, across marketing, data and tech. From bundling Crave with Bell consumer offerings, including
mobility, Internet and content, to marketing reach for Bell services across Bell Media platforms and to sharing technology and resources on product
development. As well, Bell Media’s competitive strength is bolstered by our broad reach across Canada, our ability to deliver top content across platforms,
our constant drive to provide the most engaging and interactive experience for viewers and our ability to serve the needs of advertisers across multiple
platforms.
                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   17
Refer to section 2.4, Build a digital and media content powerhouse of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on page 31 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report, for a
description of certain agreements entered into and initiatives launched in 2025 by Bell Media.


3.4 Marketing and distribution channels
Bell CTS Canada and Bell CTS U.S.
The guiding principle driving our marketing strategy is to offer our clients the ultimate in reliable, simple and accessible communications services. In doing
so, our objective is to increase customer acquisition, retention and loyalty through multiple service offerings.
Through the bundling of services, which combines high-speed Internet, TV, streaming and home phone, as well as wireless services, our goal is to use a
multi-product offering to achieve competitive differentiation by offering a premium, integrated set of services that provides customers with more freedom,
flexibility and choice. We also make use of limited-time promotional offers featuring discounted rate plans, special rates on wireless handsets and TV
receivers, as well as other incentives, to stimulate new customer acquisition and retain existing customers or to respond to competitive actions in our
markets.
We focus our marketing efforts, including with respect to Ziply Fiber, on a coordinated program of video, print, audio, Internet, outdoor signage, direct mail
and point-of-sale media promotions. We engage in mass market advertising in order to maintain our brand and support direct and indirect distribution
channels. Coordinated marketing efforts throughout our service area (in both Canada and the U.S. through Ziply Fiber) ensure that our marketing
message is presented consistently across all our markets. Promoting the Bell brand is complemented by our other brand marketing efforts, reinforcing
awareness of all our services and capitalizing on the size and breadth of our customer base across all product lines. In the U.S., Ziply Fiber also
undertakes other brand marketing efforts, including organic content marketing efforts, event sponsorships and local philanthropic endeavours.
The Bell brands play a key role in product positioning. Our branding is straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a better customer
experience at every level.
Acquiring and retaining wireless subscribers is a key marketing objective that we seek to achieve through our networks and suite of leading-edge devices
and services to drive higher usage and increased adoption of data services. We offer unlimited plans featuring unlimited data access with no overage
charges. We also offer SmartPay device financing plans that let Bell Mobility customers buy their new smartphones with 24 interest-free installments
separate from their service plan and we similarly offer Sweet Pay device financing plans for Virgin Plus customers. In addition, we offer Connect
Everything plans that provide a way to link all of a customer’s Bell devices with a pool of data to share across smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and
other devices such as wireless trackers, security cameras and vehicles with Bell Connected Car. We also continue to offer discounts on the price of
wireless handsets in exchange for a contractual commitment from a subscriber, a practice also used by other Canadian wireless operators. As the
Canadian wireless market further matures and competition intensifies, customer retention is increasingly important. Accordingly, we employ customer
retention initiatives aimed at increasing our customers’ level of satisfaction and loyalty.
We also offer eligible customers the convenience of One Bill for Internet, TV, home phone, wireless and streaming services.
We deliver our products and services to residential wireless and wireline customers through:
 •   over 1,000 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile, Best Buy Express and Staples locations and/or branded dealers;
 •   retailers such as Walmart, Loblaws and Glentel’s WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth wireless and The Mobile Shop, as well as a network of regional and
     independent retailers in all regions;
 •   call centre representatives;
 •   our websites, including bell.ca, virginplus.ca and luckymobile.ca; and
 •   door-to-door sales representatives.
On January 31, 2023, Bell and Staples Canada ULC (Staples) announced a multi-year exclusive agreement to sell Bell, Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile
wireless and wireline services through Staples stores across Canada for consumers and small businesses. In addition, Bell and Staples partner to sell
Bell wireless and wireline services direct to medium-sized businesses through the Staples Professional sales team, backed by Bell’s advanced
communications expertise.
On May 3, 2023, Bell announced a multi-year strategic agreement with Air Canada, which includes premier sponsorship of its free in-flight messaging for
Aeroplan members and the distribution of complimentary subscriber identity module (SIM) cards on board to enable newcomers and visitors arriving in
Canada to activate a wireless SIM while still in the air.
18      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
In 2024, Bell Canada announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 167 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in Canada,
which have been rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive telecommunications
services from Bell. The first Best Buy Express was opened in Guildford Town Centre, Surrey, British Columbia on June 26, 2024. In addition, in 2024, Bell
wound down The Source head office and back office operations, as well as closed 107 The Source stores.
On January 8, 2025, Bell and Corus Entertainment announced the expansion of a strategic, multi-year agreement for Corus networks to be distributed on
Bell Fibe TV and Bell Satellite TV, including Corus’ premier lifestyle networks, Flavour Network and Home Network.
On October 2, 2025, Bell announced the renewal of its long-standing partnership with the Canadian Olympic Committee (COC), extending through the
2032 Olympic Games. This milestone reflects Bell’s continued commitment to empowering Canadian athletes and inspiring Canadians from coast to
coast. With this renewal, Bell remains the Official Telecommunications Partner of Team Canada for the 2026, 2028, 2030 and 2032 Olympic Games.
For small and medium-sized business customers, our small and medium business team offers a wide range of wireline and wireless services, including
Business Fibe Internet, Bell Total Connect, Business Phone and TV and IoT solutions, along with many other communications solutions, all designed for
companies. All solutions are sold through dedicated call centre representatives and our bell.ca website, as well as our retail network and door-to-door
sales representatives.
Communications solutions for large enterprise customers, including our wireless services, are delivered by our business markets team and our products
and services are sold through dedicated sales representatives, certified resellers and competitive bids. By combining products and services, including
professional services, into fully managed, end-to-end information and technology solutions, we have been successful in providing large enterprise
customers with complex communications products and services. We continue to aim to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace by enhancing our
customer service levels and offering solutions designed to provide superior service, performance, availability and security. We deliver expertise in key
solution areas, including Internet and advanced network solutions, voice and collaboration solutions, cloud and workflow solutions delivered through
Ateko, end-to-end cybersecurity solutions delivered through Bell Cyber, cloud-based contact centre and full-stack AI solutions through Bell AI Fabric.
Our wholesale business communications products and services are delivered by our wholesale team. They are sold through our dedicated sales
representatives, web portals and call centres.


Bell Media
Bell Media’s video, OOH and digital advertising customer base is comprised of large advertising agencies, which place advertisements with Bell Media on
behalf of their customers, and advertisers who buy directly. Bell Media also has contracts with a variety of distribution partners under which subscription
fees for video products are earned. Bell Media’s radio broadcast customer base is comprised of both advertising agencies and businesses in local
markets.
Bell Media’s audio and video products are delivered to Canadians through a combination of over-the-air broadcast transmission, partnerships with
traditional and digital distributors, and Bell Media’s own digital platforms.
Crave is available through participating TV providers across Canada, which provide the added opportunity to access the Crave linear channels on
traditional set-top boxes, as well as via on-demand channels, through the Crave app, crave.ca and on Amazon’s Prime Video Channels. TSN and RDS
are also available directly via the Internet through each brand’s official website, the app and on Amazon’s Prime Video Channels in Canada. Crave can be
streamed on the web and through partner platforms such as iOS and Android mobile devices, Apple TV, Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, Bell Streamer,
Chromecast, Roku, Samsung, LG, Hisense, Sony PlayStation and Xbox One. Finally, Bell Media’s OOH business delivers its services through an
inventory of OOH faces and street furniture equipment in key urban cities across the country.
Agreement with Amazon: On February 6, 2024, Bell Media announced that it had reached an agreement with Amazon to make its best-in-class
streaming service, Crave, available on Prime Video Channels in Canada.
Acquisition of OUTFRONT: On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.’s Canadian OOH media business,
OUTEDGE Media Canada.
Expansion of Partnership with Warner Bros. Discovery: On October 8, 2024, Bell Media announced that it had expanded its landmark partnership
with Warner Bros. Discovery for the Canadian market, extending Crave for multiple years as the exclusive home of HBO and Max content. The expansion
of Bell Media’s existing licensing agreement with Warner Bros. Discovery announced in 2023 ensures Crave subscribers have continued access to a vast
library of premium content for the foreseeable future. The new
                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   19
agreement also includes a co-production commitment for original Canadian content with global appeal, licensing of Bell Media original content for use on
Warner Bros. Discovery platforms outside of Canada and extended access to French-language content for use on Bell Media platforms.
Content and Licensing Agreement with NBCUniversal Global TV Distribution: On October 17, 2024, Bell Media announced a major content and
licensing agreement with NBCUniversal Global TV Distribution. This agreement rebranded its specialty channels, Discovery and Investigation Discovery,
as USA Network and Oxygen True Crime, respectively, as of January 1, 2025. A selection of popular shows from both channels also became available for
streaming on Crave. Also on January 1, 2025, existing specialty channels Animal Planet, Discovery Science and Discovery Velocity were rebranded to
CTV Wild, CTV Nature and CTV Speed, respectively, completing the revitalization of Bell Media’s suite of Discovery channels.
Partnership with StackAdapt: On November 19, 2024, StackAdapt, a leading multi-channel advertising platform, and Bell Media announced a
partnership to enable Bell Media’s premium inventory across connected TV (CTV), display, video, audio and digital OOH channels through StackAdapt’s
platform. This collaboration offers agencies and brands unmatched reach and precision in digital advertising in Canada, backed by two of the country’s
foremost programmatic leaders.
Partnership with Shopsense AI: On December 18, 2024, Bell Media announced that it had partnered with Shopsense AI, the leader in shoppable TV
technology, to bring innovative second-screen shopping experiences to millions of Canadian viewers. This collaboration marks Shopsense’s first
expansion outside of the U.S. and the first integration of its powerful Commerce OS into Canadian entertainment programming.
Agreement with Point Grey Pictures: On December 18, 2024, Bell Media announced that it had entered into an agreement with Point Grey Pictures to
develop and produce an original scripted TV series from Point Grey and Lionsgate. The agreement was made through Lionsgate’s first-look TV deal with
Point Grey. As a company with roots in Canada, Point Grey will enhance its presence in the country through this agreement by producing its first scripted
show for the Canadian market.
Expansion of Partnership with NASCAR: On January 16, 2025, NASCAR announced multiple media rights deals that bolster its presence in Canada,
the sport’s largest international market, highlighted by the expansion of its decades-long partnership with Bell Media. For the first time, Bell Media will be
Canada’s home for all three NASCAR national series as it adds NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series programming to its long-standing NASCAR Cup Series
and NASCAR Xfinity Series rights.
Partnership with PAGEBOY Productions: On January 27, 2025, Bell Media and PAGEBOY Productions, founded by acclaimed actor, producer and
advocate Elliot Page, announced a new partnership to develop bold, original scripted series for Crave and CTV. Under this agreement, their collaboration
will explore content opportunities, with a joint dedication to spotlighting untold stories.
Expansion of Bell Media’s Global Content Distribution footprint: On March 26, 2025, Bell Media announced that it had bolstered its existing
partnership with Montréal-based Sphere Media by acquiring a majority stake in leading global content distributor Sphere Abacus, through parent company
Sphere Media International. The acquisition serves as a launchpad for Bell Media’s content distribution expansion, combining the strength of the two
companies to accelerate growth and capitalize on new opportunities. Through Sphere Abacus, Bell Media is set to enhance the reach of Canadian
content and creators with international audiences.
New Disney Streaming Bundle: On June 5, 2025, Bell Media and Disney Entertainment announced new streaming bundle offers for the Canadian
market that include Disney+, Crave, and TSN, slated to launch later this year. At launch, the new bundles provide savings for viewers when they combine
services together, giving customers access to a vast selection of premium content, including HBO and Max Originals, Crave Originals, Disney, Pixar,
Marvel, Star Wars, National Geographic and TSN’s deep and diverse roster of live and on-demand sports programming and much more.
Investment in Blink49 Studios: On June 9, 2025, Bell Media announced that it is making a strategic investment in independent production company,
Blink49 Studios (Blink49). Based in Toronto, Vancouver and Los Angeles, Blink49 is known for its robust production pipeline and partnership capabilities
within Canada, the U.S. and Europe. The investment, which sees Bell Media strike, alongside FIFTH SEASON, a production and global distribution
partnership with Blink49, further enhances Blink49’s capabilities as it continues to grow its slate of scripted and unscripted content.
Partnership with The Trade Desk: On June 5, 2025, Bell Media and The Trade Desk announced that key tools from the Bell Marketing Platform are now
integrated into The Trade Desk’s Kokai platform. The integration provides advertisers with seamless access to Bell’s premium first-party data, custom
audience-building capabilities and, in the future, advanced measurement and analytics solutions.
Agreement with PGA TOUR: On June 6, 2025, Bell Media and the PGA TOUR announced a multi-year broadcast extension, ensuring continued
coverage of the PGA TOUR’s marquee golf events across TSN, RDS and CTV.
20     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Formula 1 Coverage: On June 12, 2025, TSN and RDS announced they will deliver complete live coverage of the biggest auto racing event in Canada
when Formula 1®‘s CANADIAN GRAND PRIX 2025 returns to the famed Circuit Gilles-Villeneuve in Montréal from June 13-15, 2025.
Entertainment and Sports Bundle available via Prime Video Subscriptions in Canada: On July 25, 2025, Bell Media announced that its
entertainment and sports bundle featuring best-in-class streaming service Crave, with Canada’s sports leaders, TSN and RDS, is now available via Prime
Video Subscriptions in Canada. The bundles provide savings when services are combined compared to individual subscriptions and include access to
Crave, featuring exclusives from HBO, the latest blockbusters, hit series and Crave Originals, plus the deepest roster of sports and championship
moments when paired with TSN or RDS.
Agreement with RTC: On September 10, 2025, Astral, a division of Bell Media, announced a 10-year commercial agreement with the Réseau de
transport de la Capitale in collaboration with Capitale Mobilité. Astral was selected following a call for proposals to manage advertising on buses and
transit shelters in Québec City.
Expansion of Partnership with iHeartMedia: On September 12, 2025, Bell Media and iHeartMedia announced a long-term extension of their exclusive
partnership, solidifying a commitment to deliver unparalleled audio entertainment experiences to audiences across Canada through iHeartRadio Canada.
This renewed agreement builds upon nearly a decade of collaboration, which has seen iHeartRadio Canada become a leading digital audio platform,
offering a wide range of content including more than 360 licensed Canadian radio stations across 170 markets, hundreds of thousands of podcasts,
playlists and on demand content.
Partnership with Tubi: On October 3, 2025, Bell Media and Tubi, Fox Corporation’s (NASDAQ: FOXA, FOX) ad-supported streaming service,
announced a long-term strategic partnership across ad sales and content distribution, including Canadian titles from Bell Media’s market-leading
on-demand catalogue and FAST channel lineup. The partnership also includes plans to co-develop original content for distribution on Tubi globally, across
Bell Media platforms in Canada and through Sphere Abacus, Bell Media’s international content distribution company.
Agreement with FIBA: On October 6, 2025, Bell Media announced a multi-year partnership with both the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) and
Canada Basketball which provides TSN and RDS with exclusive access to the upcoming FIBA Basketball World Cups for both women and men, in
addition to the rights for other premium FIBA and Canada Basketball events.
Rights extension with Montréal Canadiens: On October 10, 2025, TSN, RDS and the Montréal Canadiens announced a landmark, long-term
partnership ensuring Canada’s Sports Leaders remain home to Montréal Canadiens regional broadcasts for years to come. Under the new agreement,
Montréal Canadiens matchups continue to be available to subscribers located in the team’s designated broadcast region on TSN, RDS and streaming live
through the networks’ digital platforms, featuring 50 games on TSN and 45 on RDS.
Launch of Outcomes Measurement Solution with Environics Analytics: On October 22, 2025, Bell Media, in partnership with Environics Analytics,
announced the launch of its new Outcomes Measurement solution for TV campaigns. This measurement product will give advertisers a clear,
comprehensive and privacy-first way to connect ad exposure to real-world outcomes including sales, leads, spend and more.
Rights Extension with Winnipeg Jets: On October 30, 2025, True North Sports + Entertainment and TSN confirmed a new multi-year rights extension,
securing long-term exclusive access to regional Winnipeg Jets games for TSN. The continued partnership ensures Winnipeg Jets regional matchups
continue to be available to viewers located in the team’s designated broadcast region and streaming live through the network’s digital platforms.
Crave Expansion: On November 26, 2025, Bell Media unveiled a significant transformation of its flagship streaming service, Crave. Canada’s largest
homegrown streamer just got bigger and better, offering direct access to live programming from leading Bell Media brands, including CTV and Noovo.
Viewers can now enjoy more hit series, local and national news in both English and French, major sporting and live entertainment events including award
shows, and an expanded kids’ library. This is in addition to Crave’s already vast library of English and French-language content, which includes HBO and
HBO Max Originals and Crave Originals, totalling more than 40,000 hours of content.
Partnership with Loblaw Advance: On December 3, 2025, Bell Media and Loblaw Advance™ introduced a first-to-market, closed-loop measurement
solution for video advertisers, covering linear TV and Connected TV. Announced at the IAB Canada’s Report on Data in Toronto, Ontario, the joint offering
delivers comprehensive, privacy-compliant measurement, combining Bell Media’s premium inventory and robust first-party data with extensive
point-of-sale insights from Loblaw Advance™.
                                                                                                                BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   21
Other Bell Media Initiatives:
 •   In April 2024, Bell Media announced the launch of FAST channels, featuring a wide variety of content in English and French. Currently, Bell Media
     offers 11 FAST channels across major platforms, including Bell TV, Roku, LG Channels, Samsung TV Plus and more.
 •   On September 6, 2024, Bell Media announced that its TSN service was available on Prime Video Channels in Canada, and on October 29, 2024,
     RDS was also made available on Prime Video Channels in Canada.
 •   On January 17, 2025, Bell Media announced new bundle subscription options for Crave, TSN and RDS. The Ultimate Entertainment and Sports
     Bundle includes Crave and TSN for English-language programming and Crave and RDS for French-language programming.
 •   On August 5, 2025, Bell Media announced new, more flexible terms across TV, audio, digital and OOH, making it easier for advertisers to plan and
     activate campaigns across platforms. With a growing cohort of clients leaning into multiplatform strategies, these unified terms streamline the buying
     process — driving greater efficiency, faster execution and more flexibility.
 •   On October 1, 2025, Crave announced that its Standard With Ads tier is available for purchase on Prime Video. Prime Video customers can
     subscribe directly through their account for $11.99/month via primevideo.com/crave.



3.5 Networks
The telecommunications industry is evolving rapidly as it continues to move from multiple service-specific networks to Internet protocol (IP)-based
integrated communications networks that can carry voice, data and video traffic. We continue to work with key vendor partners to expand our national
multi-service IP-enabled networks.
Our communications networks provide wireless and wireline voice, data and video services to customers across Canada. Our infrastructure includes:
 •   national transport networks for voice, data and video traffic, including Internet traffic;
 •   urban and rural access networks and infrastructure for delivering services to customers; and
 •   national wireless networks that provide voice, data and video services.


Wireless
To provide wireless connectivity, we have deployed and operate a number of nationwide wireless broadband networks compatible with global standards
that deliver high-quality and reliable voice and high-speed data services. With our high-speed data network, we are able to offer Canadian consumers a
broad range of choice in wireless smartphones, as well as touch-screen tablets, IoT devices and other devices designed for data services such as video
and audio streaming, IoT communications, e-mail, messaging, Internet access and social networking. We also support international roaming in over 230
destinations, with LTE roaming in 216 destinations and 5G roaming in 135 destinations.

HSPA+ network
Our wireless HSPA+ network offered high-speed mobile access to 99% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2025, covering thousands of cities and
towns in both urban and rural locations. The HSPA+ network supports global roaming, as well as a wide range of smartphones, data cards, universal
serial bus (USB) sticks, tablets and other leading-edge mobile devices. The vast majority of the site connectivity for the HSPA+ network was built with
high-speed fibre and an all-IP architecture for enhanced reliability.
On January 12, 2026, we discontinued our wireless HSPA+ network in Manitoba, which reduced our wireless HSPA+ network coverage to 95.4% of
Canada’s population.

4G LTE network
With Bell’s 4G LTE wireless network coverage, customers have data access speeds similar to those of broadband connections and significantly faster
than our HSPA+ network, making it easier for users to download applications, stream high-definition videos and music, play online games, or
videoconference and chat with virtually no delays or buffering. The HSPA+ and LTE networks work together such that most Bell LTE devices support both
networks.
Our LTE wireless network reached more than 99% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2025, with expected average download speeds of 18 to
40 Mbps.
22      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
LTE-A network
By assigning multiple radio channels or carriers to one user, LTE-A technology delivers expected average speeds of 25 to 325 Mbps. Bell’s LTE network
is capable of delivering Quad-band LTE-A service. Quad-band technology leverages four bands of wireless spectrum to boost peak LTE-A speeds to the
gigabit level. In addition to employing a combination of carrier aggregation, Bell also uses 256 QAM and 4X4 MIMO technologies to increase spectrum
efficiency and multiply capacity. Bell’s enhanced LTE-A network is available in select cities across Canada.
At December 31, 2025, we provided LTE-A network service to 96% of the population in Canada.

LTE-M network
Our LTE-M network is a subset of our LTE network supporting low-power IoT applications with enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and enabling
lower costs for IoT devices connecting to Bell’s national network. An expanded reciprocal roaming partnership with AT&T Inc. (AT&T) provides Bell
Canadian business customers with access to AT&T’s LTE-M network across the U.S. and also enables AT&T’s customers to roam on Bell’s national
LTE-M network in Canada. Our LTE-M network is available in most Canadian provinces.

5G network
Our 5G wireless network enables us to offer enhanced mobile data speeds and the latest 5G-capable smartphones. The high capacity and near-instant
connections offered by mobile 5G will support new consumer and business applications, including AR/VR, AI and machine learning, immersive
entertainment services, connected vehicles, smart cities and enhanced rural access and IoT opportunities for business and government enterprises. In
2021, Bell acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz wireless spectrum in the auction conducted by ISED. On November 30, 2023,
Bell announced that it had secured the right to acquire 939 wireless spectrum licences in the 3800 MHz spectrum auction for $518 million. On January 17,
2024, Bell made a first payment of $104 million to ISED. The remaining balance of $414 million was paid on May 29, 2024, at which time Bell acquired
the 3800 MHz spectrum licences. On February 6, 2026, ISED announced the provisional results of the 2026 Auction of Residual Spectrum Licences. Bell
Mobility secured the right to acquire 63 spectrum licences for $13.5 `million or approximately $0.18 per MHz-Pop. The first payment of $2.7 million was
due on February 20, 2026, and the remaining $10.8 million is due on March 20, 2026. Essential to Canada’s ongoing transition to 5G communications,
these high-capacity airwaves support Bell’s delivery of enhanced 5G digital experiences to Canadian consumers and businesses in urban, rural and
remote communities.
Bell’s 5G network covered 89% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2025, a significant increase from the 26% of Canada’s population covered at the
end of 2020, attributable in part to our capital expenditure acceleration program, which provided for $1.7 billion in additional network funding in 2021 and
2022, in addition to the approximately $4 billion that Bell typically spent each year in network expansion and enhancement prior to 2020.
In July 2022, Bell began deploying 3500 MHz wireless spectrum, unleashing the next phase of 5G advancement and allowing Bell to launch its 5G+
network. Bell 5G+ is faster and more responsive than our 5G wireless network, allowing for a superior mobile experience. Initially launched in southern
Ontario, the 5G+ network was expanded to Manitoba and many centres across Atlantic Canada, as well as in other communities and reached 65% of
Canada’s population at December 31, 2025, with the availability of peak theoretical download speeds of up to 4.3 Gbps in select markets and average
expected download speeds of 89 to 705 Mbps.
In 2022, Bell also announced plans to roll out a 5G standalone core network, starting in Toronto. The addition of 3500 MHz wireless spectrum allows Bell
to deliver a new 5G core network to Canadian businesses, supported by world-class SA architecture to unlock even faster speeds and ultra-low latency.
Over time, a 5G SA core network will provide additional benefits such as network slicing and is expected to enable a full range of 5G features and
functionality for both enterprise and consumer use cases and support the growth of IoT.


Wireline
Voice and data network
Our national voice and data network consists of an optical fibre network with the latest technologies to provide redundancy and fault protection. It reaches
all major Canadian metropolitan centres, as well as New York, Chicago, Boston, Buffalo, Detroit, Minneapolis, Ashburn (Virginia), Seattle and Secaucus in
the U.S.
Our network in major Canadian cities provides state-of-the-art high-speed access at multi-gigabit speeds based on IP technology. We operate a national
IP multi-protocol label switching network with international gateways to the rest of the world. This network
                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   23
delivers next-generation, business-grade IP virtual private network (IP VPN) services that connect our customers’ offices throughout Canada and around
the world. The IP VPN service is the foundation platform required for the delivery of business service solutions that add value and efficiencies to
customers’ businesses. These technology solutions include voice over IP/IP telephony, IP videoconferencing, IP call centre applications and other future
IP-based applications. In addition, we maintain extensive copper and voice-switching networks that provide traditional local and interexchange voice and
data services to all business and residential customers in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.
In April 2021, Bell announced commercial 400-gigabit wavelength service deployed across major spans of Bell’s fibre infrastructure to deliver significantly
increased connectivity speed and capacity while optimizing network performance and energy efficiency. 400-gigabit technology increases fibre capacity
using less network hardware and more automation to deliver four times the data speed and 50% more capacity per wavelength than 100-gigabit core
infrastructure or previous technology.
Key traffic routes span more than 25,000 kilometres across Canada and into the U.S.
On November 16, 2021, Bell and Nokia announced the first successful test of 25G passive optical network (PON) fibre broadband technology in North
America, which validates that current GPON and XGS-PON broadband technology and future 25G PON can work seamlessly together on the same fibre
hardware that is being deployed throughout the network. 25G PON delivers significant symmetrical bandwidth capacity that will support new use cases
such as premium service and 5G transport. Further, in partnership with Nokia, Bell achieved a significant advancement in Canadian broadband
technology with the successful completion of the country’s first 50G PON technology trial at our Advanced Technical Lab in Montréal. To do this, we
leveraged our existing fibre infrastructure to provide even faster Internet speeds to customers.

High-speed fibre deployment
Our strategic priority to deliver the best fibre and wireless networks has included the expansion of our fibre network to more homes and business
locations. Bell has invested significantly to deploy FTTP connections to overlay legacy copper infrastructure, with fibre directly to homes and businesses.
In addition, Bell continues to deploy FTTP to all new urban and suburban housing developments in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba,
in addition to Bell’s ongoing deployment of FTTP to multi-dwelling units and business locations. In our view, FTTP, in which optical fibre cables are used to
connect each and every location, is the best available network architecture to support future bandwidth-demanding IP services and applications. Our
residential fibre-optic Internet service, marketed as Fibe Internet, is enabled by our fibre network, offering symmetrical download and upload speeds of up
to 8 Gbps with FTTP through our Gigabit Fibe 8.0 service, as well as download speeds of up to 100 Mbps with FTTN.
Introduced in April 2022, the Bell Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service was initially offered in eligible areas of Toronto and has since been rolled out in several
communities across Ontario, Québec, Manitoba and the Atlantic provinces. Further, in Q1 2025, the Bell Gigabit Fibe 8.0 service was re-introduced to the
market.
Bell Gigabit Fibe service includes the new Giga Hub 2.0 with Wi-Fi 7, enabling faster speeds and lower latency when used with a compatible device and
allowing customers to work, learn, video chat, stream and game online on any or all of their household devices simultaneously.
In 2025, Bell expanded its Pure Fibre network across Atlantic Canada, Québec, Ontario and Manitoba and completed a subsea link to Fogo Island and
Change Islands in Newfoundland and Labrador, improving service in remote communities.
In 2025, our planned capital spending was focused on our strategic priorities, reflecting an appropriate level of investment in our networks and services.
The CRTC’s decisions imposing an aggregated wholesale high speed access to FTTP facilities obligation, and, in particular, making Telus and Rogers
eligible to resell services on Bell Canada’s FTTP network have undermined Bell Canada’s incentives to invest in next-generation wireline networks. As a
direct result, Bell Canada has reduced its capital expenditures in Canada by $593 million in 2025 alone and by over $1.2 billion since the interim decision
relating to this matter in November 2023. Consequently, our near-term fibre build target of 8.3 million locations by the end of 2025 was not reached. At
December 31, 2025, our FTTP footprint covered approximately 8 million homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.
In addition to our Fibe Internet service, we offer Internet under the Virgin Plus brand for customers in Québec. This high-speed Internet service offers
existing Virgin Plus customers download speeds of up to 1 Gbps and upload speeds of up to 100 Mbps. The Virgin Plus brand is destandardized in
Ontario; however we maintain Internet service for existing Virgin Plus customers in that province.
Additionally, we continue to deploy our IPTV services in areas in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba where cable providers had long
been dominant. As of December 31, 2025, our IPTV services had the capacity to service approximately 9.9 million homes in major cities and
municipalities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.
24     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
On August 1, 2025, BCE announced the successful completion of its acquisition of Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest
of the United States for $5.0 billion in Canadian dollars ($3.65 billion in U.S. dollars) in cash, and the assumption of outstanding net debt of approximately
C$2.6 billion at closing. To accelerate expansion into the U.S. market, BCE and PSP Investments announced on May 8, 2025, the formation of Network
FiberCo, a long-term strategic partnership to accelerate the development of fibre infrastructure through Ziply Fiber in underserved markets in the United
States. Combined with the completion of the Ziply Fiber acquisition, this long-term strategic partnership will enable Bell to potentially reach up to 8 million
fibre locations in the U.S., reinforcing its position as the third-largest fibre Internet provider in North America.
Ziply Fiber provides wireline communication products and services over a combined fibre-based and copper-based network to residential, business and
wholesale customers in the U.S. Pacific Northwest. Wireline products and services consist of data (including broadband Internet with varying speeds and
value-added features, commercial ethernet, dedicated Internet-non-switched access and other data transport networking options) and voice (traditional
and VoIP voice services, including local, long-distance and UCaaS and Video (IPTV).

WTTP
WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless technology delivered over Bell’s wireless network using 3500 MHz spectrum to deliver high-speed Internet service to
residents in smaller and underserved communities. WTTP enables Bell’s WHI broadband service and complements its FTTP network.
In 2021, Bell completed the buildout of its WHI service in small towns and rural communities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
Manitoba, reaching its target of 1 million locations one year ahead of schedule. The accelerated rollout of its WHI service formed part of Bell’s capital
expenditure acceleration program, which provided for additional network funding in 2021 and 2022.
Bell delivers WHI service with 50/10 to a majority of customers. Innovation in WTTP complements Bell’s extensive broadband fibre buildout in urban
markets and our deployment of WTTP in rural locations underscores our focus on the full utilization of Bell’s assigned wireless spectrum resources.

DSL
We also offer DSL-based Internet service in areas where Fibe Internet and WHI are not available, with download speeds of up to 10 Mbps in Manitoba,
7 Mbps in Atlantic Canada and 5 Mbps in Ontario and Québec.

Satellite TV service
We provide satellite TV service nationwide under the Bell TV brand using satellites operated by Telesat Canada.


3.6 Employees
The table below shows the number of BCE employees at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

 Number of employees at December 31                                                              2025                         2024
 Bell CTS Canada                                                                              32,466                       35,426
 Bell Media                                                                                    4,525                        4,964
 Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                  1,692                       N/A(2)
 Total(1)                                                                                     38,683                       40,390
(1)       The total number of BCE employees at the end of 2025 declined by 1,707 from 40,390 at December 31, 2024 due to workforce reductions, natural attrition and retirements , partly offset by an increase in our employee base
          as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber made on August 1, 2025 and other small acquisitions made in the year.
(2)       Bell CTS U.S. was not a reportable segment of BCE until 2025 in connection with the completion of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber.


As of December 31, 2025, approximately 39% of BCE employees were represented by unions and covered by collective agreements.
The following collective agreements covering 250 or more employees were ratified in 2025:
      •   The collective agreement between TEAM and Bell MTS TEAM covering approximately 346 employees expired on February 19, 2025. A new
          collective agreement was ratified on October 6, 2025.
      •   The collective agreement between Unifor and Bell MTS Unifor covering approximately 316 employees expired on December 19, 2025. A new
          collective agreement was ratified on September 19, 2025.
                                                                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                    25
 •   The collective agreement between Unifor 723M Media and Bell Media CTV Specialties 723M covering approximately 381 employees expired on
     May 31, 2025. A new collective agreement was ratified on October 9, 2025.
 •   The collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Atlantic Craft and Clerical covering approximately 1,098 employees expired on December 31,
     2025. A new collective agreement was ratified on December 10, 2025, prior to expiry of the existing agreement.
 •   The collective agreement between IBEW and Northwestel covering approximately 298 employees expired on December 31, 2025. The collective
     agreement has not yet been ratified. A tentative agreement was reached on February 2, 2026; voting dates have not yet been scheduled.
The following collective agreements covering 250 or more employees will expire in 2026:
 •   The collective agreement between Unifor and BTS Craft Quebec covering approximately 1,642 employees expires on May 8, 2026. Negotiations
     commenced in the first quarter of 2026.
 •   The collective agreement between Unifor and BTS Craft Ontario covering approximately 2,526 employees expires on May 9, 2026. Negotiations
     commenced in the first quarter of 2026.
 •   The collective agreement between Unifor 79M Media and Bell CTV Agincourt covering approximately 487 employees expires on December 31, 2026.
     Negotiations are expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2026.
No collective agreements covering 250 or more employees have already expired at the time of this Annual Information Form.


3.7 Corporate responsibility
General
BCE has adopted a range of sustainability policies that are supported by various programs and initiatives. These policies address issues of importance to
our many stakeholders, including, but not limited to: preventing conflicts of interest; protecting company assets; safeguarding privacy and confidentiality;
treating clients, business partners, team members and competitors with respect and honesty; fostering a safe workplace; protecting the environment; and
responsible use of AI.
These BCE policies include, among others, the following:
 •   Code of Business Conduct
 •   Data Governance Policy
 •   Information Security Policy
 •   Privacy Policy
 •   Environmental Policy
 •   Supplier Code of Conduct
 •   Procurement Policy
 •   Political Contributions Policy
 •   Journalistic Independence Policy
 •   Mandatory Reporting of Internet Child Pornography
 •   Health & Safety Policy
 •   Employee Privacy Policy
 •   Mental Health Policy Statement
 •   Workplace Violence and Harassment Prevention Policy
 •   Community Investment Policy
 •   Human Rights and Accommodation Policy
 •   Indigenous Policy
 •   Responsible Artificial Intelligence Policy
Additional information regarding our corporate governance and risk management practices, as well as our corporate responsibility strategy and related
activities and outcomes, can be found in our integrated annual report available at bce.ca, as well as in section
26      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
1.5, Corporate governance and risk management and section 1.6, Capitals and our corporate responsibility, of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on pages 20 to 28 of
the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.

Environment
Our Environmental Policy, which is reviewed annually, contains principles ranging from exercising due diligence to meet requirements of environmental
legislation that applies to us, to preventing pollution and promoting cost-effective resource and waste minimization initiatives. We have instructed
subsidiaries subject to this policy to support these principles and have established an executive-level committee to oversee the implementation of the
policy. We monitor our operations to seek to ensure that we comply with our Environmental Policy and environmental requirements and standards.
Since 2009, Bell Canada has maintained an environmental management system certified to the ISO 14001 standard,. This certification covers Bell
Canada’s internal governance to ensure execution of the environmental management system associated with the development of policies and procedures
for the delivery of services by Bell Canada for business sectors network and broadband services (wireline, wireless, Internet, TV), cloud and data hosting,
broadcast services (radio, digital platform and TV) and connectivity and advertising technology and event promotion.
For the year ended December 31, 2025, we spent $16.1 million as expenses and $13.3 million as capital expenditures for environmental activities. For
2026, we have budgeted $15 million of expenses and $13 million of capital expenditures for environmental activities.
Additional information regarding our environmental activities can be found in section 1.6, Capitals and our corporate responsibility, of the BCE 2025
MD&A, on pages 23 to 28 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.


3.8 Competitive environment
A discussion of our competitive environment can be found in section 3.3, Principal business risks and the various subsections entitled Competitive
landscape and industry trends and Principal business risks, of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on pages 34 to 35, 55 to 58, 60 to 61, 63 to 64 and 66 of the BCE
2025 Annual Financial Report.
See also section 3.3, Competitive strengths, in this Annual Information Form for more information concerning our competitive position.


3.9 Regulatory environment
A discussion of certain legislation that governs our businesses, as well as government consultations and recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings
affecting us, can be found in section 8, Regulatory environment, of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on pages 84 to 90 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.
More information about the Canadian ownership restrictions on BCE’s common shares can be found in section 5.1, BCE securities, in this Annual
Information Form.



3.10 Intangible properties
Intellectual property
We use various works protected by intellectual property rights (IP Assets), which we own or for which we have been granted rights of use. These IP
Assets include, without limitation: brand names; trademarks such as names, designs and logos; copyrights of content, programs and musical works;
broadcast signals, software and applications; domain names; patents or patent applications for inventions owned or produced by us and our employees;
and various other copyright materials, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property owned or licensed by us. We derive value through the use of
these IP Assets in various business activities and they are important to our operations and our success. To protect these IP Assets, we rely on a
combination of legal protections afforded under copyright, trademark, patent and other intellectual property laws, as well as contractual provisions under
licensing arrangements.
In particular, the Bell brand plays a key role in product positioning. Our branding is straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a better
customer experience at every level. Our trademark rights are perpetual, provided that their
                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM    27
registrations are renewed on a timely basis when applicable and that the trademarks are used in commerce by us or our licensees. Other types of
intangible proprietary information are also important to our operations, such as customer lists.
We believe that we take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect, renew and defend our IP Assets, including prosecuting infringers, and we take
great care not to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. However, we cannot provide any assurance that the laws protecting intellectual
property in various jurisdictions are, or will continue to be, adequate to protect our IP Assets or that we will be successful in preventing or defending
claims by others asserting rights in or to our IP Assets, or enforcing their intellectual property rights.


Spectrum and broadcasting licences
Our intangible assets also include spectrum licences from ISED, which provide us with the right to utilize designated wireless spectrum to provide our
wireless services and broadcasting licences from the CRTC, which enable us to deliver Bell Media’s content to Canadians.
Our wireless spectrum licence holdings extend across various spectrum bands and regions across Canada, totalling more than 8.6 billion MHz-Pop,
corresponding to an average of approximately 234 MHz of spectrum per Canadian.(1) Prior to 2022, we deployed 600 MHz, 700 MHz, 2300 MHz, 2500
MHz, 1900 MHz, AWS and 850 MHz as part of our wireless networks. In 2022, we began deploying our 3500 MHz spectrum acquired in the 2021 auction.
In 2024, we began deploying our 3800 MHz spectrum acquired in the 2023 auction. We intend to renew existing licences to meet network capacity
requirements.
On November 30, 2023, Bell Mobility announced that it had secured the right to acquire 939 licences of 3800 MHz spectrum for 1.77 billion MHz-Pop for
$518 million. This acquisition will increase Bell’s total 3500 MHz and 3800 MHz spectrum holdings to 3.5 billion MHz-Pop, acquired at an average cost of
$0.79 per MHz-Pop. On January 17, 2024, Bell made a first payment of $104 million to ISED. The remaining balance of $414 million was paid on May 29,
2024, at which time Bell acquired the 3800 MHz spectrum licences.
Also, on February 6, 2026, ISED announced the provisional results of the 2026 Auction of Residual Spectrum Licences. Bell Mobility secured the right to
acquire 63 spectrum licences for $13.5 million or approximately $0.18 per MHz-Pop. The first payment of $2.7 million was due on February 20, 2026, and
the remaining $10.8 million is due on March 20, 2026.
Broadcasting licences issued by the CRTC are important to the success of our Bell Media segment, as they allow us to deliver radio and TV services in
the communities in which we operate. We seek to maintain and renew, as applicable, all such broadcasting licences required for our operations. Many of
our licences are set for a five-year term and reviewed by the CRTC under a group licence approach. While we expect to continually renew our licences,
the terms under which they are provided may change from one licence term to another.




(1) Based on 2021 population census data in line with new ISED standard.


28         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
4          General development of our business –
           three-year history
This section contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, relating to the proposed disposition of Northwestel, the expected timing and
completion thereof, the intended use by Bell Canada of the proceeds from the proposed disposition and the planned continuation of a Bell Canada
partnership with Northwestel beyond transaction close, and our objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to section 1, Caution regarding forward-
looking statements, in this Annual Information Form.
Since 2023, we have entered into or announced transactions and implemented various business strategies and corporate initiatives that have
influenced the general development of our business. During this period, our regulatory environment has also influenced the general
development of our business. The principal transactions, regulatory developments, business strategies and corporate initiatives that have
influenced the general development of our business during the last three completed financial years are discussed below.


4.1 Transactions
Proposed disposition of Northwestel
In June 2024, Bell Canada entered into an agreement for the disposition of Northwestel to Sixty North Unity, a consortium of Indigenous communities
from the Yukon, the Northwest Territories and Nunavut, for up to $1 billion, subject to adjustments. We previously expected this transaction to close in
2025 and we continue to work with Sixty North Unity to close the transaction in 2026. The transaction remains subject to certain closing conditions,
including securing financing by Sixty North Unity and, as such, there can be no assurance that the transaction will ultimately be consummated. The
results of Northwestel are included in our Bell CTS Canada segment.


Key completed transactions
We have concluded a number of transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, partnerships and investments, since 2023. More information with
respect to the most significant of these transactions is provided in the table below.
 Transaction                         Key characteristics
 Acquisition of Ziply Fiber (2025)    • On August 1, 2025, BCE announced the successful completion of its acquisition of Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider
                                        in the Pacific Northwest of the United States for cash consideration of $3.64 billion in U.S. dollars ($5.01 billion in Canadian
                                        dollars), and the assumption of outstanding net debt of approximately C$2.6 billion at closing. To accelerate expansion into the
                                        U.S. market, BCE and PSP Investments announced on May 8, 2025 the formation of Network FiberCo, a long-term strategic
                                        partnership to accelerate the development of fibre infrastructure through Ziply Fiber, in underserved markets in the United States.
                                        Combined with the completion of the Ziply Fiber acquisition, this long-term strategic partnership will enable Bell to potentially
                                        reach up to 8 million fibre locations in the U.S., reinforcing its position as the third-largest fibre Internet provider in North America.
                                        The results of Ziply Fiber are included in our Bell CTS U.S. segment.
 Disposition of stake in MLSE         • On July 1, 2025, BCE concluded the sale of its ownership stake in Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment to Rogers
 (2025)                                 Communications Inc. for $4.7 billion ($4.2 billion net of taxes), following all regulatory and sports league approvals. As part of the
                                        transaction and BCE’s focus on building a digital media and content powerhouse, Bell Media has secured access to content rights
                                        for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors on TSN through the 2043/2044 season through a long-term agreement with
                                        Rogers Communications Inc., subject to league approvals.
 Disposition of home security and     • In Q2 2025, BCE entered into an agreement to sell substantially all of its home security and monitored alarm assets to a.p.i.
 monitored alarm assets (2025)          ALARM Inc. as part of its ongoing strategy to focus on its core telecommunications, enterprise solutions and media businesses.
                                        On October 1, 2025, BCE completed the disposition for $170 million.
 Acquisition of Stratejm (2024)       • On July 2, 2024, Bell Canada acquired Stratejm for cash consideration of $78 million ($73 million net of cash acquired) and
                                        $17 million of estimated additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. This
                                        contingent consideration is expected to be settled by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is $20 million. Stratejm leverages
                                        AI through end-to-end Security-as-a-Service solutions, real-time threat detection and response, and streamlining incident
                                        management processes. The results of Stratejm are included in our Bell CTS Canada segment.

                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM         29
 Transaction                          Key characteristics
 Acquisition of Canadian OOH           • On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.’s Canadian OOH media business, OUTEDGE,
 media business of OUTFRONT              for cash consideration of $429 million ($418 million net of cash acquired). The acquisition of OUTEDGE is expected to support
 Media Inc. (2024)                       Bell Media’s digital media strategy and to deliver multi-channel marketing solutions across Canada. The results of OUTEDGE are
                                         included in our Bell Media segment. Pursuant to a consent agreement negotiated with the Competition Bureau, Bell Media was
                                         required to dispose of 669 OUTEDGE advertising displays in Québec and Ontario. On April 2, 2025, we concluded the sale of
                                         these advertising displays for proceeds of $14 million.
 Strategic partnership with Best       • In 2024, Bell announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 167 The Source consumer electronics retail
 Buy Canada (2024)                       stores in Canada, which have been rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy
                                         along with exclusive telecommunications services from Bell. The first Best Buy Express was opened in Guildford Town Centre,
                                         Surrey, British Columbia on June 26, 2024. In addition, in 2024, Bell wound down The Source head office and back office
                                         operations, as well as closed 107 The Source stores.
 Acquisition of FX Innovation          • On June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-focused managed and professional services
 (2023)                                  and workflow automation solutions for business clients, for cash consideration of $157 million ($156 million net of cash acquired),
                                         of which $12 million is payable within two years, and an estimated $6 million of additional cash consideration contingent on the
                                         achievement of certain performance objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be settled by 2027 and the maximum
                                         amount payable is $7 million. Contingent consideration is estimated to be $2 million at December 31, 2025. The acquisition of FX
                                         Innovation aims to position Bell as a technology services leader for our enterprise customers. The results of FX Innovation are
                                         included in our Bell CTS Canada segment.
 Disposition of production studios     • On May 3, 2023, Bell Media completed the sale of its 63% ownership in certain production studios, which were included in our
 (2023)                                  Bell Media segment. We received net cash proceeds of $211 million and recorded a gain on investment of $79 million (before tax
                                         expense of $17 million).

Acquisition of wireless spectrum
On November 30, 2023, Bell Mobility announced that it had secured the right to acquire 939 licences of 3800 MHz spectrum for 1.77 billion MHz-Pop for
$518 million. This acquisition will increase Bell’s total 3500 MHz and 3800 MHz spectrum holdings to 3.5 billion MHz-Pop, acquired at an average cost of
$0.79 per MHz-Pop. On January 17, 2024, Bell made a first payment of $104 million to ISED. The remaining balance of $414 million was paid on May 29,
2024, at which time Bell acquired the 3800 MHz spectrum licences.
Also, on February 6, 2026, ISED announced the provisional results of the 2026 Auction of Residual Spectrum Licences. Bell Mobility secured the right to
acquire 63 spectrum licences for $13.5 million or approximately $0.18 per MHz-Pop. The first payment of $2.7 million was due on February 20, 2026, and
the remaining $10.8 million is due on March 20, 2026.


Normal course issuer bid for BCE preferred shares
On November 2, 2023, BCE announced the renewal of its existing normal course issuer bid (2023 NCIB), which extended from November 9, 2023 to
November 8, 2024. BCE repurchased and cancelled an aggregate of 5,599,285 Preferred Shares under the 2023 NCIB. On November 7, 2024, BCE
announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (2024 NCIB), which extended from November 11, 2024 to November 10, 2025. BCE repurchased
and cancelled an aggregate of 9,990,200 Preferred Shares under the 2024 NCIB. On November 6, 2025, BCE announced the renewal of its normal
course issuer bid (2025 NCIB), which will extend from November 11, 2025 to November 10, 2026, or an earlier date should BCE complete its purchases
under the 2025 NCIB.
BCE initiated the 2025 NCIB because it believed that, from time to time, the first preferred shares may trade in price ranges that do not fully reflect their
value. BCE believes that, in such circumstances, the repurchase of its first preferred shares represents an appropriate use of its available funds.
The actual number of first preferred shares to be repurchased under the 2025 NCIB and the timing of such repurchases will be at BCE’s discretion and
shall be subject to the limitations set out by the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). The 2025 NCIB may be conducted through the facilities of the TSX as
well as alternative trading systems in Canada, if eligible, or by such other means as may be permitted by securities regulatory authorities. At
December 31, 2025, BCE had repurchased and cancelled 903,000 first preferred shares under the 2025 NCIB.
30     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
4.2 Corporate developments
Refer to the sections of the BCE 2023 MD&A and BCE 2024 MD&A, contained in the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report and BCE 2024 Annual
Financial Report, respectively, indicated in the table below for a discussion of various business strategies and corporate initiatives implemented, and
other actions taken, in the financial years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 that have influenced the general development of our
business in 2023 and 2024. Refer to the sections of the BCE 2025 MD&A, contained in the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report, indicated in the table
below for a discussion of various business strategies and corporate initiatives implemented and other actions taken, in the financial year ended
December 31, 2025, that have influenced the general development of our business in 2025, and the priorities we intend to focus on in 2026.

MD&A                  Section references
BCE 2023 MD&A
                      Section 1.3          Key corporate developments
                      Section 1.4          Capital markets strategy
                      Section 2            Strategic imperatives – 2023 progress for each strategic imperative
                      Section 2            Strategic imperatives – 2024 focus for each strategic imperative
BCE 2024 MD&A
                      Section 1.3          Key corporate developments
                      Section 1.4          Capital markets strategy
                      Section 2            Strategic imperatives – 2024 progress for each strategic imperative
                      Section 2            Strategic imperatives – 2025 focus for each strategic imperative
BCE 2025 MD&A
                      Section 1.3          Key corporate developments
                      Section 1.4          Capital allocation strategy
                      Section 2            Strategic priorities – 2025 progress for each strategic priority
                      Section 2            Strategic priorities – 2026 focus for each strategic priority




4.3 Regulatory environment
During the past three financial years, the general development of our business has been affected, and will continue to be affected, by decisions made by
the Government of Canada and its relevant departments and agencies, including the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition Bureau.
Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies and departments such as those mentioned above continue to play a
significant role in regulatory matters such as establishing and modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition
of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and
cybersecurity obligations and control of copyright piracy. Refer to section 8, Regulatory environment, of the BCE 2023 MD&A, BCE 2024 MD&A and BCE
2025 MD&A contained in the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report, BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report and BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report,
respectively, for a discussion of the regulatory initiatives and proceedings that influenced, in the financial years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
2025, and may in the future influence, the general development of our business.
                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   31
5          Our capital structure
This section describes BCE’s and Bell Canada’s securities, the trading of certain of such securities on the TSX and the ratings that certain
rating agencies have attributed to BCE’s first preferred shares and Bell Canada’s debt securities that are issued and outstanding.


5.1 BCE securities
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number of common shares, an unlimited number of first preferred shares issuable
in series, an unlimited number of second preferred shares also issuable in series and an unlimited number of Class B shares. As at March 5, 2026, BCE
had no Class B shares or second preferred shares outstanding.
Each common share entitles its holder to one vote at any meeting of shareholders. Additional information about the terms and conditions of the BCE
preferred shares, common shares and Class B shares can be found in Note 31, Share capital, of the BCE 2025 consolidated financial statements, on
pages 166 to 167 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.
Since 1993, the Telecommunications Act and associated regulations (Telecom Regulations) have governed Canadian ownership and control of Canadian
telecommunications carriers. Bell Canada and other affiliates of BCE that are Canadian carriers are subject to this Act. In 2012, amendments to the
Telecommunications Act largely eliminated the foreign ownership restrictions for any carrier that, with its affiliates, has annual revenues from the provision
of telecommunications services in Canada that represent less than 10% of the total annual revenues from the provision of these services in Canada, as
determined by the CRTC. However, given that Bell Canada and its affiliates exceed this 10% threshold, they remain subject to the pre-existing Canadian
ownership and control restrictions, which are detailed below.
Under the Telecommunications Act, in order for a corporation that exceeds the 10% threshold mentioned above to operate as a Canadian common
carrier, the following conditions have to be met:
 •   Canadians own at least 80% of its voting shares;
 •   at least 80% of the members of the carrier company’s board of directors are Canadian; and
 •   the carrier company must not be controlled by non-Canadians.
In addition, where a parent company (Carrier holding company) owns at least 66 2/3% of the voting shares of the carrier company (subject to ownership
rules), the Carrier holding company must have at least 66 2/3% of its voting shares owned by Canadians and must not be controlled by non-Canadians.
BCE is a Carrier holding company. The Telecom Regulations give certain powers to the CRTC and to Canadian carriers and Carrier holding companies to
monitor and control the level of non-Canadian ownership of voting shares to ensure compliance with the Telecommunications Act. Accordingly, BCE,
which controls Bell Canada and other Canadian carriers, must satisfy the following conditions:
 •   Canadians own at least 66 2/3% of its voting shares; and
 •   it is not controlled by non-Canadians.
The powers under the Telecom Regulations include the right to:
 •   suspend the voting rights attached to shares considered to be owned or controlled by non-Canadians;
 •   refuse to register a transfer of voting shares to a non-Canadian; and
 •   force a non-Canadian to sell the non-Canadian’s voting shares.
However, in our case, there is an additional control restriction under the Bell Canada Act. Prior approval by the CRTC is necessary for any sale or other
disposal of Bell Canada’s voting shares unless BCE retains at least 80% of all Bell Canada voting shares.
Similarly, the Canadian ownership rules under the Broadcasting Act for broadcasting licensees, such as Bell Media and Bell Canada, generally mirror the
rules for Canadian-owned and -controlled common carriers under the Telecommunications Act by restricting allowable foreign investments in voting
shares at the licensee operating company level to a maximum of 20% and at the holding company level to a maximum of 33 1/3%. An additional
requirement under these Canadian broadcasting ownership rules is that the chief executive officer of a company that is a licensed broadcasting
undertaking must be a Canadian citizen or permanent resident
32      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
of Canada. The CRTC is precluded under a direction issued under the Broadcasting Act from issuing, amending or renewing a broadcasting licence of an
applicant that does not satisfy these Canadian ownership and control criteria.
Cultural concerns over increased foreign control of broadcasting activities also require broadcasting licensees to establish programming committees when
foreign investment in their holding company, while within permissible limits, exceeds 20%. In line with CRTC practice, programming committees have
been established within the relevant subsidiary licensees, thereby allowing foreign investment in voting shares of BCE to reach the maximum of 33 1/3%.
We monitor the level of non-Canadian ownership of BCE’s common shares by obtaining data on: (i) registered shareholders from our transfer agent and
registrar, TSX Trust Company, and (ii) beneficial shareholders from the Canadian Depository for Securities (CDS) and the Depository Trust Company
(DTC) in the U.S. We also provide periodic reports to the CRTC.
As of March 5, 2026, BCE had no debt securities outstanding.


5.2 Bell Canada debt securities
Bell Canada long-term debt securities
As at December 31, 2025, Bell Canada had issued or assumed long-term debt securities as summarized in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                             Weighted                                                    At
                                                                                                                                                              average                                   December 31, 2025
 Debt securities                                                                                                                                          interest rate                   Maturity          (in $ millions)
 1997 trust indenture                                                                                                                                           4.42 %                 2026-2055                        17,502
 1976 trust indenture                                                                                                                                           9.38 %                 2027-2054                            975
 1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                                                                                            8.21 %                 2026-2031                            275
 2016 U.S. trust indenture(1)                                                                                                                                   4.37 %                 2032-2054                         7,840
 2025 U.S. subordinated indenture(2)                                                                                                                            6.94 %                        2055                       3,088
 2025 Canadian subordinated indenture                                                                                                                           5.63 %                        2055                       1,250
 Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                  30,930
(1) As at December 31, 2025, Bell Canada had issued notes under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture for an aggregate amount of $5.706 million in U.S. dollars which have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross
  currency interest rate swaps.
(2) As at December 31, 2025, Bell Canada had issued notes under the 2025 U.S. subordinated indenture for an aggregate amount of $2,250 million in U.S. dollars which have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross
  currency interest rate swaps.

The Bell Canada long-term debt securities are unsecured and have been guaranteed by BCE. Additional information about the terms and conditions of
the Bell Canada long-term debt securities can be found in Note 26, Long-term debt, of the BCE 2025 consolidated financial statements on pages 154 to
156 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report.
Under its short form base shelf prospectus dated March 7, 2022 (2022 Shelf Prospectus), Bell Canada was permitted to issue unsecured debt securities
from time to time over a 25-month period. In addition, under its prospectus supplement dated May 19, 2022 (2022 Prospectus Supplement), Bell Canada
was permitted to issue unsecured Medium Term Notes (MTN) debentures under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus.
On February 9, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.5 billion principal amount of MTN
debentures in two series. The $1.05 billion 4.55% MTN debentures, Series M-58, were issued at a price of $99.787 per $100 principal amount, to mature
on February 9, 2030. The $450 million 5.15% MTN debentures, Series M-59, were issued at a price of $99.500 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
February 9, 2053. The net proceeds of the offerings were used to repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
On May 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated May 8, 2023, US$850 million (C$1,138
million) principal amount of 5.100% Series US-8 Notes, at a price of US$99.930 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on May 11, 2033. The net
proceeds of the offering were used to repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
On August 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.0 billion principal amount of MTN
debentures in two series. The $600 million 5.15% MTN debentures, Series M-60, were issued at a price of $99.917 per $100 principal amount, to mature
on November 14, 2028. The $400 million 5.60% MTN debentures, Series M-61, were issued at a price of $99.726 per $100 principal amount, to mature
on August 11, 2053. The net proceeds of the offerings were used to repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
                                                                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                    33
On November 14, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.0 billion principal amount of MTN
debentures in two series. The $300 million 5.85% MTN debentures, Series M-57, which were issued pursuant to a re-opening of an existing series of
MTN debentures, were issued at a price of $101.232 per $100 principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest from and including November 10, 2023
to but excluding November 14, 2023, to mature on November 10, 2032. The $700 million 5.25% MTN debentures, Series M-62, were issued at a price of
$99.897 per $100 principal amount, to mature on March 15, 2029. The net proceeds of the offering were used to fund the repayment at maturity of Bell
Canada’s $1.0 billion principal amount of 2.70% MTN debentures, Series M-44, due February 2024.
On February 15, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated February 12, 2024, US$1.45 billion
(C$1.95 billion) aggregate principal amount of notes in two series. The US$700 million (C$942 million) 5.200% Series US-9 Notes were issued at a price
of US$99.823 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on February 15, 2034. The US$750 million (C$1,009 million) 5.550% Series US-10 Notes were
issued at a price of US$99.869 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on February 15, 2054. The net proceeds of the offering were used for the
repayment at maturity of Bell Canada’s US$600 million Series US-3 Notes due March 17, 2024, to fund the remaining payment for the 3800 MHz
spectrum licences and for other general corporate purposes.
Under its short form base shelf prospectus dated May 9, 2024 (2024 Shelf Prospectus), Bell Canada is permitted to issue unsecured debt securities from
time to time over a 25-month period. In addition, under its prospectus supplement dated May 16, 2024 (2024 Prospectus Supplement), Bell Canada is
permitted to issue unsecured MTN debentures under the 2024 Shelf Prospectus.
On May 24, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under the 2024 Shelf Prospectus and the 2024 Prospectus Supplement, $1.5 billion principal amount of MTN
debentures in two series. The $400 million 5.60% MTN debentures, Series M-61, were issued at a price of $101.936 per $100 principal amount, to mature
on August 11, 2053. The $1.1 billion 5.15% MTN debentures, Series M-63, were issued at a price of $99.646 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
August 24, 2034. The net proceeds of the offering were used to fund the repayment at maturity of Bell Canada’s $600 million Series M-49 MTN
debentures due January 29, 2025 and to fund the repayment at maturity of part of Bell Canada’s $1,500 million Series M-47 MTN debentures due
March 12, 2025 and for general corporate purposes.
On February 6, 2025, Bell Canada amended and restated its 2024 Shelf Prospectus (the 2024 Amended Shelf Prospectus) to, among other things,
amend the description and characteristics of the Debt Securities that may be issued thereunder so as to provide for the issuance of subordinated
(including junior subordinated) debt securities in Canada and the U.S., under one or more new trust indentures.
On February 18, 2025, Bell Canada issued, under the 2024 Amended Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated February 12, 2025,
US$2.25 billion (C$3.187 billion) aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes in two series: 1) US$1 billion (C$1.416
billion) of 6.875% Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series A due 2055 (the Series A Notes); and 2) US$1.25 billion (C$1.771 billion) of
Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series B due 2055 (the Series B Notes). The Series A Notes will initially bear interest at an annual rate of
6.875% and reset every five years, starting on September 15, 2030, at an annual rate equal to the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.390%,
provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 6.875%, which mature on September 15, 2055. The Series B Notes
will initially bear interest at an annual rate of 7.000% and reset every five years, starting on September 15, 2035 at an annual rate equal to the five-year
U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.363%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 7.000%, which mature
on September 15, 2055. Bell Canada may redeem either series of the Series A Notes or Series B Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to
100% of the principal amount commencing on the applicable first reset dates. The net proceeds of the offering were used to repurchase, redeem or repay,
as applicable, Bell Canada’s senior indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes.
On March 27, 2025, Bell Canada issued, under the 2024 Amended Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated March 20, 2025, $1.25 billion
aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series C due 2055 (the Series C Notes). The Series C Junior
Subordinated Notes will initially bear interest at an annual rate of 5.625% and reset every five years, starting on March 27, 2030, at an annual rate equal
to the five-year Government of Canada yield plus a spread of 2.950%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset
below 5.625%, which mature on March 27, 2055. Bell Canada may redeem the Series C Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100%
of the principal amount commencing on the first reset date. The net proceeds of the offering were used to repurchase, redeem or repay, as applicable,
Bell Canada’s senior indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes.
On March 27, 2025, Bell Canada repurchased, pursuant to tender offers: (i) a principal amount of $174 million in U.S. dollars ($249 million in Canadian
dollars) of its 4.300% Series US-2 Notes, that had an outstanding principal amount of $600 million in U.S. dollars
34     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
($856 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on July 29, 2049; (ii) a principal amount of $79 million in U.S. dollars ($112 million in Canadian dollars) of
its 3.650% Series US-4 Notes, that had an outstanding principal amount of $500 million in U.S. dollars ($713 million in Canadian dollars), which mature
on March 17, 2051; (iii) a principal amount of $183 million in U.S. dollars ($261 million in Canadian dollars) of its 2.150% Series US-5 Notes, that had an
outstanding principal amount of $600 million in U.S. dollars ($856 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2032; (iv) a principal amount
of $191 million in U.S. dollars ($273 million in Canadian dollars) of its 3.200% Series US-6 Notes, that had an outstanding principal amount of
$650 million in U.S. dollars ($927 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2052; and (v) a principal amount of $217 million in U.S.
dollars ($310 million in Canadian dollars) of its 3.650% Series US-7 Notes, that had an outstanding principal amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars
($1,070 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on August 15, 2052, for an aggregate cash purchase price of $633 million in U.S. dollars ($903 million
in Canadian dollars). In addition, on the same date, Bell Canada repurchased, pursuant to a tender offer, a principal amount of $1,131 million of its 3.50%
Series M-51 MTN debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $1,250 million, which mature on September 30, 2050, for a cash purchase
price of $896 million.
On June 12, 2025, Bell Canada repurchased, pursuant to tender offers: (i) a principal amount of $105 million of its 4.35% Series M-39 MTN debentures,
that had an outstanding principal amount of $500 million, which mature on December 18, 2045; (ii) a principal amount of $100 million of its 4.45% Series
M-45 MTN debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $500 million, which mature on February 27, 2047; (iii) a principal amount of
$35 million of its 3.50% Series M-51 MTN debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $119 million, which mature on September 30, 2050;
and (iv) a principal amount of $460 million of its 4.05% Series M-55 MTN debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $550 million, which
mature on March 17, 2051, for an aggregate cash purchase price of $602 million.
On August 14, 2025, Bell Canada issued, under the 2024 Shelf Prospectus and the 2024 Prospectus Supplement, $2 billion principal amount of MTN
debentures in four series. The $400 million 3.65% MTN debentures, Series M-64, were issued at a price of $99.956 per $100 principal amount, to mature
on August 14, 2029. The $500 million 4.30% MTN debentures, Series M-65, were issued at a price of $99.816 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
March 14, 2033. The $600 million 4.70% MTN debentures, Series M-66, were issued at a price of $99.747 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
March 14, 2036. The $500 million 5.25% MTN debentures, Series M-67, were issued at a price of $99.476 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
August 14, 2055. The net proceeds of the offering were used towards the repayment and/or redemption of debt securities issued by Ziply Fiber or any
subsidiary thereof and general corporate purposes.
On August 19, 2025, Bell Canada repurchased, in the open market, a principal amount of $7 million of its 4.05% Series M-55 MTN debentures, that had
an outstanding principal amount of $90 million, which mature on March 17, 2051, for a cash purchase price of $6 million.
On August 28, 2025, Bell Canada announced that it has completed the redemption, prior to maturity, of all of Ziply Fiber’s outstanding debt securities
having an aggregate principal amount of approximately $1.96 billion in U.S. dollars ($2.7 billion in Canadian dollars). Ziply Fiber’s outstanding debt
securities consisted of approximately $1,594 million in U.S. dollars ($2,192 million in Canadian dollars) principal amount of Secured Fiber Network
Revenue Term Notes (Term Notes) and $367 million in U.S. dollars ($509 million in Canadian dollars) principal amount of Secured Fiber Network
Revenue Funding Notes (Funding Notes). The Term Notes were redeemed on August 28, 2025 for an aggregate redemption price of approximately
$1,672 million in U.S. dollars ($2,300 million in Canadian dollars), consisting of the principal amount outstanding, all accrued and unpaid interest and the
prepayment consideration. An aggregate amount of $367 million in U.S. dollars ($509 million in Canadian dollars) of Funding Notes was repaid on
August 20, 2025, consisting of the total principal amount outstanding.
On February 12, 2026, Bell Canada issued, under the 2024 Amended Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated February 9, 2026,
$750 million principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series D due 2056 (Series D Notes), which initially bear interest at an
annual rate of 5.375% and reset every five years, starting on May 12, 2031, at an annual rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada yield plus a
spread of 2.388%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 5.375%, which mature on May 12, 2056.
Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued, under the 2024 Amended Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated February 9, 2026,
$750 million principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series E (Series E Notes), which initially bear interest at an annual rate
of 5.875% and reset every five years starting on May 12, 2036 at an annual rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada yield plus a spread of
2.440%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 5.875%, which mature on May 12, 2056. Bell Canada may
redeem either of the Series D Notes or Series E Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount commencing on
the applicable first reset dates. The net proceeds of the offering are intended
                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   35
to be used to repurchase, redeem or repay, as applicable, senior or subordinated indebtedness of Bell Canada and for other general corporate purposes.
As at March 5, 2026, Bell Canada had issued $7.589 billion principal amount of debt securities under its 2022 Shelf Prospectus and approximately
$9.437 billion principal amount of debt securities under its 2024 Amended Shelf Prospectus.
Bell Canada is required, under certain conditions, to make an offer to repurchase all or, at the option of the holder thereof, any part of certain series of its
debt securities upon the occurrence of both a “Change of Control” of BCE or Bell Canada and a “Rating Event” relating to the relevant series of debt
securities, as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant series of debt securities or in the relevant trust indenture, as applicable (the Repurchase
upon Change of Control Triggering Event).


Bell Canada commercial paper
Bell Canada may issue short-term notes (CP Notes) under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate principal
amount of $3.0 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such aggregate principal amount of CP Notes exceed $3.5 billion
in Canadian currency. The sale of CP Notes pursuant to Bell Canada’s separate Canadian or U.S. program decreases the Canadian or US$3.0 billion
maximum principal amount of CP Notes authorized to be outstanding at any time under both programs, with one Canadian dollar being treated as equal
to one U.S. dollar for purposes of this limitation. As at March 5, 2026, Bell Canada had CP Notes outstanding under its U.S. program in the principal
amount of US$1,892 million (C$2,611 million when taking into account hedges with forward currency contracts against foreign currency fluctuations). As
at the same date, no CP Notes were outstanding under Bell Canada’s Canadian program.


5.3 Credit ratings
Ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay interest or dividends on issued and outstanding securities.
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit
market. Our ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available partly depend on our assigned credit ratings at the time capital is
raised. Investment grade credit ratings usually mean that when we borrow money, we can obtain lower interest rates than companies that have ratings
lower than investment grade. Credit ratings are subject to change based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, our financial strength,
competitive position, liquidity and other factors that are not completely within our control. There is no assurance that we will maintain our current credit
ratings and a ratings downgrade could result in adverse consequences for our funding cost and capacity, and our ability to access the capital markets, the
money market and/or bank credit market.
As of March 5, 2026, BCE’s preferred shares are rated by DBRS Limited (DBRS) and S&P Global Ratings Canada, a business unit of S&P Global
Canada Corp. (S&P), and Bell Canada’s debt securities are rated by DBRS, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and S&P.
This section describes the credit ratings, as of March 5, 2026, for certain of the issued and outstanding securities of BCE and Bell Canada. These ratings
provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of an issue of securities. However, they are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold
any of the securities referred to below, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the
rating agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor.
Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.
In the past two years, we have paid rating agencies to assign ratings to BCE’s preferred shares, as well as to Bell Canada’s short-term and long-term
debt securities. The fees paid to DBRS, Moody’s and S&P include access to some or all of their websites. In addition, we paid DBRS for services
provided in connection with Bell Canada’s securitization program.
On August 30, 2024, Moody’s downgraded Bell Canada’s issuer rating to Baa2 from Baa1, its senior (unsubordinated) long-term debt rating to Baa2 from
Baa1 and its subordinated long-term debt rating to Baa3 from Baa2. Bell Canada’s commercial paper rating was affirmed at P-2. In addition, Moody’s
downgraded BCE’s issuer rating to Baa3 from Baa2. The outlook associated with the Moody’s ratings was changed to stable from negative. The
downgrades were principally as a result of ongoing debt leverage above Moody’s thresholds for the prior ratings. All of these new ratings on Bell
Canada’s unsubordinated and subordinated debt remain investment grade according to Moody’s rating scale with Moody’s Baa3 rating representing its
last investment grade rating rank.
36     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
On September 12, 2024, S&P downgraded the issuer-credit ratings on BCE and its subsidiaries to BBB from BBB+. At the same time, S&P lowered Bell
Canada’s senior (unsubordinated) long-term debt rating to BBB from BBB+ and its subordinated long-term debt rating to BBB- from BBB. Although Bell
Canada’s commercial paper rating was affirmed at A-2 on a Global scale, it was downgraded to A-2 from A-1 (Low) on a Canadian national scale. S&P
also lowered the ratings on BCE’s preferred shares to P3 (High) from P2 (Low), on a Canadian national scale, and to BB+ from BBB-, on a Global scale.
The outlook associated with the S&P ratings was changed to stable from negative. The downgrades were principally as a result of ongoing debt leverage
above S&P’s thresholds for the prior ratings. All of these new ratings on Bell Canada’s senior (unsubordinated) and subordinated debt remain investment
grade according to S&P’s rating scale with S&P’s BBB- rating representing its last investment grade rating rank. Notwithstanding that preferred shares are
not debt or credit instruments, the new P3 (High) and BB+ ratings on BCE’s preferred shares are considered below an investment grade rating on S&P’s
rating scale.
On November 5, 2024, DBRS placed all its credit ratings on BCE and Bell Canada Under Review with Negative Implications following BCE’s
announcement of a definitive agreement to acquire Ziply Fiber.
On February 18, 2025 and March 27, 2025, Bell Canada issued the Series A Notes, the Series B Notes and the Series C Notes. The Series A Notes,
Series B Notes and Series C Notes are direct and unsecured junior subordinated debt obligations of Bell Canada and, accordingly, are subordinated in
right of payment to all present and future indebtedness of Bell Canada (other than indebtedness which by its terms ranks equally with or subordinate to
the Series A Notes, Series B Notes and Series C Notes), including being subordinated to Bell Canada’s subordinated long-term debt issued under its
1996 subordinated trust indenture. DBRS, Moody’s and S&P have assigned ratings of BBB (low), Baa3 and BB+, respectively, to the Series A Notes,
Series B Notes and Series C Notes. DBRS’ BBB (low) rating and Moody’s Baa3 rating represent the lowest investment grade ratings according to their
respective rating scales. However, S&P’s BB+ rating is considered the highest rating below an investment grade rating on S&P’s rating scale. Additionally,
the DBRS rating on the Series A Notes, Series B Notes and Series C Notes is also “Under Review with Negative Implications”.
On May 8, 2025, S&P revised its outlook on BCE and Bell Canada to negative from stable principally as a result of ongoing debt leverage above S&P’s
thresholds for the current ratings. However, S&P affirmed all of BCE’s and Bell Canada’s existing ratings.
On May 16, 2025, DBRS downgraded Bell Canada’s issuer rating to BBB from BBB (high), its senior (unsubordinated) long-term debt rating to BBB from
BBB (high), its subordinated long-term debt rating to BB (high) from BBB (low), its junior subordinated long-term debt rating to BB (high) from BBB (low)
and its commercial paper rating to R-2 (middle) from R-2 (high). In addition, DBRS downgraded BCE’s issuer rating to BBB (low) from BBB. BCE’s
preferred shares rating was confirmed at Pfd-3. Consequently, DBRS removed the credit ratings from “Under Review with Negative Implications”, where
they were placed on November 5, 2024. The outlook associated with the DBRS ratings is stable. The downgrades were principally as a result of ongoing
debt leverage above DBRS’ thresholds for the prior ratings. All of the new ratings on Bell Canada’s senior (unsubordinated) long-term debt and
commercial paper remain investment grade according to DBRS’ rating scale with DBRS’ BBB (low) rating representing its last investment grade rating
rank for long-term debt and DBRS’ R-2 (low) rating representing its last investment grade rating rank for short-term debt. The new BB (high) rating for Bell
Canada’s subordinated long-term debt and junior subordinated long-term debt is considered the highest rating below an investment grade rating on
DBRS’ rating scale.


Ratings for BCE and Bell Canada securities
Ratings for Bell Canada short-term debt securities
Short-term debt securities                                                                Rating agency    Rating                         Rank
 Bell Canada commercial paper                                                                     DBRS     R-2 (middle)                   5 out of 10
                                                                                                Moody’s    P-2                            2 out of 4
                                                                                                   S&P     A-2 (Canadian scale)           4 out of 8
                                                                                                           A-2 (Global scale)             3 out of 7

                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   37
Ratings for Bell Canada long-term debt securities
 Long-term debt securities                                                           Rating agency   Rating                        Rank
 Bell Canada senior (unsubordinated) long-term debt securities                              DBRS     BBB                           9 out of 26
                                                                                          Moody’s    Baa2                          9 out of 21
                                                                                             S&P     BBB                           9 out of 22
 Bell Canada subordinated long-term debt securities                                         DBRS     BB (high)                     11 out of 26
                                                                                          Moody’s    Baa3                          10 out of 21
                                                                                             S&P     BBB-                          10 out of 22
 Bell Canada junior subordinated long-term debt securities                                  DBRS     BB (high)                     11 out of 26
                                                                                          Moody’s    Baa3                          10 out of 21
                                                                                             S&P     BB+                           11 out of 22


Ratings for BCE preferred shares
 Preferred shares                                                                    Rating agency   Rating                        Rank
 BCE preferred shares                                                                       DBRS     Pfd-3                         8 out of 16
                                                                                             S&P     P-3 (high) (Canadian scale)   7 out of 18
                                                                                                     BB+ (Global scale)            9 out of 20

As of March 5, 2026, BCE and Bell Canada’s credit ratings have stable outlooks from Moody’s and DBRS and a negative outlook from S&P.
38      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Explanation of rating categories received for our securities
The following explanations of the rating categories received for our securities have been published by the applicable rating agencies. The explanations
and corresponding rating categories provided below are subject to change by the applicable rating agencies.

Rating      Description           Rating                 Explanation of
agency      of securities         category               rating category received
DBRS        Short-term debt       R-2 (middle)           adequate credit quality
                                                         capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations as they fall due is acceptable
                                                         may be vulnerable to future events or may be exposed to other factors that could reduce credit quality
            Long-term debt        BBB                    adequate credit quality
                                                         capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable
                                                         may be vulnerable to future events
            Long-term             BB (high)              speculative, non-investment grade credit quality
            subordinated and
            junior subordinated                          capacity for the payment of financial obligations is uncertain. Vulnerable to future events
            debt
            Preferred shares      Pfd-3                  adequate credit quality
                                                         protection of dividends and principal is still considered acceptable, but the company is more susceptible to
                                                         adverse changes in financial and economic conditions, and there may be other adverse conditions present
                                                         which detract from debt protection. Generally, companies with Pfd-3 ratings correspond with companies with a
                                                         BBB category or higher reference point
Moody’s     Short-term debt       P-2                    a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations
            Long-term debt        Baa2                   subject to moderate credit risk
                                                         considered medium-grade and may have certain speculative characteristics
            Long-term             Baa3                   subject to moderate credit risk
            subordinated and
            junior subordinated
            debt                                         considered medium-grade and may have certain speculative characteristics
S&P         Short-term debt       A-2 (Canadian scale)   satisfactory capacity of the company to fulfill its financial commitment on the obligation
                                  A-2 (Global scale)
                                                         somewhat more susceptible to adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than
                                                         obligations rated higher
            Long-term debt        BBB                    adequate protection parameters
                                                         adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s ability to meet
                                                         its financial commitments
            Long-term             BBB-                   adequate protection parameters
            subordinated debt                            adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s ability to meet
                                                         its financial commitments
            Long-term junior      BB+                    regarded as having significant speculative characteristics
            subordinated debt                            less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues
                                                         faces major ongoing exposure to adverse business, financial or economic conditions that could lead to
                                                         obligor’s inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments
            Preferred shares      P-3 (Canadian scale)   regarded as having significant speculative characteristics
                                  BB (Global scale)      less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues
                                                         faces major ongoing exposure to adverse business, financial or economic conditions that could lead to
                                                         obligor’s inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments

                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   39
5.4 Trading of our securities
The common and first preferred shares of BCE are listed on the TSX under the respective symbols set out in the tables below. BCE’s common shares are
also listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BCE.
The tables below and on the next page show the range in share price per month and volume traded on the TSX in 2025 for BCE’s common shares and
each series of BCE’s first preferred shares.
                                                                                                             First preferred shares
                                        Common        Series R      Series S      Series T      Series Y      Series Z     Series AA     Series AB     Series AC     Series AD     Series AE
                                    shares (BCE)   (BCE.PR.R)    (BCE.PR.S)    (BCE.PR.T)    (BCE.PR.Y)    (BCE.PR.Z)    (BCE.PR.A)    (BCE.PR.B)    (BCE.PR.C)    (BCE.PR.D)    (BCE.PR.E)
 January 2025
 High                                     $35.13       $17.01        $17.50        $17.51        $17.48        $18.62         $17.45       $17.51        $18.08        $17.67        $18.21
 Low                                      $31.43       $15.46        $16.29        $16.35        $16.24        $17.81         $16.67       $16.37        $16.93        $16.28        $16.52
 Volume                               76,973,047      178,217        41,172       135,357       183,858       125,922        310,370      173,943       205,820       247,530       694,502
 February 2025
 High                                     $35.90       $17.34        $17.40        $17.50        $17.29        $18.60         $17.48       $17.31        $17.81        $17.37        $17.61
 Low                                      $31.46       $16.08        $17.07        $16.90        $17.00        $18.02         $16.91       $17.08        $17.03        $17.11        $17.10
 Volume                               81,042,996       77,098        37,482       102,008       115,555        52,873        199,398       69,624        47,711       285,860        91,136
 March 2025
 High                                     $36.59       $17.25        $16.98        $17.55        $17.21        $18.55         $17.46       $17.24        $17.80        $17.25        $17.14
 Low                                      $32.02       $16.42        $16.55        $16.84        $16.55        $17.90         $17.01       $16.50        $17.16        $16.52        $16.50
 Volume                               79,768,037      151,652        47,419        52,435        69,954        60,582        203,621       93,661       122,472       189,063        38,912
 April 2025
 High                                     $33.21       $17.03        $16.95        $17.44        $17.05        $18.44         $17.53       $17.20        $17.77        $17.00        $17.00
 Low                                      $28.73       $15.46        $15.62        $15.61        $15.50        $16.55         $16.00       $15.55        $16.01        $15.60        $15.45
 Volume                               89,019,262       50,399        85,113        35,896        57,343        88,215        408,717       77,876       113,539       361,794       287,500
 May 2025
 High                                     $32.16       $17.31        $17.11        $17.90        $17.20        $18.75         $18.05       $17.30        $17.99        $17.25        $17.22
 Low                                      $29.10       $15.90        $16.27        $16.59        $16.20        $17.31         $16.90       $16.23        $16.81        $16.12        $16.29
 Volume                               84,403,347       60,617       162,101        96,226       522,070       133,697        131,063       51,092        90,343       201,736        46,379
 June 2025
 High                                     $31.36       $18.15        $18.05        $18.37        $18.05        $19.39         $18.78       $18.14        $18.55        $18.22        $18.18
 Low                                      $29.56       $17.30        $17.35        $17.35        $17.07        $18.62         $18.00       $17.28        $17.76        $17.00        $17.23
 Volume                               77,681,655      197,408        43,995       112,972        35,860        20,427        139,192       86,914        51,954       121,061        41,355
 July 2025
 High                                     $33.67       $20.08        $19.08        $19.71        $19.15        $20.33         $19.83       $19.18        $19.58        $19.15        $19.05
 Low                                      $30.05       $18.18        $17.89        $18.18        $17.96        $19.07         $18.62       $17.79        $18.46        $18.00        $17.94
 Volume                               72,213,464      157,437        38,281        34,839        92,586        24,431        606,512       70,178        30,626        96,722        61,059
 August 2025
 High                                     $36.07       $20.09        $19.15        $19.68        $19.10        $20.45         $19.75       $19.22        $19.84        $19.19        $19.11
 Low                                      $31.35       $19.45        $18.90        $19.03        $18.80        $19.75         $19.18       $18.91        $19.19        $18.60        $18.88
 Volume                               64,913,751       23,247        37,550        73,209        49,013        13,700         52,747      312,773        74,564        48,279       105,245
 September 2025
 High                                     $34.49       $19.86        $19.20        $19.49        $19.21        $20.35         $20.27       $19.48        $19.99        $19.40        $19.38
 Low                                      $31.71       $19.52        $18.93        $19.12        $19.00        $20.00         $19.63       $19.01        $19.56        $18.88        $19.01
 Volume                               71,100,990      235,330        37,823        27,847       507,933        17,146        198,448       94,935        36,905        74,511       112,513
 October 2025
 High                                     $34.53       $19.87        $19.10        $19.77        $19.10        $20.55         $20.95       $19.18        $20.05        $19.19        $19.29
 Low                                      $31.58       $19.54        $18.92        $19.02        $18.88        $20.22         $20.05       $18.98        $19.50        $18.96        $19.01
 Volume                               76,686,150      307,323        13,601       354,847       200,206        21,830         78,180       67,448        73,229        66,162        24,219
 November 2025
 High                                     $33.50       $19.73        $19.27        $19.86        $19.30        $20.60         $20.65       $19.38        $19.99        $19.30        $19.15
 Low                                      $31.33       $19.22        $19.00        $19.45        $18.88        $19.88         $20.00       $18.97        $19.59        $19.00        $18.77
 Volume                               83,351,248      131,728        15,400        64,487        50,148        20,800         64,057       47,640       112,691        80,944        24,582
 December 2025
 High                                     $33.13       $19.90        $20.00        $20.50        $20.15        $21.01         $21.01       $20.09        $20.40        $20.18        $20.10
 Low                                      $30.96       $19.50        $19.40        $19.64        $19.25        $20.56         $20.48       $19.20        $19.85        $19.06        $19.15
 Volume                               87,851,061      163,915        13,543       121,550       104,532        33,763        206,166       74,649        85,192        84,940        21,604


40        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
                                                                           First preferred shares
                   Series AF     Series AG     Series AH     Series AI     Series AJ     Series AK     Series AL     Series AM     Series AN     Series AQ
                 (BCE.PR.F)    (BCE.PR.G)    (BCE.PR.H)    (BCE.PR.I)    (BCE.PR.J)    (BCE.PR.K)    (BCE.PR.L)    (BCE.PR.M)    (BCE.PR.N)    (BCE.PR.Q)
January 2025
High                 $18.66        $16.90        $17.63        $16.89        $17.67         $16.58       $16.87        $17.28        $17.71        $23.30
Low                  $16.51        $15.38        $16.27        $14.88        $16.34         $14.85       $15.39        $15.94        $15.76        $22.58
Volume            1,078,601       130,075       411,797       576,439        48,454        668,175       52,947       297,810        54,416       324,846
February 2025
High                 $19.35        $17.19        $17.58        $17.35        $17.39         $16.79       $16.95        $17.39        $17.70        $23.55
Low                  $18.40        $16.31        $17.21        $16.40        $17.17         $16.00       $16.62        $16.50        $17.10        $22.88
Volume              562,416        82,269       104,285       103,954        81,248        536,331       16,769       160,830        12,880       134,000
March 2025
High                 $19.29        $16.79        $17.30        $16.96        $16.99         $16.66       $16.61        $17.14        $17.25        $23.30
Low                  $18.69        $16.35        $16.60        $16.21        $16.57         $15.54       $16.09        $16.51        $16.51        $22.70
Volume              742,159        96,431        79,098        54,279        42,080        633,702        9,760        79,599         5,401       132,040
April 2025
High                 $18.86        $16.63        $17.23        $16.68        $17.00         $16.62       $16.76        $17.19        $17.49        $23.45
Low                  $17.35         $15.11       $15.57        $14.99        $15.57         $14.01       $15.19        $14.93        $15.50        $21.35
Volume              795,842        37,062        76,011        36,777        19,845        343,059       15,294        83,261        19,365        79,319
May 2025
High                 $19.25        $17.10        $17.39        $17.27        $17.27         $17.38       $17.09        $18.33        $18.04        $24.20
Low                  $18.22        $16.00        $16.35        $15.57        $16.21         $15.33       $15.76        $16.30        $16.40        $22.60
Volume              395,642        68,750        37,778       225,138       173,849        225,436       23,182       198,807        28,062        81,799
June 2025
High                 $20.08        $17.90        $18.12        $17.81        $18.14         $17.40       $17.25        $18.35        $18.27        $24.48
Low                  $19.23        $17.01        $17.43        $17.01        $17.17         $16.43       $16.65        $17.60        $17.60        $23.89
Volume              527,187       147,496        31,444       189,827        17,377        218,566        7,681        41,478        14,664        32,043
July 2025
High                 $21.16        $19.21        $19.09        $18.95        $19.21         $18.72       $18.54        $19.63        $19.38        $24.89
Low                  $19.60        $17.78        $17.91        $17.50        $17.90         $17.40       $17.09        $18.10        $18.20        $24.25
Volume              273,086        48,367       101,005        96,595        26,336        674,685       35,269       551,232        17,883        44,360
August 2025
High                 $21.26        $19.20        $19.25        $19.01        $19.20         $18.72       $18.97        $19.64        $19.74        $25.47
Low                  $20.70        $18.70        $18.94        $18.66        $18.42         $18.20       $18.26        $19.20        $19.00        $24.50
Volume              111,468        44,981        48,750        60,279        19,031        742,122       19,600       230,283        19,365       280,068
September 2025
High                 $21.31        $19.19        $19.44        $19.09        $19.50         $18.70       $18.49        $19.68        $19.44        $25.51
Low                  $20.69        $18.95        $19.12        $18.72        $19.01         $18.17       $18.20        $19.36        $19.30        $24.87
Volume              128,604        17,136       414,580        56,586        25,402      1,155,715       11,201       748,122         6,797        51,527
October 2025
High                 $21.07        $19.54        $19.88        $19.50        $19.46         $18.94       $18.60        $20.36        $20.00        $25.74
Low                  $20.50        $18.52        $19.07        $18.67        $19.03         $18.24       $18.30        $19.40        $19.40        $25.04
Volume              261,968       103,449        75,232        74,720        28,338        519,002       44,805       100,492        28,676        48,298
November 2025
High                 $21.40        $19.58        $19.50        $19.79        $19.25         $19.38       $18.94        $21.04        $20.84        $26.08
Low                  $20.75        $19.02        $19.10        $19.01        $19.14         $18.65       $18.87        $20.24        $19.93        $25.09
Volume              191,480       230,541        81,433        18,658        10,600        105,590      166,825        91,068         6,900        60,940
December 2025
High                 $22.35        $20.30        $20.40        $20.21        $20.20         $20.00       $19.15        $21.29        $21.00        $26.00
Low                  $21.42        $19.62        $19.47        $19.59        $19.43         $19.17       $18.05        $20.80        $20.44        $25.25
Volume              424,294       259,272       102,623        51,565        21,525        301,607       42,567       413,678        20,600       239,291


                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM             41
6                Dividends and dividend
                 payout policy
This section contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, relating to BCE’s common share dividend and dividend payout policy
target, expected dividend payout ratio level in the medium term, BCE’s business outlook, objectives and plans. Refer to section 1, Caution regarding
forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form.
BCE has a long-standing objective of returning capital to shareholders through a sustainable common share dividend. Our dividend payout policy is an
integral component of our capital allocation framework and is designed to balance shareholder returns with the funding requirements of our strategic
priorities and the maintenance of a strong balance sheet.
In May 2025, following a comprehensive review of the macroeconomic, regulatory and competitive environments of BCE, the BCE Board established the
annualized dividend at $1.75 per BCE common share effective starting from the July 15, 2025 dividend payment date. At the same time, BCE’s common
share dividend payout policy was updated to target a dividend payout range of 40% to 55% of free cash flow. This revised policy reflects the BCE Board’s
focus on enhancing financial flexibility, supporting accelerated deleveraging and optimizing BCE’s cost of capital in the current operating and capital
market environment, while maintaining a meaningful and sustainable dividend for shareholders.
The dividend payout policy is designed to remain consistent in the long term. As a result, dividends are not automatically reduced in a year when free
cash flow is lower or increased in a year when free cash flow is higher.
On February 5, 2026, the BCE Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.4375 per common share, payable on April 15, 2026 to shareholders of record at
the close of business on March 16, 2026.
For the year ended December 31, 2025, BCE’s dividend payout ratio(1) was approximately 64% of free cash flow, which is above the target policy range,
reflecting the transitional nature of the year following the mid-year reset of the dividend level. The dividend payout ratio is expected to trend toward the
target policy range over the medium term, supported by continued free cash flow generation, disciplined capital investment and our ongoing focus on
balance sheet optimization.
As announced in May 2025, BCE committed to providing, on an annual basis, the implied dividend payout ratio calculated on the basis of free cash flow
after payment of lease liabilities, in addition to the dividend payout ratio assessed against our policy framework. This financial measure is provided to
enhance transparency for investors regarding cash available for dividend payments after lease repayments and does not form part of BCE’s dividend
payout policy, which continues to be assessed against free cash flow.
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the implied dividend payout ratio based on free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities(1) was approximately
99%, reflecting the transitional nature of the year following the mid-year reset of the dividend level.
The dividend payout policy is intended to provide a long-term framework for BCE’s approach to allocating cash generated by the business, is not intended
to restrict the discretion of the BCE Board in declaring dividends and does not bind BCE in declaring any set amount of dividend. BCE’s dividend policy,
setting the common share dividend rate and the declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and, consequently, there can be
no guarantee that BCE’s dividend payout policy will be maintained or achieved, that the dividend on common shares will be maintained, or that dividends
will be declared. Dividend rates and the declaration of dividends by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s corporate strategy, operations, and
financial results, which are, in turn, subject to various assumptions and risks, including those outlined in section 1, Caution regarding forward-looking
statements, in this Annual Information Form.
For additional information, refer to section 1.4, Capital allocation strategy of the BCE 2025 MD&A, on pages 17 to 19 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial
Report.




(1) Dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio after payment of lease liabilities are non-GAAP ratios. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios on page 111 of the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report for more information on
     these measures.

42          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
The table below describes the increases (decreases) in BCE’s annualized common share dividend starting with the quarterly dividend payable on
April 17, 2023.
Date of announcement              Amount of increase (decrease)                                 Effective date
 February 2, 2023                 5.2% (from $3.68 per share to $3.87 per share)                Quarterly dividend payable on April 17, 2023
 February 8, 2024                 3.1% (from $3.87 per share to $3.99 per share)                Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2024
 February 6, 2025                 0% (from $3.99 per share to $3.99 per share)                  Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2025
 May 8, 2025                      (56.1%) (from $3.99 per share to $1.75 per share)             Quarterly dividend payable on July 15, 2025
 February 5, 2026                 0% (from $1.75 per share to $1.75 per share)                  Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2026

Dividends on BCE’s first preferred shares are, if declared, payable quarterly, except for dividends on Series S, Series Y, Series AB, Series AD, Series AE,
Series AH and Series AJ first preferred shares, which, if declared, are payable monthly.
                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   43
The table below shows the amount of cash dividends declared per BCE common share and per Series R, Series S, Series T, Series Y, Series Z, Series
AA, Series AB, Series AC, Series AD, Series AE, Series AF, Series AG, Series AH, Series AI, Series AJ, Series AK, Series AL, Series AM, Series AN,
Series AO and Series AQ first preferred share for 2025, 2024 and 2023.
                                                                                                                 2025          2024          2023
Common shares                                                                                                $2.31000         $3.99         $3.87
First preferred shares
     Series R                                                                                                $0.86169      $0.75450      $0.75450
     Series S                                                                                                $1.20572      $1.64999      $1.74988
     Series T                                                                                                $1.24750      $1.24750      $1.24750
     Series Y                                                                                                $1.20572      $1.64999      $1.74988
     Series Z                                                                                                $1.33650      $1.33650      $1.33650
     Series AA                                                                                               $1.23500      $1.23500      $1.23500
     Series AB                                                                                               $1.20572      $1.64999      $1.74988
     Series AC                                                                                               $1.27000      $1.27000      $1.27000
     Series AD                                                                                               $1.20572      $1.64999      $1.74988
     Series AE                                                                                               $1.20572      $1.64999      $1.74988
     Series AF                                                                                               $1.37400      $0.96625      $0.96625
     Series AG                                                                                               $0.84250      $0.84250      $0.84250
     Series AH                                                                                               $1.20572      $1.64999      $1.74988
     Series AI                                                                                               $0.84750      $0.84750      $0.84750
     Series AJ                                                                                               $1.20572      $1.64999      $1.74988
     Series AK                                                                                               $0.82650      $0.82650      $0.82650
     Series AL                                                                                               $1.19576      $1.66799      $1.62174
     Series AM                                                                                               $0.73475      $0.73475      $0.73475
     Series AN                                                                                               $1.24827      $1.72063      $1.67424
     Series AQ                                                                                               $1.63450      $1.63450      $1.31088

44       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
7          Our directors
           and executive officers
7.1 Directors
The table below lists BCE’s directors, where they lived, the date they were elected or appointed and their principal occupation as at March 5, 2026.
Under BCE’s by-laws, each director holds office until the earlier of the next annual meeting of shareholders or his or her resignation.
Name, province/state                                    Date elected or appointed
and country of residence                                to the BCE Board                        Principal occupation as at March 5, 2026
 Mirko Bibic,                                           January 2020                            President and Chief Executive Officer, BCE and Bell Canada, since January
 Ontario, Canada                                                                                2020
 Robert P. Dexter,                                      November 2014                           Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Maritime Travel Inc. (an integrated travel
 Nova Scotia, Canada                                                                            company), since July 1979
 Katherine Lee,                                         August 2015                             Corporate director, since March 2018, and Chartered Professional Accountant
 Ontario, Canada
 Monique F. Leroux, C.M., O.Q., FCPA, F.ICD             April 2016                              Corporate director, since April 2016, and Chartered Professional Accountant
 Québec, Canada
 Sheila A. Murray,                                      May 2020                                Corporate director, since April 2019
 Ontario, Canada
 Gordon M. Nixon, C.M., O.Ont.,                         November 2014                           Chair of the board of directors, BCE and Bell Canada, since April 2016, and
 Ontario, Canada                                                                                corporate director, since September 2014
 Louis P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA,                          November 2020                           Corporate director, since September 2020, and Chartered Professional
 Ontario, Canada                                                                                Accountant
 Calin Rovinescu, C.M.,                                 April 2016                              Executive Chairman of CAE Inc., since August 2025
 Ontario, Canada
 Karen Sheriff,                                         April 2017                              Corporate director, since October 2016
 Ontario, Canada
 Jennifer Tory, C.M.,                                   April 2021                              Corporate director, since December 2019
 Ontario, Canada
 Louis Vachon, C.M., O.Q.,                              October 2022                            Operating Partner, J.C. Flowers & Co. (a private investment firm), since
 Québec, Canada                                                                                 January 2022
 Steve Weed,                                            November 2025                           Chief Executive Officer, WaveDivision Capital (a private investment firm),
 Nevada, United States                                                                          since March 2003
 Johan Wibergh,                                         November 2023                           Corporate director, since February 2023
 Barbados
 Cornell Wright,                                        April 2021                              President, Wittington Investments, Limited (the principal holding company of
 Ontario, Canada                                                                                the Weston group of companies, which includes George Weston, Loblaw and
                                                                                                Choice Properties), since January 2022

Past occupation
All of BCE’s directors have held the positions listed above or other senior management positions with the same or associated firms or organizations
during the past five years or longer, except for the directors listed below.
Name                               Past occupation
 Calin Rovinescu, C.M.             From February 2021 to August 2025, a corporate director and prior to February 2021, the President & CEO of Air Canada
 Louis Vachon, C.M., O.Q.          Chief Executive Officer of National Bank of Canada (a chartered bank), from 2007 to November 2021
 Johan Wibergh                     Chief Technology Officer of Vodafone Group plc (a global telecommunications provider), from 2015 to
                                   December 2022
 Cornell Wright                    Partner of Torys LLP (a law firm), from 2009 to April 2021

                                                                                                                                BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM         45
Committees of the BCE Board
The table below lists the committees of the BCE Board and their members on March 5, 2026.
 Committee                          Members
 Audit                              Louis P. Pagnutti (Chair)
                                    Katherine Lee, Monique F. Leroux, Jennifer Tory, Johan Wibergh, Cornell Wright
 Corporate Governance               Monique F. Leroux (Chair)
                                    Katherine Lee, Sheila A. Murray, Karen Sheriff, Cornell Wright
 Management Resources               Sheila A. Murray (Chair)
 and Compensation                   Robert P. Dexter, Calin Rovinescu, Jennifer Tory, Louis Vachon, Steve Weed
 Risk and Pension Fund              Calin Rovinescu (Chair)
                                    Robert P. Dexter, Louis P. Pagnutti, Karen Sheriff, Louis Vachon, Johan Wibergh

46       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
7.2 Executive officers
On May 20, 2025, Mark McDonald became Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer of Bell Canada. Mark McDonald was previously Senior
Vice President, Networks.
The table below lists BCE’s and Bell Canada’s executive officers, where they lived and the office they held at BCE and/or Bell Canada as at March 5,
2026.
Name                            Province and country of residence                     Office held at BCE/Bell Canada
Mirko Bibic                     Ontario, Canada                                       President and Chief Executive Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Sean Cohan                      Ontario, Canada                                       President, Bell Media (Bell Canada)
Hadeer Hassaan                  Ontario, Canada                                       Executive Vice President, Chief Information and Customer Experience Officer (Bell Canada)
Blaik Kirby                     Ontario, Canada                                       Group President, Consumer and Small Business (Bell Canada)
Devorah Lithwick                Ontario, Canada                                       Senior Vice President and Chief Brand Officer (Bell Canada)
Robert Malcolmson               Ontario, Canada                                       Executive Vice President and Chief Legal & Regulatory Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Mark McDonald                   Ontario, Canada                                       Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer (Bell Canada)
Curtis Millen(1)                Québec, Canada                                        Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Nikki Moffat                    Ontario, Canada                                       Executive Vice President, Corporate Services and Chief Human Resources Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Karine Moses(1)                 Québec, Canada                                        Senior Vice President, Sales and Vice Chair, Québec (Bell Canada)
John Watson                     Ontario, Canada                                       Group President, Business Markets, AI and Ateko (Bell Canada)
(1) Karine Moses and Curtis Millen were formerly director of FormerGestion Inc. (formerly Gestion Juste Pour Rire Inc.) and related entities, which filed on March 5, 2024 a notice of intention to make a proposal under section 50.4 of
  the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act, which proceedings were subsequently continued on March 15, 2024 under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act. On December 17, 2025, these entities were assigned into bankruptcy.

All of our executive officers have held their present positions or other senior management positions with BCE or Bell Canada during the past five years or
longer, except for Sean Cohan, who was Chief Growth Officer & President at Nielsen Holdings PLC (a global measurement and data analytics company)
from March 2020 to January 2023 and President at Pick Six LLC (a media consulting and investing company) from 2019 to 2020.




7.3 Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership
As at December 31, 2025, BCE’s directors and executive officers elected or appointed at such date as a group beneficially owned, or exercised control or
direction over, directly or indirectly, 483,095 common shares (or less than 0.1%) of BCE.
                                                                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                      47
8         Legal proceedings
In the ordinary course of our business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In
particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class actions pursuant to which substantial monetary damages may
be claimed. This section describes important legal proceedings in which we were involved as at March 5, 2026. This list is not comprehensive and we are
involved in a number of other legal proceedings. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot predict the final outcome
or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and based on information currently available and management’s assessment of the
merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 5, 2026, management believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal
proceedings is unlikely to have a material and negative effect on our financial statements or operations. We believe that we have strong defences and we
intend to vigorously defend our positions.
For this Annual Information Form, we have re-evaluated the disclosure previously included regarding legal proceedings to focus on significant claims and
legal proceedings.


Class actions concerning price increase
On November 27, 2015, an application for authorization to institute a class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada, Bell
ExpressVu and Bell Mobility on behalf of all Québec consumers whose monthly fees for wireline telephone services, Internet services, Fibe TV services,
satellite TV services or wireless postpaid services were unilaterally modified at any time since November 2012. The plaintiff alleges that the notices
provided by the defendants of the price increases were not compliant with the Quebec Consumer Protection Act (QCPA). The action seeks the
reimbursement, since November 2012, of the monthly price increases, and payment of punitive damages in the amount of $100 per class member. On
July 10, 2017, the court authorized the action to proceed as a class action.
On December 12, 2018, another application for authorization to institute a class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Télébec and
Cablevision du Nord on behalf of all Québec consumers and business entities whose monthly fees for wireline telephone services, Internet services, TV
services or wireless postpaid services were unilaterally modified at any time since December 2015. The plaintiff alleges that the notices provided by the
defendants of the price increases were not compliant under the QCPA and the Civil Code of Québec. The action seeks the reimbursement, since
December 2015, of the monthly price increases, and payment of punitive damages in the amount of $100 per class member. On February 5, 2022 the
court authorized the action to proceed as a class action for the price increases that occurred between December 12, 2015, and November 2, 2022.


Class action and purported class action concerning relevant
advertisements initiative
On April 14 and 16, 2015, respectively, an application for authorization to institute a class action was filed against Bell Canada and Bell Mobility in the
Québec Superior Court and a statement of claim was filed against Bell Canada and Bell Mobility pursuant to the Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in the
Ontario Superior Court. The plaintiffs seek damages for breach of contract, breach of applicable consumer protection legislation, breach of the Civil Code
of Québec, intrusion upon seclusion, negligence, breach of confidence, unjust enrichment and waiver of tort resulting from Bell Canada’s and Bell
Mobility’s alleged unauthorized use and disclosure of personal information pursuant to the Relevant Advertisements Initiative. Unspecified punitive
damages are sought in both actions. On November 16, 2017, the court stayed the Québec action. On May 13, 2019, the Ontario Superior Court certified
the Ontario action as a national class action against Bell Mobility for the period between November 16, 2013 and April 14, 2015.


Class action concerning wireless minutes calculation
On August 18, 2008, a statement of claim was filed pursuant to the Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in the Ontario Superior Court against Bell Mobility on
behalf of all Canadian Bell Mobility customers who, since July 2002, have had their wireless airtime rounded up to the next full minute. The action alleges
misrepresentation and breach of contract and seeks reimbursement of all amounts received by Bell Mobility as a result of the rounded-up portion of per
minute charges for wireless airtime, alleged to be general damages of $500 million and punitive damages of $20 million. The action was certified as a
class action on November 25, 2014, for the period between August 18, 2006 and October 1, 2009.
48     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Purported class action concerning “911 fees”
On June 26, 2008, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act (Saskatchewan) in the now Saskatchewan Court of King’s Bench against a
number of wireless service providers, including Bell Mobility and its predecessors Bell MTS and Bell Aliant. The claim alleges, among other things, breach
of contract and duty to inform, deceit, misrepresentation, unjust enrichment, breaches of provincial consumer protection legislation and the Competition
Act, and collusion in connection with certain “911 fees” invoiced by wireless service providers to their customers. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages,
punitive damages and an accounting and constructive trust of the “911 fees” collected. The action seeks certification of a national class encompassing all
customers, wherever resident in Canada. The action has not yet been certified as a class action.


Class action concerning wireless system access fees (“SAF”)
On August 9, 2004, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act (Saskatchewan) in the now Saskatchewan Court of King’s Bench against
a number of wireless service providers, including Bell Mobility and its predecessors Bell MTS and Bell Aliant. The claim alleged, among other things,
breach of contract and duty to inform, deceit, misrepresentation, unjust enrichment and collusion in connection with certain system access fees and
system licensing charges invoiced by wireless communications service providers to their customers, and is seeking unspecified general and punitive
damages. In 2017, the court granted certification only on the grounds of unjust enrichment for a national class encompassing all customers, wherever
resident in Canada, on the basis of an opt-out class in Saskatchewan and an opt-in class elsewhere in Canada.


Other
We are subject to other claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our current and past operations, including class actions, employment-
related disputes, contract disputes, competitor disputes and customer disputes. In some claims and legal proceedings, the claimant seeks damages as
well as other relief which, if granted, could require substantial expenditures on our part or could result in changes to our business practices.
                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   49
9          Interest of management and others in
           material transactions
To the best of our knowledge, there have been no current or nominated directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of a current or
nominated director or executive officer with a material interest in any transaction within the three most recently completed financial years or during the
current financial year that has materially affected us or is reasonably expected to materially affect us.



10 Interest of experts
Deloitte LLP was the auditor of BCE for the year ended December 31, 2024. As of March 6, 2025 and throughout the period covered by the financial
statements on which they reported, Deloitte LLP was independent of BCE within the meaning of the Code of Ethics of the Ordre des comptables
professionnels agréés du Québec and within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations
thereunder adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Ernst & Young LLP prepared the Report of independent registered public accounting firm in respect of our audited consolidated financial statements as at
and for the year ended December 31, 2025, and the Report of independent registered public accounting firm in respect of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. Ernst & Young LLP is independent of BCE within the meaning of the Code of Ethics of the Ordre des
comptables professionnels agréés du Québec and within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the applicable rules and
regulations thereunder adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).



11 Transfer agent and registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for the common shares and preferred shares of BCE in Canada is TSX Trust Company at its principal offices in Montréal,
Québec; Toronto, Ontario; Calgary, Alberta; and Vancouver, British Columbia; and in the U.S. the transfer agent and registrar is Equiniti Trust Company,
LLC (successor to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC) at its principal office in New York, New York.
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian unsubordinated debentures is kept at the principal office of Computershare Advantage Trust of Canada (formerly
BNY Trust Company of Canada) in Montréal, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of the Canadian unsubordinated debentures are
maintained at the principal offices of Computershare Advantage Trust of Canada (formerly BNY Trust Company of Canada) in Montréal and Toronto.
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian subordinated debentures is kept at the principal office of Computershare Advantage Trust of Canada (formerly
BNY Trust Company of Canada) in Montréal, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of the Canadian subordinated debentures are
maintained at the principal offices of Computershare Advantage Trust of Canada (formerly BNY Trust Company of Canada) in Montréal and Toronto.
The register for Bell Canada’s U.S. notes, issued pursuant to its 2016 U.S. trust indenture, is kept at the principal office of The Bank of New York Mellon in
New York, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of such U.S. notes are also maintained at the principal office of The Bank of New York
Mellon in New York.
The register for Bell Canada’s U.S. Junior Subordinated Notes issued pursuant to its 2025 U.S. trust indenture is kept at the principal office of The Bank
of New York Mellon in New York, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of such U.S. Junior Subordinated Notes are also maintained at the
principal office of The Bank of New York Mellon in New York.
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian Junior Subordinated Notes issued pursuant to its 2025 Canadian trust indenture is kept at the principal office of
Computershare Trust Company of Canada in Montréal, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of such Canadian Junior Subordinated Notes
are also maintained at the principal offices of Computershare Trust Company of Canada in Montréal and Toronto.
50     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
12 For more information
This Annual Information Form as well as BCE’s annual and quarterly shareholder reports and news releases are available on BCE’s website at bce.ca.
Additional information, including information about directors’ and officers’ remuneration and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
plans, is contained in BCE’s management proxy circular for its most recent annual meeting of security holders that involved the election of directors.
Additional information relating to BCE is available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at sec.gov. Additional financial information is provided in
BCE’s audited consolidated financial statements and the related management’s discussion and analysis for BCE’s most recently completed financial year,
contained in the BCE 2025 Annual Financial Report. You may ask for a copy of the annual and quarterly management’s discussion and analysis of BCE
by contacting BCE’s Investor Relations group at Building A, 8th Floor, 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3 or by sending an
e-mail to investor.relations@bce.ca.
Shareholder inquiries 1-800-561-0934
Investor relations    1-800-339-6353
                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   51
13 Schedule 1 –
   Audit Committee information
The purpose of BCE’s Audit Committee (Audit Committee) is to assist the BCE Board in its oversight of:
 •   the integrity of BCE’s financial statements and related information;
 •   BCE’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements;
 •   the independence, qualifications and appointment of the external auditors;
 •   the performance of both the external and internal auditors;
 •   management’s responsibility for assessing and reporting on the effectiveness of internal controls;
 •   BCE’s risk processes as they relate to financial reporting and management.

Members’ financial literacy, expertise and simultaneous service
Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related SEC rules, BCE is required to disclose whether its Audit Committee members include at least one
“audit committee financial expert” as defined by these rules. In addition, National Instrument 52-110 – Audit Committees and the NYSE governance rules
followed by BCE require that all audit committee members be “financially literate” and “independent”.
The BCE Board has determined that all the members of the Audit Committee during 2025 were, and all current members of the Audit Committee are,
financially literate and independent, and that the current Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. L.P. Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux are
qualified as “audit committee financial experts”. The table below outlines the relevant education and experience of all members of the Audit Committee,
whether during 2025 or currently.

Relevant education and experience
 L.P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA     Mr. Pagnutti has been a director of BCE since November 2020 and is Chair of the Audit Committee since January 2021. Mr. Pagnutti is a
 (Chair)                      corporate director and was Global Managing Partner Business Enablement of EY (a professional services firm) and a member of EY’s Global
                              Executive Board until his retirement in September 2020. As Global Managing Partner, he was responsible for EY’s business functions across
                              the globe. He oversaw EY’s strategy and its execution for all functions, including technology, finance, risk management, legal, shared services
                              and procurement. Mr. Pagnutti joined EY Assurance in 1981, before moving to EY Tax in 1986. From 2004 until 2010, he was Chairman and
                              Chief Executive Officer of EY Canada and a member of the EY Americas Executive Board. He was EY Asia-Pacific Area Managing Partner from
                              2010 to 2013. Mr. Pagnutti holds an Honours Bachelor of Commerce degree from Laurentian University. He earned his Chartered Accountant
                              designation in 1983 and was honoured with a Fellow Chartered Accountant designation in 2006. He has served on the Sunnybrook Hospital
                              Foundation and Pathways to Education boards. Mr. Pagnutti initiated EY Canada’s role as National Volunteer Partner of Pathways to
                              Education, a program dedicated to helping high school students from low-income and under-represented groups complete high school and
                              pursue post-secondary education.
 K. Lee                       Ms. Lee has been a director of BCE since August 2015. She is a corporate director and, from 2010 to February 2015, served as President and
                              Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Canada (a leading global provider of financial and fleet management solutions to mid-market companies
                              operating in a broad range of economic sectors). Prior to this role, Ms. Lee served as Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Real Estate in
                              Canada from 2002 to 2010, building it to a full debt and equity operating company. Ms. Lee joined GE in 1994, where she held a number of
                              positions, including Director, Mergers & Acquisitions, for GE Capital’s Pension Fund Advisory Services based in San Francisco, and Managing
                              Director of GE Capital Real Estate Korea based in Seoul and Tokyo. Ms. Lee earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of
                              Toronto. She is a Chartered Professional Accountant and Chartered Accountant. She is active in the community, championing women’s
                              networks and Asia-Pacific forums. Ms. Lee is also a director of Colliers International Group and Public Sector Pension Investment Board. In
                              2025, Ms. Lee received the Horatio Alger Award.

52        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
 M.F. Leroux,                Ms. Leroux has been a director of BCE since April 2016. Companion of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and the Investment Industry Hall
 C.M., O.Q., FCPA, F.ICD     of Fame, Ms. Leroux is a corporate director, who serves as an independent director of Michelin Group and Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. As
                             such, she brings to these boards her diverse experience, among others as Audit Partner at Ernst and Young from 1988 to 1995 and Chair of the
                             Board and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins Group from 2008 to 2016. She brings an extensive business experience and financial
                             expertise. Ms. Leroux is Chair of Michelin’s Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, which oversees ESG (including climate change)
                             matters for the company. In 2020, Ms. Leroux acted as Chair of the Industry Strategy Council for the Canadian Government and, from 2016 to
                             2020, she was Chair of the Board of Investissement Québec. She is Vice-Chair of the Montreal Symphony Orchestra (OSM) and she is also
                             Chair of the Boards of the University of Sherbrooke and Conservatoire de musique et d’art dramatique du Québec. Ms. Leroux is a Companion
                             of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a Chevalier of the Légion d’honneur (France) and a recipient of the
                             Woodrow Wilson Award (United States). She has been awarded Fellowship by the Ordre des comptables professionnels agréés du Québec
                             and the Institute of Corporate Directors and holds honourary doctorates from 12 Canadian universities in recognition of her contribution to the
                             business sector and to the community.
 J. Tory, C.M.               Ms. Tory has been a director of BCE since April 2021. She is a corporate director who was, until her retirement in December 2019, the Chief
                             Administrative Officer of RBC (a chartered bank), where she held responsibility for Brand, Marketing, Citizenship (ESG) & Communications,
                             Procurement and Real Estate functions globally. Prior to this role, she was Group Head, Personal & Commercial Banking, leading RBC’s retail
                             and commercial customer businesses and operations in Canada and the Caribbean from 2014 to 2017. Throughout her 42-year career,
                             Ms. Tory held a number of key senior operating positions across retail distribution and operations, including overseeing digital and cost
                             transformation of the business. An acknowledged community leader and fundraiser, she currently sits on the board of the Sunnybrook Hospital
                             Foundation and is past Chair of the board of the Toronto International Film Festival. A champion of diversity, Ms. Tory is the recipient of
                             numerous awards recognizing her work related to the advancement of women. She has completed her Global Competent Board
                             Sustainability & ESG Designation and Certificate (GCB.D), which included a session on climate change and biodiversity.
 J. Wibergh                  Mr. Wibergh has been a director of BCE since November 2023. He is the former Chief Technology Officer of Vodafone, a global
                             telecommunications provider, having retired in January 2023. He is a seasoned technology executive with over 35 years of experience in
                             managing large-scale operations across the globe, having served in various C-suite positions with leading global companies for more than
                             15 years. Mr. Wibergh’s career includes nearly eight years as the Group Chief Technology Officer of Vodafone and 6.5 years as EVP & Head of
                             Business Unit Networks for Ericsson. His leadership experience spans technology innovation, telecoms networks, enterprise networks, digital
                             and IT systems, cybersecurity, R&D, product management, operational excellence, and large-scale 24/7 operations. Mr. Wibergh is a member
                             of four American boards, AST SpaceMobile, Inc., Trimble Inc., Avanci LLC and Cohere Technologies. Mr. Wibergh’s previous board experience
                             includes Vantage Towers AG (2020–2022), KTH Royal Institute of Technology (2010–2016) and chair of Next Generation Mobile Networks
                             (2016–2018). He has also served on the advisory boards of IBM, HP Enterprises and Amdocs. Mr. Wibergh has a Masters in Computer Science
                             and Engineering from Linköping University, Sweden.
 C. Wright                   Mr. Wright has been a director of BCE since April 2021. Mr. Wright is President of Wittington Investments, Limited (Wittington) (the principal
                             holding company of the Weston group of companies, which includes George Weston, Loblaw and Choice Properties). As President of
                             Wittington, Mr. Wright serves as a director of the Weston group of companies. Mr. Wright joined Wittington in 2021 following a 20-year career at
                             Torys LLP (a law firm), where he was a leading corporate lawyer. He served as Chair of the firm’s Corporate Department and was co-head of
                             the firm’s M&A Practice. Mr. Wright has a broad range of experience in complex transactional, securities, private equity, regulatory, governance
                             and compliance matters. He is a Fellow of The American College of Governance Counsel. Mr. Wright is a Trustee of University Health Network
                             and a member of the Dean’s Advisory Board at the Rotman School of Management, and is past Chair of the board of the National Ballet of
                             Canada. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from McGill University and JD and MBA degrees from the University of Toronto.

The NYSE rules followed by BCE require that if an audit committee member serves simultaneously on the audit committee of more than three public
companies, the board of directors must determine and disclose that this simultaneous service does not impair the ability of the member to effectively
serve on the Audit Committee. No Audit Committee member currently serves simultaneously on the audit committee of more than three public companies.

Pre-approval policies and procedures
BCE’s Auditor Independence Policy is a comprehensive policy governing all aspects of our relationship with the external auditors, including:
 •   establishing a process for determining whether various audit and other services provided by the external auditors affect their independence;
 •   identifying the services that the external auditors may and may not provide to BCE and its subsidiaries;
 •   pre-approving all services to be provided by the external auditors of BCE and its subsidiaries;
 •   establishing a process outlining procedures when hiring current or former personnel of the external auditors in a financial oversight role to ensure
     auditor independence is maintained.
In particular, the policy specifies that:
                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM       53
  •    the external auditors cannot be hired to provide any services falling within the prohibited services category, such as bookkeeping, financial
       information system design and implementation, or legal services;
  •    for all audit and non-audit services falling within the permitted services category (such as prospectus, due diligence and non-statutory audits), a
       request for approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee prior to engaging the external auditors; and
  •    at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting, a summary of all fees billed by the external auditors by type of service is presented.
The Auditor Independence Policy is available in the governance section of BCE’s website at bce.ca.

External auditors’ fees
The table below shows the fees that BCE’s external auditors billed to BCE and its subsidiaries for various services in each of the past two fiscal years.
                                                                                      Ernst & Young LLP                     Deloitte LLP
                                                                                                      2025                           2024
                                                                                           (in $ millions)                (in $ millions)
Audit fees(1)                                                                                                 5.4                      10.5
Audit-related fees(2)                                                                                         0.2                       3.5
Tax fees(3)                                                                                                   —                         0.3
All other fees(4)                                                                                             —                         0.1
Total(5)                                                                                                      5.6                      14.4
(1) These fees include professional services provided by the external auditors for statutory audits of the annual financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, the review of interim

  financial reports, the review of financial accounting and reporting matters, the review of securities offering documents and translation services.
(2) These fees relate to non-statutory audits and due diligence procedures, and other regulatory audits and filings.

(3) These fees include professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and assistance with tax audits.

(4) These fees include any other fees for permitted services not included in any of the above-stated categories.

(5) The amounts of $5.6 million for 2025 and $14.4 million for 2024 reflect fees billed in those fiscal years without taking into account the year to which those services relate. Total fees for services provided for each fiscal year
  amounted to $5.6 million in 2025 and $10.9 million in 2024. In addition, Ernst & Young LLP billed BCE additional fees of $3.0 million in 2026 that related to services provided in 2025.

54         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
14 Schedule 2 –
   Audit Committee charter
I.   Purpose
The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its oversight of:
A.   the integrity of the Corporation’s financial statements and related information;
B.   the Corporation’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements;
C.   the independence, qualifications and appointment of the shareholders’ auditor;
D.   the performance of the shareholders’ auditor and internal audit;
E.   management responsibility for assessing and reporting on the effectiveness of internal controls; and
F.   the Corporation’s risks as they relate to financial reporting and management.

II. Duties and Responsibilities
The Audit Committee shall perform the functions customarily performed by audit committees and any other functions assigned by the Board of Directors.
In particular, the Audit Committee shall have the following duties and responsibilities:

A. Financial Reporting and Control
     1.   On a quarterly and annual basis, review and discuss with management and the shareholders’ auditor the following:
          a.   major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentation, including any significant changes in the Corporation’s
               selection or application of accounting principles or material related party transactions, and issues as to the adequacy of the Corporation’s
               internal controls and any special audit steps adopted in light of material control deficiencies;
          b.   analyses prepared by management and/or the shareholders’ auditor setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgements made
               in connection with the preparation of the financial statements, including the impact of selecting one of several International Financial
               Reporting Standards (IFRS) and/or non IFRS measures on the financial statements when such a selection has been made in the current
               reporting period;
          c.   the effect of regulatory and accounting developments, as well as off-balance sheet arrangements, on the financial statements of the
               Corporation; and
          d.   the type and presentation of information to be included in earnings press releases (including any use of pro-forma or non-IFRS information).
     2.   Meet to review and discuss with management and the shareholders’ auditor, report and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the
          Board of Directors on the following prior to its public disclosure:
          a.   the Corporation’s annual and interim consolidated financial statements and the related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”, safe
               harbour notice concerning forward-looking statements, annual integrated report, Annual Information Form, earnings press releases and
               earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies and the integrity of the financial reporting of the Corporation;
               –   In addition to the role of the Audit Committee to make recommendations to the Board of Directors, where the members of the Audit
                   Committee consider that it is appropriate and in the best interest of the Corporation, the Corporation’s interim consolidated financial
                   statements and the related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”, the interim earnings press releases and the earnings guidance,
                   may also be approved on behalf of the Board of Directors by the Audit Committee, provided that such approval is subsequently
                   reported to the Board of Directors at its next meeting;
          b.   any audit issues raised by the shareholders’ auditor and management’s response thereto, including any restrictions on the scope of the
               activities of the shareholders’ auditor or access to requested information and any significant disagreements with management.
                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   55
     3.    Review and discuss reports from the shareholders’ auditor on:
           a.   all critical accounting policies and practices used by the Corporation;
           b.   all material selections of accounting policies when there is a choice of policies available under IFRS that have been discussed with
                management, including the ramifications of the use of such alternative treatment and the alternative preferred by the shareholders’ auditor;
                and
           c.   other material written communications between the shareholders’ auditor and management, and discuss such communication with the
                shareholders’ auditor.

B. Oversight of the Shareholders’ Auditor
     1.    Be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the shareholders’ auditor, who shall report
           directly to the Audit Committee, and any other auditor preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit services or attest services for
           the Corporation or any consolidated subsidiary of the Corporation, where required, and review, report and, where appropriate, provide
           recommendations to the Board of Directors on the appointment, terms and review of engagement, removal, independence and proposed fees of
           the shareholders’ auditor.
     2.    Approve in advance all audit, review or attest engagement fees and terms for all audit, review or attest services to be provided by the
           shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary and any other auditor preparing or issuing an audit report or performing
           other audit services or attest services for the Corporation or any consolidated subsidiary of the Corporation, where required.
     3.    Pre-approve all engagements for permitted audit and non-audit services to be provided by the shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any
           consolidated subsidiary and to this effect may establish policies and procedures for the engagement of the shareholders’ auditor to provide to
           the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary permitted non-audit services, which shall include approval in advance by the Audit Committee
           of all audit/review and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any consolidated
           subsidiary.
     4.    Delegate, if deemed appropriate, authority to the Chief Financial Officer to grant pre-approvals of audit, review and permitted non-audit services,
           provided that any such approvals shall be presented to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting.
     5.    Establish policies for the hiring of partners, employees and former partners and employees of the shareholders’ auditor.
     6.    At least annually, consider, assess, and report to the Board of Directors on:
           a.   the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the shareholders’ auditor, including that the shareholders’ auditor’s
                performance of permitted non-audit services does not impair the shareholders’ auditor’s independence;
           b.   obtaining from the shareholders’ auditor a written statement (i) delineating all relationships between the shareholders’ auditor and the
                Corporation; (ii) assuring that lead audit partner rotation is carried out, as required by law; and (iii) delineating any other relationships that
                may adversely affect the independence of the shareholders’ auditor;
           c.   the quality of the engagement team including the evaluation of the lead audit partner, taking into account the opinions of management and
                internal audit; and
           d.   the quality of the communications and interactions with the external auditor.
     7.    At least annually, obtain and review a report by the shareholders’ auditor describing:
           a.   the shareholders’ auditor’s internal quality-control procedures;
           b.   any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review of the shareholders’ auditor firm, or by any
                inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, issued in the reporting year, respecting one or more independent audits
                carried out by the shareholders’ auditor firm in Canada and the United States, limited to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board,
                and any steps taken to deal with any such issues.
     8.    At least every 5 years, unless the annual assessment indicates otherwise, conduct a comprehensive review of the shareholders’ auditor
           focussing on the firm and report to the Board of Directors on:
           a.   the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the shareholders’ auditor;
           b.   the quality of the engagement team; and
           c.   the quality of communications and interactions with the shareholders’ auditor.
     9.    Resolve any disagreement between management and the shareholders’ auditor regarding financial reporting.
56        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
     10. Review the annual audit plan with the shareholders’ auditor.
     11. Meet periodically with the shareholders’ auditor in the absence of management and internal audit.

C. Oversight of Internal Audit
     1.   Review and discuss with the head of internal audit, report and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the
          following:
          a.   the appointment and mandate of internal audit, including the responsibilities, budget and staffing of internal audit;
          b.   discuss with the head of internal audit the scope and performance of internal audit, including a review of the annual internal audit plan, and
               whether there are any restrictions or limitations on internal audit; and
          c.   obtain periodic reports from the head of internal audit regarding internal audit findings, including those related to the Corporation’s internal
               controls, and the Corporation’s progress in remedying any audit findings.
     2.   Meet periodically with the head of internal audit in the absence of management and the shareholders’ auditor.

D. Oversight of the Corporation’s Internal Control System
     1.   Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and internal audit, monitor, report and, where appropriate, provide
          recommendations to the Board of Directors on the following:
          a.   the Corporation’s systems of internal controls over financial reporting;
          b.   the existence of any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
               Corporation’s internal controls over financial reporting;
          c.   compliance with the policies and practices of the Corporation relating to business ethics and code of conduct;
          d.   compliance by Directors, Officers and other management personnel with the Corporation’s Disclosure Policy; and
          e.   the relationship of the Audit Committee with other committees of the Board of Directors, management and the Corporation’s consolidated
               subsidiaries’ audit committees.
     2.   Review and discuss with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation the process for the certifications to be
          provided in the Corporation’s public disclosure documents.
     3.   Review, monitor, report, and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s disclosure controls
          and procedures.
     4.   Establish procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by the Corporation regarding accounting, internal
          accounting controls or auditing matters, including procedures for confidential, anonymous submissions by employees regarding questionable
          accounting or auditing matters.
     5.   Meet periodically with management in the absence of the shareholders’ auditor and internal audit.

E. Oversight of the Corporation’s Financial Reporting and Management Risks
     1.   Review, monitor, report and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s processes for
          identifying, assessing, mitigating, remedying and, where required, reporting major financial reporting and management risk exposures.
     2.   Review, report, and where appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on certain key financial reporting and management
          policies, including the Corporation’s Auditor Independence Policy and Complaints Procedures for Accounting and Auditing Matters, and
          recommend changes as deemed appropriate.

F.   Journalistic Independence
     1.   Consider and approve, on recommendation from the Chief Executive Officer, the appointment and termination of the Vice President responsible
          for CTV News and the Vice President responsible for Noovo News.
     2.   At least annually, obtain and review reports regarding compliance with the Corporation’s Journalistic Independence Policy by each of the Vice
          President responsible for CTV News and the Vice President responsible for Noovo News.

G. Compliance with Legal Requirements
     1.   Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and internal audit, monitor, report and, when appropriate, provide
          recommendations to the Board of Directors on the adequacy of the Corporation’s process for complying with laws and regulations.
                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   57
     2.    Receive, on a periodic basis, reports from the Corporation’s General Counsel or Chief Legal Officer, with respect to the Corporation’s pending or
           threatened material litigation.

III. Evaluation of the Audit Committee and Report to Board of Directors
A.   The Audit Committee shall evaluate and review with the Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis, the
     performance of the Audit Committee.
B.   The Audit Committee shall review and discuss with the Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis, the
     adequacy of the Audit Committee charter.
C.   The Audit Committee shall report to the Board of Directors periodically on the Audit Committee’s activities.

IV. Outside Advisors
The Audit Committee shall have the authority to engage outside counsel and other outside advisors as it deems appropriate to assist the Audit Committee
in the performance of its functions. The Corporation shall provide appropriate funding for such advisors as determined by the Audit Committee.

V. Membership
The Audit Committee shall consist of such number of directors, in no event to be less than three, as the Board of Directors may from time to time by
resolution determine. The members of the Audit Committee shall meet the independence, experience and other membership requirements under
applicable laws, rules and regulations, including stock exchange requirements, as determined by the Board of Directors.

VI. Audit Committee Chair
The Chair of the Audit Committee shall be appointed by the Board of Directors. The Chair of the Audit Committee leads the Audit Committee in all aspects
of its work and is responsible to effectively manage the affairs of the Audit Committee and ensure that it is properly organized and functions efficiently.
More specifically, the Chair of the Audit Committee shall:
A.   Provide leadership to enable the Audit Committee to act effectively in carrying out its duties and responsibilities as described elsewhere in this
     charter and as otherwise may be appropriate;
B.   In consultation with the Board Chair and the Chief Executive Officer, ensure that there is an effective relationship between management and the
     members of the Audit Committee;
C.   Chair meetings of the Audit Committee;
D.   In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Corporate Secretary’s Office and the Board Chair, determine the frequency, dates and locations
     of meetings of the Audit Committee;
E.   In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers, review
     the annual work plan and the meeting agendas to ensure all required business is brought before the Audit Committee to enable it to efficiently carry
     out its duties and responsibilities;
F.   Ensure, in consultation with the Board Chair, that all items requiring the Audit Committee’s approval are appropriately tabled;
G. Ensure the proper flow of information to the Audit Committee and review, with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate
   Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers, the adequacy and timing of materials in support of management’s proposals;
H.   Report to the Board of Directors on the matters reviewed by, and on any decisions or recommendations of, the Audit Committee at the next meeting
     of the Board of Directors following any meeting of the Audit Committee; and
I.   Carry out any special assignments or any functions as requested by the Board of Directors.

VII. Term
The members of the Audit Committee shall be appointed or changed by resolution of the Board of Directors to hold office from the time of their
appointment until the next annual general meeting of the shareholders or until their successors are so appointed.

VIII.Procedures for Meetings
The Audit Committee shall fix its own procedure at meetings and for the calling of meetings. The Audit Committee shall meet separately in executive
session in the absence of management, internal audit and the shareholders’ auditor, at each regularly scheduled meeting.
58        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
IX. Quorum and Voting
Unless otherwise determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors, two members of the Audit Committee shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business at a meeting. For any meeting(s) at which the Audit Committee Chair is absent, the Chair of the meeting shall be the person
present who shall be decided upon by all members present. At a meeting, any question shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast by members of
the Audit Committee, except where only two members are present, in which case any question shall be decided unanimously.

X. Secretary
Unless otherwise determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation or the Corporate Secretary’s delegate
shall be the Secretary of the Audit Committee.

XI. Vacancies
Vacancies at any time occurring shall be filled by resolution of the Board of Directors.

XII. Records
The Audit Committee shall keep such records as it may deem necessary of its proceedings and shall report regularly its activities and recommendations
to the Board of Directors as appropriate.
                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM   59
BCE.CA
                                                                                                                                       Exhibit 99.2
MD&A




Management’s discussion
and analysis
Table of contents
1 Overview                                                         9   5 Business segment analysis                                                 49
  1.1 Introduction                                                 9     5.1 Bell CTS                                                              49
  1.2 About BCE                                                   12     5.2 Bell Media                                                            62
  1.3 Key corporate developments                                  16   6 Financial and capital management                                          67
  1.4 Capital allocation strategy                                 17     6.1 Net debt                                                              67
  1.5 Corporate governance and risk management                    20     6.2 Outstanding share data                                                68
  1.6 Capitals and our corporate responsibility                   23     6.3 Cash flows                                                            69
2 Strategic priorities                                            29     6.4 Post-employment benefit plans                                         71
  2.1 Put the customer first                                      29     6.5 Financial risk management                                             72
  2.2 Deliver the best fibre and wireless networks                29     6.6 Credit ratings                                                        75
  2.3 Lead in enterprise with AI-powered solutions                30     6.7 Liquidity                                                             76
  2.4 Build a digital media and content powerhouse                31     6.8 Litigation                                                            78
3 Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks             32   7 Selected annual and quarterly information                                 79
  3.1 BCE 2025 performance                                        32     7.1 Annual financial information                                          79
  3.2 Business outlook and assumptions                            33     7.2 Quarterly financial information                                       81
  3.3 Principal business risks                                    34   8 Regulatory environment                                                    84
4 Consolidated financial analysis                                 39     8.1 Canadian regulatory environment                                       84
  4.1 Introduction                                                39     8.2 U.S. regulatory environment                                           89
  4.2 Customer connections                                        40   9 Business risks                                                            91
  4.3 Operating revenues                                          42
                                                                       10 Accounting policies                                                     104
  4.4 Operating costs                                             42
  4.5 Net earnings                                                43   11 Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key
                                                                          performance indicators (KPIs)                                           108
  4.6 Adjusted EBITDA                                             43
                                                                          11.1 Non-GAAP financial measures                                        108
  4.7 Severance, acquisition and other costs                      44
                                                                          11.2 Non-GAAP ratios                                                    111
  4.8 Depreciation and amortization                               44
                                                                          11.3 Total of segments measures                                         112
  4.9 Finance costs                                               45
                                                                          11.4 Capital management measures                                        113
  4.10 Impairment of assets                                       45
                                                                          11.5 Supplementary financial measures                                   113
  4.11 Net gains on investments                                   46
                                                                          11.6 KPIs                                                               113
  4.12 Other income (expense)                                     46
  4.13 Income taxes                                               47   12 Effectiveness of internal controls                                      114
  4.14 Net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS   47
  4.15 Capital expenditures                                       48
  4.16 Cash flows                                                 48




                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT     5
MD&A


In this management’s discussion and analysis (MD&A), we, us, our, BCE and           You will find additional information relating to BCE, including BCE’s audited
the company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively,     consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, BCE’s
BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.       annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2025, dated March 5,
Bell means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada or, collectively, Bell   2026 (BCE 2025 AIF) and recent financial reports, on BCE’s website at BCE.ca,
Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.                        on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at sec.gov.
All amounts in this MD&A are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where          Documents and other information contained in BCE’s website or in any other site
noted. Please refer to section 11, Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial     referred to in BCE’s website or in this MD&A are not part of this MD&A and are not
measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) for a list of defined non-GAAP       incorporated by reference herein.
financial measures, other financial measures and KPIs.                              This MD&A comments on our business operations, performance, financial position
Please refer to BCE’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year        and other matters for the two years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.
ended December 31, 2025 when reading this MD&A.
In preparing this MD&A, we have taken into account information available to us
up to March 5, 2026, the date of this MD&A, unless otherwise stated.




6       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
MD&A



Caution regarding forward-looking statements
This MD&A and, in particular, but without limitation, section 1.3, Key corporate          outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities may not be achieved. These
developments, section 1.4, Capital allocation strategy, section 1.6, Capitals and         statements are not guarantees of future performance or events, and we caution
our corporate responsibility, section 2, Strategic priorities, section 3.2, Business      you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
outlook and assumptions, section 5, Business segment analysis, and section                statements are presented in this MD&A for the purpose of assisting investors and
6.7, Liquidity, contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking                 others in understanding our objectives, strategic priorities and business outlook as
statements include, without limitation, statements relating to: the proposed              well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned, however,
disposition of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel) and the expected timing and                 that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.
completion thereof; the potential total number of combined Ziply Fiber-Network            We have made certain economic, market, operational and other assumptions in
FiberCo fibre locations to be reached over the long term; BCE’s capital                   preparing the forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A, and, in
allocation priorities; our objective to create long-term value for our shareholders       particular, but without limitation, the forward-looking statements contained in the
with strong free cash flow generation and a sustainable dividend; BCE’s                   previously mentioned sections of this MD&A. These assumptions include, without
common share dividend and dividend payout policy target; BCE’s expected                   limitation, the assumptions described in the various sub-sections of this MD&A
dividend payout ratio level in the medium term; our objective to maintain                 entitled Assumptions, which sub-sections are incorporated by reference in this
investment-grade credit ratings for Bell Canada’s senior debt; BCE’s net debt             cautionary statement. Subject to various factors, we believe that our assumptions
leverage ratio expected by the end of 2027 and net debt leverage policy target            were reasonable as at March 5, 2026. If our assumptions turn out to be
expected by 2030; the intended use of the net proceeds of Bell Canada’s                   inaccurate, actual results or events could be materially different from what we
February 12, 2026 offering of junior subordinated debt securities; BCE’s network          expect.
deployment plans in Canada and the United States (U.S.) and the benefits
expected to result therefrom; BCE’s network reliability target; the launch of             Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially
Unbreakable Internet in 2026; the successful development and implementation               from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously mentioned forward-looking
of artificial intelligence (AI) solutions, either by us or pursuant to certain            statements and other forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A, include,
partnerships entered into by BCE, as well as the responsible development and              but are not limited to: the negative effect of adverse economic conditions,
use of AI; our goal of $1.5 billion in cost savings by 2028 and the benefits              including the continuation or escalation of trade wars, recessions, U.S. tariffs and
expected to result therefrom; our projected financial performance; BCE’s                  the unpredictability of future trade arrangements, inflation, the value of the
planned capital expenditures; BCE’s expected post-employment benefit plans                Canadian dollar, reductions in immigration levels, high housing support costs
funding and the sources of liquidity we expect to use to meet our 2026 cash               relative to income, and financial and capital market volatility, and the resulting
requirements; our sustainability objectives and the benefits expected to result           negative impact on customer spending, the resulting demand for our products and
therefrom, which include, without limitation, our objectives concerning customer          services, our customers’ financial condition, and the cost and amount of funding
satisfaction and service quality, privacy, information security vigilance, network        available in the capital markets; the negative effect of adverse conditions
reliability and energy intensity, our targeted reductions in the level of our             associated with geopolitical events, including financial and capital market volatility,
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions including, without limitation, our science-                broader geopolitical instability and armed conflicts, higher energy prices,
based targets and carbon abatement objectives, our objectives concerning                  inflationary pressures limiting consumer and business spending and increasing
reductions in waste to landfill, team member well-being and engagement,                   our operating costs, disruptions in our supply chains, and increased information
corporate governance and ethical business conduct leadership; BCE’s business              security threats; the intensity of competitive activity in Canada and the U.S. and
outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities, and other statements that do         the failure to effectively respond to evolving competitive dynamics; the level of
not refer to historical facts. A statement we make is forward-looking when it uses        technological advancements and the presence of alternative service providers
what we know and expect today to make a statement about the future. Forward-              contributing to disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business
looking statements are typically identified by the words assumption, goal,                segments; changing customer behaviour and the expansion of cloud-based,
guidance, objective, outlook, project, strategy, target, commitment and other             over-the-top (OTT) and other alternative solutions; advertising market pressures
similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate,               from economic conditions, fragmentation and non-traditional/global digital
believe, could, expect, intend, may, plan, seek, should, strive and will. All such        services; rising content costs and challenges in our ability to acquire or develop
forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of            key content; high Canadian Internet and smartphone penetration; regulatory
applicable Canadian securities laws and of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation         initiatives, proceedings and decisions, government consultations and government
Reform Act of 1995.                                                                       positions that negatively affect us and influence our business in Canada including,
                                                                                          without limitation, concerning mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions,
Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in this MD&A                 the imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions,
describe our expectations as at March 5, 2026 and, accordingly, are subject to            broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and
change after that date. Except as may be required by applicable securities laws,          cybersecurity obligations, online streaming and digital services regulations, control
we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking                of copyright piracy, and regulatory frameworks governing AI; the inability to
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.           implement enhanced compliance frameworks and to comply with legal and
Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks           regulatory obligations, including the failure to monitor and comply with the U.S.
and uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and                  legal and regulatory requirements to which Ziply Fiber is subject, which may
specific, which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could differ   reduce the amount of subsidies or revenues it receives,
materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, such forward-
looking statements and that our business




                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT         7
MD&A


increase its compliance burdens or constrain its ability to compete; unfavourable         that the proposed disposition will occur, or that it will occur on the terms and
resolution of legal proceedings; the inability to protect our assets and data from        conditions, or at the time, currently contemplated, or that the potential benefits
events such as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire,          expected to result from the proposed disposition will be realized; the failure to
natural disasters, extreme weather events linked to climate change, power loss,           attract, develop and retain a talented team capable of furthering our business
building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism, geopolitical conflict, sabotage,         strategy and operational transformation; the potential deterioration in employee
vandalism, actions of neighbours and other events; the failure to implement               morale and engagement resulting from staff reductions, cost reductions or
effective security, data and responsible AI governance frameworks; the inability          reorganizations, and the de-prioritization of transformation initiatives due to staff
to drive a positive customer experience; the failure to evolve and transform our          reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations; the failure to adequately manage
networks, systems and operations using next-generation technologies while                 health and safety concerns; labour disruptions and shortages; reputational risks
lowering our cost structure, including the failure to meet customer expectations          and the inability to meaningfully integrate sustainability considerations into our
of product and service experience; the use of AI technologies in our business             business strategy, operations and governance; the adverse impact of various
solutions and operations, and by our customers, business partners and third-              internal and external factors on our ability to achieve our sustainability targets
party vendors; the risk that we may need to incur significant capital expenditures        including, without limitation, those related to GHG reduction and supplier
to provide additional capacity and reduce network congestion; service                     engagement; the failure to take appropriate actions to adapt to current and
interruptions or outages due to network failures or slowdowns; the complexity of          emerging environmental impacts, including climate change; the failure to develop
our operations and information technology (IT) systems and the failure to                 and implement sufficient corporate governance practices; the inability to
implement, maintain or manage highly effective processes and IT systems;                  adequately manage social issues; health risks, including pandemics, epidemics
events affecting the functionality of and our ability to protect, test, maintain,         and other health concerns, such as radio frequency emissions from wireless
replace and upgrade our networks, IT systems, equipment and other facilities;             communications devices and equipment; our dependence on third-party suppliers,
the failure by other telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide              outsourcers and consultants to provide an uninterrupted supply of the products
services, to complete planned and sufficient testing, maintenance, replacement            and services we need and comply with various obligations; the failure of our
or upgrade of their networks, equipment and other facilities, which could disrupt         vendor selection, governance and oversight processes, including our
our operations including through network or other infrastructure failures; in-orbit       management of supplier risk in the areas of security, data and AI governance,
and other operational risks to which the satellites used to provide our satellite         privacy and responsible procurement; the quality of our products and services and
television (TV) services are subject; the failure to successfully expand Ziply            the extent to which they may be subject to defects or fail to comply with applicable
Fiber’s fibre network; the inability of Ziply Fiber’s current and future initiatives or   government regulations and standards.
programs to generate the level of returns, or to occur on the timeline, we                These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
anticipate; there can be no assurance that the potential benefits expected to             materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking
result from the formation of Network FiberCo will be realized; the failure to             statements are discussed in this MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business
successfully integrate Ziply Fiber as a subsidiary of BCE, and to generate the            risks, of this MD&A.
anticipated benefits from the acquisition of Ziply Fiber; the inability to access
adequate sources of capital and generate sufficient cash flows from operating             Forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A for periods beyond 2026
activities to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and provide           involve longer-term assumptions and estimates than forward-looking statements
for planned growth; uncertainty as to whether our dividend payout policy will be          for 2026 and are consequently subject to greater uncertainty. Forward-looking
maintained or achieved, or that the dividend on common shares will be                     statements for periods beyond 2026 further assume, unless otherwise indicated,
maintained or dividends on any of BCE’s outstanding shares will be declared by            that the risks described above and in section 9, Business risks, of this MD&A will
BCE’s board of directors (BCE Board); the failure to reduce costs and                     remain substantially unchanged during such periods.
adequately assess investment priorities, as well as unexpected increases in               We caution readers that the risk factors described above and in the previously
costs; the inability to manage various credit, liquidity and market risks; the failure    mentioned section and in other sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that
to accurately anticipate fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Canadian           could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
dollar and U.S. dollar and our inability to successfully implement currency               we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on
hedging strategies; the failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and            our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. We
control fraudulent activities; new or higher taxes due to new tax laws, treaties,         regularly consider potential acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, business
regulations or rules thereunder in Canada, the U.S. or other relevant                     combinations, investments, monetizations, joint arrangements and other
jurisdictions, or changes thereto, or changes in their interpretation or                  transactions, some of which may be significant. Except as otherwise indicated by
enforcement by tax authorities, and the inability to predict the outcome of               us, forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any such
government audits; the impact on our financial statements and estimates from a            transactions or of special items that may be announced or that may occur after
number of factors; pension obligation volatility and increased contributions to           March 5, 2026. The financial impact of these transactions and special items can
post-employment benefit plans; the expected timing and completion of the                  be complex and depends on facts particular to each of them. We therefore cannot
proposed disposition of Northwestel are subject to closing conditions,                    describe the expected impact in a meaningful way, or in the same way we present
termination rights and other risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation,      known risks affecting our business.
the purchaser securing financing, which may affect its completion, terms or
timing and, as such, there can be no assurance




8        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A    Overview



1           Overview
1.1         Introduction
At a glance
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company,(1) leading the way in                  Bell CTS U.S., comprised of Ziply Fiber, provides wireline communication
advanced fibre and wireless networks, enterprise services and digital media.           products and services over a combined fibre-based and copper-based network, to
BCE delivers next-generation technology that leverages cloud-based and                 residential, business and wholesale customers in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S.
AI-driven solutions. BCE provides residential, business and wholesale                  Wireline products and services consist of data (including broadband Internet with
customers with a wide range of solutions for all their communications needs.           varying speeds and value-added features, commercial ethernet, dedicated
BCE’s shares are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange and on the              Internet-non-switched access and other data transport networking options) and
New York Stock Exchange (TSX, NYSE: BCE).                                              voice (traditional and voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) voice services, including
On August 1, 2025, BCE acquired Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider       local, long distance, and unified communications as a service (UCaaS) and Video
in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. providing wireline, Internet and TV services      (IPTV)).
to residential, business and wholesale customers in this region. The results from      Bell Media holds a portfolio of assets providing premium video, audio,
the acquired Ziply Fiber operations are included in a new segment, Bell                out-of-home (OOH) advertising, and digital media services to customers nationally
Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS) U.S., from the date of                across Canada.
acquisition.                                                                           We also hold investments in a number of other assets, including:
Our results are subsequently reported in three segments: Bell CTS Canada, Bell         • a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel)
CTS U.S. and Bell Media. Our segments reflect how we manage our business
and how we classify our operations for planning and measuring performance.             • a 20.2% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens
                                                                                         Hockey Club, evenko and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as
Bell CTS Canada provides a wide range of communication products and
                                                                                         Place Bell in Laval, Québec
services to consumer, business and government customers across Canada.
Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans, streaming
services, and devices and are available nationally. Wireline products and
services comprise data (including Internet access, Internet protocol television
(IPTV), cloud-based services, AI-driven solutions and business solutions), voice,
streaming services, and other communication services and products, which are
available to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large
enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are
available nationally across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our
wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data
and other services from or to resellers and other carriers, as well as, in 2024, the
results of operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source
(Bell) Electronics Inc. (The Source). In 2024, Bell wound down The Source head
office and back office operations, as well as closed 107 The Source stores.




(1) Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.

                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       9
1 MD&A   Overview


Our purpose
BCE’s purpose is to advance how people connect with each other and the world.    strengthening our position as the leading provider in Canada of comprehensive
Our brand platform, Connection is everything, underscores our fundamental role   communications services to residential, business and wholesale customers; as a
in facilitating connections – enabling individuals and businesses to forge       leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. through Ziply
meaningful relationships, opportunities and experiences with each other, their   Fiber; and as Canada’s leading media and entertainment company. Across our
communities and the wider world.                                                 operations, we seek to leverage our scale, networks, infrastructure, distribution
As Canada’s largest communications company, we strive to create exceptional      channels, brand and marketing capabilities to create value for customers,
experiences and positive, lasting impacts for the customers, businesses and      shareholders and other stakeholders.
communities we serve. Reliable, high-performance connectivity and digital        Our strategy is guided by four interconnected priorities that bring our purpose to
solutions are foundational to modern life, supporting economic growth, social    life while strengthening customer experience, improving operational efficiency and
inclusion and innovation across the country. By continuing to invest in world-   supporting long-term value creation. These priorities are underpinned by our
class fibre and wireless networks and by deploying cloud-based, AI-enabled       unique and differentiated assets across fibre, wireless, enterprise and media, and
technologies, we aim to help individuals, businesses and public institutions     are focused on driving sustainable growth through network leadership, digital
thrive in an increasingly digital and data-driven world.                         transformation and customer-focused innovation. Execution of our strategy is
Our primary business objectives are to grow our subscriber base profitably and   supported by a disciplined capital allocation approach tailored to a reshaped
to maximize revenues, operating profit, free cash flow and return on invested    operating environment, reinforcing our objective to driving total shareholder return.
capital. We pursue these objectives by




Our alignment to the International Integrated Reporting Framework
Following the principles of the International Integrated Reporting Framework     business operations, guided by our strategic priorities and use of capitals. Our
(<IR> Framework), now part of the IFRS® Foundation, Bell released,               capitals are outlined below and serve as inputs that are transformed through our
concurrently with this MD&A, an Integrated Annual Report which contains a        business strategy and strategic priorities resulting in outcomes that seek to create
strategic overview outlining our sustainable value creation process. This        value for our stakeholders over time.
strategic overview discloses how we seek to generate sustainable value for our
stakeholders as the result of our




To increase the connectivity of information, we have incorporated the icons representing our six capitals described above throughout this MD&A to highlight the
respective linkage between our capitals and the topics discussed.




10       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A    Overview


BCE 2025 consolidated results




BCE customer connections




(1) Adjusted EBITDA is a total of segments measure, and adjusted net earnings and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. See section 11.3, Total of segments measures and section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
    measures in this MD&A for more information on these measures.
(2) In Q4 2025, after a comprehensive review of Ziply Fiber subscriber accounts following our acquisition on August 1, 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet and retail residential NAS subscriber bases, by 13,029
    and 1,106 customers, respectively, to align with Bell methodology for customer deactivations.
(3) In Q3 2025, Bell CTS Canada reduced its postpaid mobile phone and connected device subscriber bases by 51,541 and 7,867, respectively, following a review of a public sector customer account to eliminate
    subscribers with no usage.
(4) In Q3 2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, Bell CTS U.S. retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 442,225, 6,089 and 84,440
    subscribers, respectively.
(5) In Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases by 80,666, 441 and 14,150 subscribers, respectively, in Bell CTS Canada, as at March 31, 2025, as we
    stopped selling new plans for these services under the Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C brands. Additionally, at the beginning of Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base by 2,783
    subscribers in Bell CTS Canada to adjust for prior year customer deactivations following a review of customer accounts.
(6) In Q4 2024, we removed 124,216 Bell prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base in Bell CTS Canada as at December 31, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as
    of that date.
(7) In Q3 2024, we removed 77,971 Virgin Plus prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base in Bell CTS Canada as at September 30, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this
    service as of that date. Additionally, as a result of a recent Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services, we are no longer able to
    resell cable Internet services to new customers in our wireline footprint as of September 12, 2024, and consequently, in Bell CTS Canada, we removed all of the existing 106,259 cable subscribers in our wireline footprint
    from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as of that date.
(8) In Q2 2024, we increased our retail IPTV subscriber base by 40,997 in Bell CTS Canada to align the deactivation policy for our Fibe TV streaming services to our traditional Fibe TV service.

                                                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                    11
1 MD&A    Overview




1.2          About BCE
On August 1, 2025, BCE completed its acquisition of Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. The results of the acquired Ziply
Fiber operations are included, from the date of acquisition, in a new operating segment, Bell CTS U.S. The results of BCE’s Canadian wireless and wireline operations
are reported under Bell CTS Canada.
BCE reports its 2025 results in three operating segments: Bell CTS Canada, Bell CTS U.S. and Bell Media. In this section, we describe the principal products and
services offered by each segment to provide additional insight into our business and operations.

Our products and services



Bell CTS Canada
Segment description                                                                                              Our brands include
• Provides a wide range of communication products and services to consumer,
  business and government customers across Canada
• Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans,
  streaming services, and devices and are available nationally
• Wireline products and services comprise data (including Internet access,
  IPTV, cloud-based services, AI-powered solutions and business solutions),
  streaming services, voice, and other communication services and products,
  which are available to our residential, small and medium-sized business and
  large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic
  provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to
  business customers are available nationally across Canada
• Enterprise solutions are delivered across four pillars: core communications
  services; AI automation, managed service and service integration through
  Ateko; cybersecurity through Bell Cyber; and full-stack AI solutions through
  Bell AI Fabric
• Includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long
  distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers, and
  the wireline operations of Northwestel, which provides telecommunications
  services in Canada’s Northern Territories (1)

Our networks and reach
We hold wireless spectrum licences across multiple spectrum bands and                                            • Peak theoretical mobile data access download speeds: 5G+, up to 3.64
regions throughout Canada, totalling more than 8.6 billion megahertz per                                           gigabit(s) per second (Gbps) in select markets; 5G, up to 1.7 Gbps (average
population (MHz-Pop), corresponding to an average of approximately 234                                             expected speeds of 89 to 705 megabits per second (Mbps)) in markets across
megahertz (MHz) of spectrum per Canadian.                                                                          Canada; LTE-A, up to 1.5 Gbps (average expected speeds of 25 to 325 Mbps)
The vast majority of our wireless cell sites are connected by fibre-based                                          in markets across Canada; LTE, up to 150 Mbps (expected average speeds of
backhaul, supporting higher capacity, faster speeds and improved network                                           18 to 40 Mbps); high-speed packet access plus (HSPA+), up to 42 Mbps
reliability. In addition, we continue to enhance in-building wireless coverage to                                  (expected average speeds of 7 to 14 Mbps) (2)
strengthen LTE and Fifth Generation (5G) service performance.                                                    • Reverts to LTE/LTE-A technology and speeds when customers are outside 5G
We operate a nationwide Fourth Generation (4G) Long-Term Evolution (LTE)                                           and 5G+ coverage areas
wireless broadband network compatible with global standards, delivering high-                                    • Bell also operates a LTE-category M1 (LTE-M) network, which is a subset of
quality and reliable voice and high-speed data services to virtually all                                           our LTE network, supporting low-power Internet of Things (IoT) applications
Canadians. We also operate 5G and 5G+ wireless networks, which offer faster                                        with enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and enabling lower costs for
speeds and lower latency, and continue to expand their coverage across                                             IoT devices connecting to Bell’s national network. Our LTE-M network is
Canada.                                                                                                            available in most Canadian provinces.
• Overall LTE coverage of more than 99% of Canada’s population, with LTE                                         • Extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
  Advanced (LTE-A) covering 96% of the population, 5G covering 89% of the                                          Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories
  population and 5G+ covering 65% of the population at December 31, 2025




(1) In June 2024, Bell Canada entered into an agreement for the disposition of Northwestel to Sixty North Unity, a consortium of Indigenous communities from the Yukon, the Northwest Territories and Nunavut, for up to
    $1 billion, subject to adjustments. We previously expected this transaction to close in 2025 and we continue to work with Sixty North Unity to close the transaction in 2026. The transaction remains subject to certain
    closing conditions, including securing financing by Sixty North Unity and, as such, there can be no assurance that the transaction will ultimately be consummated. The results of Northwestel are included in our Bell CTS
    Canada segment.
(2) Network speeds vary with location, signal and customer device. Compatible device required.

12         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A   Overview


• Fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) footprint covering approximately 8 million homes       • Largest Internet protocol (IP) multi-protocol label switching footprint of any
  and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba               Canadian provider, enabling us to offer business customers a virtual private
• Wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) footprint covering approximately 1 million            network (VPN) service for IP traffic and to optimize bandwidth for real-time
  locations primarily in rural areas. WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless                voice and TV
  technology delivered over Bell’s LTE wireless network that provides                We have more than 7,000 retail points of distribution across Canada, including
  broadband residential Internet access to smaller and underserved                   over 1,000 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile, Best Buy Express and Staples
  communities.                                                                       locations, as well as Glentel-operated locations (WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth
                                                                                     wireless and The Mobile Shop) and other third-party dealer and retail locations.

Our wireless products and services
• Data and voice plans: From plans focused on affordability to premium               • Travel: international roaming in over 230 destinations, with LTE roaming in 216
  services, we have plans that cater to all customer segments, available on            destinations and 5G roaming in 135 destinations
  either postpaid or prepaid options, including unlimited data, shareable, device    • Mobile business solutions: push-to-talk, field service management, worker
  financing plans and Connect Everything plans. Our services provide fast              safety and mobility management
  Internet access for video, social networking, messaging and mobile
  applications, as well as a host of call features.                                  • IoT solutions: fleet management, asset management, building and site
                                                                                       management, municipal operations, integrated smart city ecosystem with Esri
• Specialized plans: for tablets, smartwatches, Connected Car, mobile
  Internet, trackers, laptops and security cameras                                   • Bundles: multi-product bundles of Internet, TV, streaming, home phone and
                                                                                       mobility with monthly discounts
• Extensive selection of devices: the latest 5G and 5G+ smartphones,
  tablets, smartwatches, mobile Internet devices and connected things (Bell
  Connected Car, trackers, connected home and lifestyle)

Our wireline products and services
Residential                                                                          Business
• Internet: High-speed Internet access delivered through fibre-optic broadband       • Internet and network solutions: Business Internet and advanced network
  technology, 5G-capable WTTP technology or digital subscriber line (DSL),             solutions delivered through Bell’s end-to-end network, cloud and security
  with a range of service options including Wi-Fi, unlimited usage and security        capabilities. Offerings include business Internet access, Bell Managed Satellite
  features. Bell’s Internet service, marketed as Fibe Internet, offers symmetrical     Connect, Bell Managed SD-WAN, private networks, global network connectivity,
  download and upload speeds of up to 8 Gbps using FTTP technology, and                managed services and professional services.
  download speeds of up to 100 Mbps using fibre-to-the-node (FTTN). Bell also        • Voice and Collaboration: A range of voice and collaboration solutions,
  offers Wireless Home Internet (WHI), a fixed wireless service that delivers          including UCaaS, traditional local and long distance voice services, cloud-
  broadband download speeds of up to 50 Mbps in areas where fibre-based                based voice over VoIP services, and advanced calling solutions with
  services are not available.                                                          customizable features
• TV: IPTV service marketed as Fibe TV, as well as nationwide satellite TV           • Cloud: Cloud and workflow solutions delivered through Ateko, Bell’s technology
  service. Bell’s hardware-free, app-based Fibe TV service provides access to a        services brand, which operates as both a systems integrator and managed
  broad selection of live and on-demand content, including content available in        services provider. Cloud offerings also include public multi-access edge
  4K resolution ultra-high-definition on compatible devices, without the need for      computing (MEC) services with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Wavelength,
  traditional set-top boxes (STBs). Key features include cloud personal video          cloud connectivity solutions, and backup and disaster recovery services.
  recorder (PVR), restart and transactional video-on-demand (TVOD)
  functionality. The Fibe TV app is available on compatible Smart TVs and            • Cybersecurity: End-to-end cybersecurity solutions delivered through Bell
  streaming devices, including Samsung, LG and Roku Smart TVs, as well as              Cyber, including Security-as-a-Service (SECaaS), real-time threat detection,
  Amazon Fire TV, Google Chromecast, Roku Streaming Stick and Apple TV.                and advanced Security Operations Centre (SOC) capabilities
• Streaming: Bell Streaming bundles access to premium streaming services,            • Contact centre: Cloud-based contact centre solutions incorporating
  including Crave, Netflix and Disney+, and provides customers with monthly            AI-powered features and advanced analytics to support customer engagement
  bundle discounts, simplified billing and the flexibility to manage and modify        and operational efficiency
  streaming subscriptions through Bell                                               • AI Fabric: Full-stack sovereign AI solutions, including purpose-built data centre
• Home Phone: local telephone service, long distance and a range of                    infrastructure and access to an ecosystem of partners and solutions featuring
  advanced calling features                                                            advanced large language models (LLMs), high-performance graphics
                                                                                       processing units (GPUs) and AI inferencing capabilities




                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       13
1 MD&A     Overview


Bell CTS U.S.
Segment description                                                                                          Our brand
• On August 1, 2025, BCE completed its acquisition of Ziply Fiber, the leading
  fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. The results of the
  acquired Ziply Fiber operations are included, from the date of acquisition, in a
  new operating segment, Bell CTS U.S.
• Ziply Fiber provides wireline communication products and services to
  residential, business and wholesale customers in the Pacific Northwest of the
  U.S.
• Wireline products and services primarily consist of data services, including
  broadband Internet access with a range of speed tiers and value-added
  features, commercial Ethernet, dedicated Internet access and other data
  transport solutions, as well as voice services delivered over IP-based
  networks


Our networks and reach                                                                                       Our wireline products and services
• FTTP network infrastructure serving approximately 1.4 million fibre passings                               Residential
  across Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Montana                                                               • Internet: High-speed FTTP Internet services delivering symmetrical download
• Purpose-built, IP-based fibre network architecture designed for scalability,                                 and upload speeds across a range of speed tiers, including multi-gigabit
  redundancy, high reliability and long-term expansion                                                         offerings of up to 50 Gbps
• Fibre network infrastructure supporting residential, business and wholesale                                • Voice: Fibre-based voice services offering local and long distance calling and a
  connectivity, including interconnection with other service providers and                                     range of calling features, delivered over IP-based networks
  enterprise customers
• Through Network FiberCo, (1) BCE has access to additional U.S. fibre routes
                                                                                                             Business
  and expansion opportunities, enabling accelerated fibre deployment beyond                                  • Connectivity solutions: Fibre-based connectivity solutions for enterprise and
  Ziply Fiber’s existing footprint                                                                             wholesale customers, including Internet access, Ethernet, wavelength, private
                                                                                                               line and IP transit services, as well as IP-based voice services and fibre
                                                                                                               connectivity to third-party data centres


Bell Media
Segment description                                                                                          Our brands include
• Canada’s leading media and entertainment company with a portfolio of assets
  in premium video, audio and OOH advertising, and digital media, monetized
  through traditional and digital platforms
• Revenues are derived primarily from advertising and subscriber fees
     • Conventional TV, radio, and OOH revenues are derived from advertising
     • Distribution of our TV and video products through partners result in revenue
       derived from subscription fees and advertising
     • Direct-to-consumer (DTC) streaming services revenue is derived from
       subscription fees and advertising



Our assets and reach
Video                                                                                                        • 5 DTC streaming services, including Crave, the exclusive home of HBO and
• 35 conventional TV stations, including CTV, Canada’s #1 conventional                                         Max Originals in Canada, STARZ, TSN, TSN+, and RDS
  network for 24 consecutive years in primetime A25-54, together with its digital                            • 13 English and French-language free, ad-supported streaming television
  platforms CTV.ca, Canada’s leading advertising-based video on demand                                         (FAST) channels, featuring a selection of acclaimed and fan-favourite
  (AVOD) platform, and CTVNews.ca, one of the country’s leading digital news                                   entertainment, factual, news, and sports programming. All 13 channels are
  destinations. Bell Media also operates the French-language Noovo network                                     available on LG Channels, Samsung TV Plus, Plex, and The Roku Channel
  in Québec, including its popular AVOD platform and digital news destination,
  Noovo.info
• 24 specialty TV channels, including TSN, one of Canada’s sports leaders and
  RDS, the top French-language sports network




(1) Network FiberCo is a long-term strategic partnership between BCE and Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSP Investments), one of Canada’s largest pension investors, established to accelerate the development
    of fibre infrastructure through Ziply Fiber in underserved markets in the U.S.

14         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A   Overview


Audio                                                                                 • NBCUniversal Global TV Distribution: A licensing agreement with USA
• Bell Media owns the iHeartRadio Canada brand, with a wide range of content            Network and Oxygen True Crime in Canada
  including more than 360 licensed Canadian radio stations across 170                 • STARZ: long-term agreement with Lionsgate for premium STARZ programming
  markets, hundreds of thousands of podcasts, playlists, and on demand                  in Canada
  content. In September 2025, Bell Media and iHeartMedia announced a long-            • iHeartRadio: exclusive partnership for digital and streaming music services in
  term extension of their exclusive partnership, also providing Bell Media with         Canada
  Canadian representation of iHeartRadio’s extensive podcast portfolio.
• Bell Media also provides access to local radio programming and additional           Other assets
  content live and on-demand via the iHeartRadio website and app.                     • Montréal’s Octane Racing Group Inc., promoter of the F1 Canadian Grand Prix,
  iHeartRadio Canada is advancing the digital transformation of Bell Media’s            the largest annual sports and tourism event in the country
  local radio stations, offering Canadian and international programming, curated
  playlists, and exclusive digital streaming channels. The iHeartRadio Canada         • Majority interest in Sphere Abacus, a global content distribution company that
  app, which debuted a slate of new features in September 2025, includes                serves as the primary international distributor of Bell Media’s owned rights
  custom push notifications, in-app messaging, presets, a live radio dial, lyrics,    • Equity interest in Dome Productions Partnership, one of North America’s
  and real-time listener interaction through its ‘talkback’ service.                    leading providers of sports and other event production and broadcast facilities

OOH advertising                                                                       • Minority interest in Montréal’s Grandé Studios, a Montréal-based multipurpose
                                                                                        TV, film and equipment company which provides production facilities,
• Astral Media Inc. (Astral), among Canada’s leading OOH advertising                    equipment rentals, and technical services
  companies, includes a network of strategically located advertising faces
  spanning across the country in 50 markets                                           Our products and services
• Astral offers five product lines: outdoor advertising, street furniture, airport,   • Varied and extensive array of video content to broadcast distributors across
  large digital format and transit                                                      Canada
• In 2024, Bell Media completed its acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.’s              • Advertising on our video, audio, digital and OOH properties to both local and
  Canadian OOH media business, OUTEDGE Media Canada (OUTEDGE)                           national advertisers across a wide range of industry sectors

Broadcast rights                                                                      • Strategic partnerships to advance advertising opportunities for clients, such
                                                                                        as becoming the exclusive Canadian sales partner for Tubi; expanding its
• Sports: long-term media rights to key sports properties and official Canadian         Outcomes Measurement offering through a partnership with Loblaw Advance;
  broadcaster of the Super Bowl, Grey Cup and International Ice Hockey                  shoppable experiences with Shopsense AI; integrating tools from the Bell
  Federation (IIHF) World Junior Championship. Live sports coverage includes            Marketing Platform (BMP) into The Trade Desk’s Kokai platform
  the Montréal Canadiens, Winnipeg Jets, Ottawa Senators, and Toronto Maple
  Leafs, and Canadian Football League (CFL), National Football League (NFL),          • Bell Ads for Business, an advertising platform that allows local businesses
  National Basketball Association (NBA), Professional Women’s Hockey                    across Canada to utilize Bell’s premium Canadian data and target intended
  League (PWHL), Major League Soccer (MLS), Fédération Internationale de                audiences
  Football Association (FIFA) World Cup events, Curling’s Season of                   • Crave is the largest Canadian-owned streamer delivering an unparalleled
  Champions, Golf’s Majors, NASCAR, Formula 1 (F1), Grand Slam Tennis,                  content offering with HBO and Max Originals, STARZ, Hollywood-hit movies,
  National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) March Madness, Northern               and more. It also boasts an ever-growing and globally renowned slate of
  Super League (NSL), FIBA Basketball, and more.                                        English and French original series. Crave is offered through a number of
• Warner Bros. Discovery: Crave extended a long-term licensing agreement                Canadian TV providers and is available directly to all Canadian Internet
  with Warner Bros. Discovery that sees Crave continuing to be the home of              subscribers as an OTT service.
  HBO and Max Originals, as well as new cable series, library TV series, and          • TSN, TSN+, and RDS streaming services offering live and on-demand TSN and
  pay and post-pay window rights for Warner Bros. films. The agreement also             RDS content directly to consumers through an annual or monthly subscription
  feeds CTV, and Bell Media’s suite of Specialty channels with Warner Bros.             on computers, tablets, mobile devices, Apple TV and other streaming devices,
  Discovery’s iconic content.                                                           which can also be bundled with Crave

Other BCE investments
BCE also holds investments in a number of other assets, including:
• a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel, a Canadian-based connected
  services retailer
• a 20.2% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal
  Canadiens Hockey Club, evenko (a promoter and producer of cultural and
  sports events) and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place Bell
  in Laval, Québec




                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT      15
1 MD&A    Overview


Our people


Employees
At the end of 2025, our team consisted of 38,683 employees, a decrease of
1,707 employees, compared to 40,390 employees at the end of 2024, driven by
workforce reductions, natural attrition and retirements, partly offset by an
increase in our employee base as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on
August 1, 2025 and other small acquisitions made in the year.
Approximately 39% of total BCE employees were represented by labour unions
at December 31, 2025.

Bell Code of Business Conduct
The ethical business conduct of our people is core to the integrity with which we
operate our business. The Bell Code of Business Conduct sets out specific
expectations and accountabilities, providing employees with practical guidelines
to conduct business in an ethical manner. The Bell Code of Business Conduct
applies to employees and directors, setting expectations for responsible
behaviour and requiring annual training and attestations.




1.3         Key corporate developments

This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to the potential total number of combined Ziply Fiber-Network FiberCo fibre locations to
be reached over the long term. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

Completion of Ziply Fiber acquisition
On August 1, 2025, BCE completed its previously announced acquisition of Ziply                               accelerate the development of fibre infrastructure through Ziply Fiber, in
Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., for                         underserved markets in the U.S. Combined with the completion of the Ziply Fiber
cash consideration of $3.64 billion in U.S. dollars ($5.01 billion in Canadian                               acquisition, this long-term strategic partnership will enable Bell to potentially reach
dollars), and the assumption of outstanding net debt (1) of approximately                                    up to 8 million fibre locations in the U.S., reinforcing its position as the third-largest
$1.9 billion in U.S. dollars ($2.6 billion in Canadian dollars) at closing. To                               fibre Internet provider in North America. The results of Ziply Fiber are included in
accelerate expansion into the U.S. market, BCE and PSP Investments                                           our Bell CTS U.S. segment.
announced on May 8, 2025 the formation of Network FiberCo, a long-term
strategic partnership to

Disposition of minority stake in MLSE
On July 1, 2025, BCE completed the previously announced sale of its 37.5%                                    Ziply Fiber. As part of the MLSE transaction, Bell Media has secured access to
ownership stake in Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) for                                       content rights for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors on TSN through
$4.7 billion to Rogers Communications Inc. (Rogers). BCE directed the net                                    the 2043/2044 season via a long-term agreement with Rogers.
proceeds of this disposition towards its acquisition of

BCE executive team update
On May 20, 2025, Mark McDonald was promoted to the role of Executive Vice-                                   Also on May 20, 2025, Hadeer Hassaan assumed an expanded role as EVP and
President (EVP) and Chief Technology Officer. In his new role, Mark is                                       Chief Information and Customer Experience Officer. In this role, Hadeer ensures
responsible for Bell’s network strategy and infrastructure, as well as maximizing                            Bell’s customer-first approach is supported by the right data and information,
the potential of key technologies like 5G and fibre.                                                         leveraging technology to create a seamless and positive experience for Bell’s
                                                                                                             customers. She also leads Bell’s cloud services strategy.




(1) Net debt is a non-GAAP financial measure. See section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

16        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A    Overview




1.4          Capital allocation strategy


This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to BCE’s capital allocation priorities; our objective to create long-term value for its
shareholders with strong free cash flow generation and a sustainable dividend; BCE’s common share dividend and dividend payout policy target; BCE’s expected
dividend payout ratio level in the medium term; our objective to maintain investment-grade credit ratings for Bell Canada’s senior debt; BCE’s net debt leverage ratio
expected by the end of 2027 and net debt leverage policy target expected by 2030; the intended use of the net proceeds of Bell Canada’s February 12, 2026 offering of
junior subordinated debt securities; and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking
statements at the beginning of this MD&A.
Our capital allocation priorities are focused on strengthening the balance sheet, funding our strategic priorities and returning capital to shareholders in a disciplined
manner. We are executing against a clear framework designed for our current operating environment, with an emphasis on deleveraging, optimizing our cost of capital
and maintaining financial flexibility. At the same time, we continue to invest in initiatives that support long-term growth, including AI-powered enterprise solutions, digital
media and fibre expansion in the U.S. Our approach to capital allocation is underpinned by strong free cash flow generation and a sustainable dividend, and is focused
on creating long-term value for shareholders.

Dividend and dividend payout policy
BCE has a long-standing objective of returning capital to shareholders through a                                 As announced in May 2025, BCE committed to providing, on an annual basis, the
sustainable common share dividend. Our dividend payout policy is an integral                                     implied dividend payout ratio calculated on the basis of free cash flow after
component of our capital allocation framework and is designed to balance                                         payment of lease liabilities, in addition to the dividend payout ratio assessed
shareholder returns with the funding requirements of our strategic priorities and                                against our policy framework. This financial measure is provided to enhance
the maintenance of a strong balance sheet.                                                                       transparency for investors regarding cash available for dividend payments after
In May 2025, following a comprehensive review of the macroeconomic,                                              lease repayments and does not form part of BCE’s dividend payout policy, which
regulatory and competitive environments of BCE, the BCE Board established                                        continues to be assessed against free cash flow.
the annualized dividend at $1.75 per BCE common share effective starting from                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025, the implied dividend payout ratio based
the July 15, 2025 dividend payment date. At the same time, BCE’s common                                          on free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities (1) was approximately 99%,
share dividend payout policy was updated to target a dividend payout range of                                    reflecting the transitional nature of the year following the mid-year reset of the
40% to 55% of free cash flow. This revised policy reflects the BCE Board’s focus                                 dividend level.
on enhancing financial flexibility, supporting accelerated deleveraging and                                      The dividend payout policy is intended to provide a long-term framework for
optimizing BCE’s cost of capital in the current operating and capital market                                     BCE’s approach to allocating cash generated by the business, is not intended to
environment, while maintaining a meaningful and sustainable dividend for                                         restrict the discretion of the BCE Board in declaring dividends and does not bind
shareholders.                                                                                                    BCE in declaring any set amount of dividend. BCE’s dividend policy, setting the
The dividend payout policy is designed to remain consistent in the long term. As                                 common share dividend rate and the declaration of dividends are subject to the
a result, dividends are not automatically reduced in a year when free cash flow                                  discretion of the BCE Board and, consequently, there can be no guarantee that
is lower or increased in a year when free cash flow is higher.                                                   BCE’s dividend payout policy will be maintained or achieved, that the dividend on
On February 5, 2026, the BCE Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.4375                                      common shares will be maintained, or that dividends will be declared. Dividend
per common share, payable on April 15, 2026 to shareholders of record at the                                     rates and the declaration of dividends by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent
close of business on March 16, 2026.                                                                             on BCE’s corporate strategy, operations, and financial results, which are, in turn,
                                                                                                                 subject to various assumptions and risks, including those outlined in this MD&A.
For the year ended December 31, 2025, BCE’s dividend payout ratio (1) was
approximately 64% of free cash flow, which is above the target policy range,
reflecting the transitional nature of the year following the mid-year reset of the
dividend level. The dividend payout ratio is expected to trend toward the target
policy range over the medium term, supported by continued free cash flow
generation, disciplined capital investment and our ongoing focus on balance
sheet optimization.




(1) Dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio after payment of lease liabilities are non-GAAP ratios. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on these measures.

                                                                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT   17
1 MD&A    Overview


Executive compensation alignment
BCE is focused on a pay-for-performance approach for all team members,                                        The mix of vehicles awarded under BCE’s long-term incentive plan favours the
including our executives. In order to attract, motivate and retain top talent, the                            execution of multiple objectives. They are structured to create sustainable value
company offers a competitive total compensation package.                                                      for shareholders by attracting, motivating and retaining the executive officers
• Base salary: rewards the scope and responsibilities of a position, with target                              needed to drive the business strategy, and rewarding them for delivering on our
  positioning at the median of our comparator group                                                           goal of advancing how people connect with each other and the world, through the
                                                                                                              successful execution of our strategic priorities. We have strong alignment of
• Annual incentive: encourages strong performance against yearly corporate                                    interest between shareholders and management through our equity-based
  and individual objectives                                                                                   incentive plans.
• Long-term incentive: aligns with long-term interests of shareholders


                                                  • Stringent share ownership requirements
  Best practices
                                                  • Emphasis on pay at risk for executive compensation
  adopted by
                                                  • Double trigger change-in-control policy
  BCE                                             • Anti-hedging policy on share ownership and incentive compensation
  for executive
                                                  • Clawbacks for the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all EVPs
  compensation
                                                  • Caps on BCE supplemental executive retirement plans and annual bonus payouts,
                                                    in addition to long-term incentive grants
                                                  • Vesting criteria aligned to shareholder interests



Capital allocation priorities
Consistent with our capital markets objective to return capital to shareholders
through a sustainable dividend, while maintaining appropriate levels of capital
investment, investment-grade credit ratings for Bell’s senior debt and overall
financial flexibility, we deploy excess free cash flow and divestiture proceeds,
when available, in a balanced manner. Our capital allocation priorities include,
but are not limited to, the following uses:
• Funding of strategic acquisitions and investments that support the growth of
  our business, including wireless spectrum purchases
• Debt reduction, with a focus on strengthening the balance sheet and
  supporting deleveraging objectives
• Share buybacks of preferred shares through a normal course issuer bid
  (NCIB) program, when appropriate
In 2025, excess free cash flow (1) of $1,152 million, compared to negative
$725 million in 2024, was deployed primarily toward acquisitions and strategic
partnerships aligned with our strategic priorities, as well as the repayment of
long-term debt. The year-over-year increase in excess free cash flow was
attributable to lower cash dividends paid on common shares following the                                      This graph compares the yearly change in the cumulative annual total shareholder
mid-year reset of the annualized common share dividend level, as well as higher                               return of BCE common shares against the cumulative annual total return of the
free cash flow, primarily reflecting lower capital expenditures compared to the                               S&P Global Ratings Canada, a business unit of S&P Global Canada Corp.
prior year.                                                                                                   (S&P)/TSX Composite Index (3), for the five-year period ending December 31,
                                                                                                              2025, assuming an initial investment of $100 on December 31, 2020 and the
                                                                                                              quarterly reinvestment of all dividends.




(1) Excess free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(2) Based on BCE’s common share price on the TSX and assuming the reinvestment of dividends.
(3) As the headline index for the Canadian equity market, the S&P/TSX Composite Index is the primary gauge against which to measure total shareholder return for Canadian-based, TSX-listed companies.

18        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A    Overview


Capital structure
BCE’s balance sheet is supported by a strong liquidity position and prudent                                       and optimize our cost of capital, while proactively managing financial risks,
financial risk management. At December 31, 2025, available liquidity (1) totalled                                 including foreign currency exposure on U.S. dollar denominated purchases, equity
$2.5 billion, comprised of $314 million in cash, $6 million in cash equivalents,                                  risk associated with long-term equity-based incentive plans, and interest rate and
$700 million available under our securitized receivables program, and                                             foreign currency exposure related to our debt portfolio. Maintaining investment-
$1.5 billion available under our $4.0 billion committed revolving and expansion                                   grade credit ratings for Bell’s senior debt remains a key financial objective.
credit facilities. We continue to monitor the capital markets for opportunities to
lower our cost of debt


   Long-term public debt                                                    Liquidity position (2)                                                        Investment-grade credit ratings
   maturity profile                                                         • $1.5 billion available under our $4.0 billion                               for Bell’s senior debt (2) (3)
   • $750 million of publicly issued debt securities                          multi-year committed credit facilities                                      • Long-term debt credit rating of BBB by DBRS
     maturing in 2026 pre-financed and early                                • $700 million receivables securitization available                             Limited (DBRS), Baa 2 by Moody’s Investors
     redeemed                                                                 capacity                                                                      Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and BBB by S&P
   • $1.5 billion of hybrid securities issued in                            • $314 million cash
     February 2026
                                                                            • $6 million in cash equivalents


We monitor our capital structure by using a number of measures, principally the                                   issuance in the U.S. of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes in two
net debt leverage ratio and dividend payout ratio.                                                                series (A and B) (the Series A and B Notes), $1,250 million from the issuance in
At December 31, 2025, our net debt leverage ratio (4) was 3.78 times adjusted                                     Canada of Series C Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes (the Series C
EBITDA, compared to 3.81 times adjusted EBITDA at December 31, 2024. This                                         Notes), and $2.0 billion from the issuance in Canada of medium-term note (MTN)
improvement occurred despite the closing of the Ziply Fiber acquisition, which                                    debentures. The net proceeds were used to redeem, repay or repurchase Bell
was funded from the net proceeds of BCE’s divestiture of its ownership stake in                                   Canada’s senior indebtedness, fund the redemption of Ziply Fiber’s outstanding
MLSE, together with cash on hand. Our leverage levels remain above our                                            debt securities totalling $1.96 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $2.7 billion in
internal net debt leverage policy target of approximately 3.0 times adjusted                                      Canadian dollars), and for general corporate purposes. In March 2025 and June
EBITDA, reflecting wireless spectrum purchases, significant capital expenditures                                  2025, Bell Canada repurchased, pursuant to tender offers, U.S. notes and MTN
to advance our network and transformation initiatives, and the financing of                                       debentures with an aggregate principal face amount of $3,036 million in Canadian
several strategic acquisitions over the past several years.                                                       dollars for an aggregate cash purchase price of $2,401 million in Canadian
                                                                                                                  dollars, further supporting balance sheet optimization.
We have a target of achieving a net debt leverage ratio of approximately 3.5
times adjusted EBITDA by the end of 2027, and we intend to continue reducing                                      In February 2025, Bell Canada amended and restated its 2024 short form base
leverage toward our policy level of approximately 3.0 times adjusted EBITDA by                                    shelf prospectus to, among other things, amend the description and
2030, consistent with our capital allocation strategy. In addition, we intend to use                              characteristics of the debt securities that may be issued thereunder to provide for
the proceeds from the February 12, 2026 issuance of $1.5 billion aggregate                                        the issuance of subordinated (including junior subordinated) debt securities in
principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes in two series                                   Canada and the U.S. under one or more new trust indentures.
(D and E) (the Series D and E Notes) for the repurchase, redemption or                                            Subsequent to year-end, on February 12, 2026, Bell Canada completed an
repayment of Bell’s senior or subordinated indebtedness and for other general                                     offering of $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of Series D and E Notes. The
corporate purposes. The Series D and E Notes receive 50% equity treatment                                         $750 million Series D Notes, due 2056, bear interest at an initial annual rate of
from the credit rating agencies and, consistent with their methodologies, only                                    5.375%, resetting every five years beginning May 12, 2031 at a rate equal to the
50% of the principal amount is treated as debt in the calculation of our net debt                                 five-year Government of Canada yield plus 2.388%, subject to a minimum reset
leverage ratio.                                                                                                   rate of 5.375%. The $750 million Series E Notes, due 2056, bear interest at an
                                                                                                                  initial annual rate of 5.875%, resetting every five years beginning May 12, 2036 at
                                                                  2027 December 31, December 31,                  a rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada yield plus 2.440%, subject to
BCE credit ratios                                                target       2025         2024
                                                                                                                  a minimum reset rate of 5.875%.
Net debt leverage ratio                                            3.5              3.78             3.81         Bell Canada may redeem either series, in whole or in part, at a redemption price
                                                                                                                  equal to 100% of the principal amount commencing on the applicable first reset
Bell Canada accessed the debt capital markets in February 2025, March 2025                                        dates.
and August 2025, raising gross proceeds of $2,250 million in U.S. dollars
(approximately $3,187 million in Canadian dollars) from the




(1) Available liquidity is a non-GAAP financial measure. See section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(2) As at December 31, 2025.
(3) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit
    rating.
(4) Net debt leverage ratio is a capital management measure. See section 11.4, Capital management measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

                                                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                    19
1 MD&A   Overview




1.5        Corporate governance and risk management
Corporate governance philosophy
The BCE Board and management of the company believe that strong corporate governance practices contribute to superior results in creating and maintaining
shareholder value. That is why we continually seek to strengthen our corporate governance practices and ethical business conduct by adopting best practices, and
providing full transparency and accountability to our shareholders. The BCE Board is responsible for the supervision of the business and affairs of the company.
Below are our key BCE Board information and governance best practices:


     ✓   Directors are ALL Independent (except CEO)                                               BCE Board Renewal:
                                                                                             ✓    7 Non-Executive Director Nominees ≤ 7 Years Tenure
98.4%    2025 BCE Board and Committee Director Attendance Record                                  Average Tenure = 6.21 years

     ✓   BCE Board Committee Members are All Independent                                     ✓    Share Ownership Guideline for Directors and Executives

     ✓   BCE Board Diversity Policy and Target for Gender Representation                     ✓    Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Program

     ✓   Annual Election of All Directors                                                    ✓    Annual Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation

     ✓   Directors Elected Individually                                                      ✓    Formal BCE Board Evaluation Process

     ✓   Majority Voting for Directors                                                       ✓    BCE Board Risk Oversight Practices

     ✓   Separate Chair and CEO                                                              ✓    Corporate Responsibility Strategy Reviewed by BCE Board

     ✓   BCE Board Interlocks Guidelines                                                     ✓    Robust Succession Planning

     ✓   Directors’ Tenure Guidelines


For more information, please refer to BCE’s most recent notice of annual general shareholder meeting and management proxy circular (the Proxy Circular) filed with the
Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at sedarplus.ca) and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at sec.gov),
and available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.

Risk governance framework
BCE Board oversight
The BCE Board is entrusted with the responsibility for identifying and overseeing       Risk information is reviewed by the BCE Board or the relevant committee
the principal risks to which our business is exposed and seeking to ensure there        throughout the year, and business leaders present regular updates on the
are processes in place to effectively identify, monitor and manage them. These          execution of business strategies, risks and mitigation.
processes seek to mitigate rather than eliminate risk. A risk is the possibility that   • The Risk and Pension Fund Committee has oversight responsibility for the
an event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our              organization’s risk governance framework, which exists to identify, assess,
business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. While the      mitigate and report key risks to which BCE is exposed. As part of its Charter,
BCE Board has overall responsibility for risk, the responsibility for certain             the Risk and Pension Fund Committee is tasked with oversight of risks relating
elements of the risk oversight program is delegated to BCE Board committees in            to network resiliency, business continuity plans, work stoppage and disaster
order to ensure that they are treated with appropriate expertise, attention and           recovery plans, regulatory and public policy, data governance and privacy, AI,
diligence, with reporting to the BCE Board on a regular basis.                            information security (including cybersecurity), physical security, fraud, vendor
                                                                                          management, reputation and sustainability, technology, safety, geopolitics, the
                                                                                          pension fund and other risks as required. The Risk and Pension Fund
                                                                                          Committee receives reports on security matters, including information security
                                                                                          (including cybersecurity), and on environmental matters, each quarter, and on
                                                                                          AI matters at least annually.
                                                                                        • The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the integrity of our financial
                                                                                          statements and related information, management’s assessment and reporting
                                                                                          on the effectiveness of internal controls, and risk processes as they relate to
                                                                                          financial reporting and management
                                                                                        • The Management Resources and Compensation Committee (Compensation
                                                                                          Committee) oversees risks relating to compensation, succession planning and
                                                                                          workplace policies and practices




20       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A   Overview


• The Corporate Governance Committee (Governance Committee) assists the
  BCE Board in developing and implementing BCE’s corporate governance
  guidelines, identifying individuals qualified to become members of the BCE
  Board, and determining the composition of the BCE Board and its
  committees. The Governance Committee is responsible for oversight of our
  corporate responsibility programs and strategy to protect or enhance the
  company’s reputation, and their integration within our overall business
  strategy, and disclosure regarding sustainability matters. The Governance
  Committee is also responsible for oversight of the company’s policies
  concerning business conduct, ethics, public disclosure of material information
  and AI governance.
Risk management culture
There is a strong culture of risk management at BCE that is actively promoted
by the BCE Board, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee and the President
and CEO, at all levels within the organization. It is a part of how the company
operates on a day-to-day basis and is woven into its structure and operating
principles, guiding the implementation of the organization’s strategic priorities.
The President and CEO, selected by the BCE Board, has set his strategic focus
through the establishment of four strategic priorities and focuses risk
management around the factors that could impact the achievement of those
strategic priorities. While the constant state of change in the economic
environment and the industry creates challenges that need to be managed,
clarity around strategic objectives, performance expectations, risk management
and integrity in execution ensures discipline and balance in all aspects of our
business.

Risk management framework
While the BCE Board is responsible for BCE’s risk oversight program,
operational business units are central to the proactive identification and            First line – operational business units
management of risk. They are supported by a range of corporate support                The first line refers to management within our operational business units, who are
functions that provide independent expertise to reinforce implementation of risk      expected to understand their operations in great detail and the financial results
management approaches in collaboration with the operational business units.           that underpin them. There are regular reviews of operating performance involving
The Internal Audit function provides a further element of expertise and               the organization’s executive and senior management. The discipline and precision
assurance, working to provide insight and support to the operational business         associated with this process, coupled with the alignment and focus around
units and corporate support functions, while also providing the Audit Committee,      performance goals, creates a high degree of accountability and transparency in
the Risk and Pension Fund Committee, and other BCE Board committees, as               support of our risk management practices.
required, with an independent perspective on the state of risk and control within     As risks emerge in the business environment, they are discussed in a number of
the organization. Collectively, these elements can be thought of as a “three          regular forums to share details and explore their relevance across the
lines” approach to risk management. Although the risk management framework            organization. Executive and senior management are integral to these activities in
described in this section 1.5 is aligned with industry practices, there can be no     driving the identification, assessment, mitigation and reporting of risks at all levels.
assurance that it will be sufficient to prevent the occurrence of events that could   Formal risk reporting occurs through strategic planning sessions, management
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity,       presentations to the BCE Board and formal company risk reporting, which is
financial results or reputation.                                                      shared with the BCE Board and the Risk and Pension Fund Committee during the
                                                                                      year.
                                                                                      Management is also responsible for maintaining effective internal controls and for
                                                                                      executing risk and control procedures on a day-to-day basis. Each operational
                                                                                      business unit develops its own operating controls and procedures that fit the
                                                                                      needs of its unique environment.




                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        21
1 MD&A   Overview


Second line – corporate support functions                                              technology and IT support systems, there can be no assurance that the security
BCE is a very large company, with 38,683 employees as at December 31, 2025,            policies and directives that we implement will prevent the occurrence of all
multiple business units and a diverse portfolio of risks that is constantly evolving   potential information security breaches. In addition, although BCE has contracted
based on internal and external factors. In a large organization, it is common to       an insurance policy covering information security risk, there can be no assurance
manage certain functions centrally for efficiency, scale and consistency. While        that any insurance we may have will cover the costs, damages, liabilities or losses
the first line is often central to identification and management of business risks,    that could result from the occurrence of any information security breach.
in many instances operational management works collaboratively with, and also          Corporate Risk Management function: This function works across the company
relies on, the corporate functions that make up the second line of support in          to gather information and report on the organization’s assessment of its principal
these areas. These corporate functions include Regulatory, Finance, Corporate          risks and the related exposures. Annually, senior management participate in a risk
Security, Corporate Risk Management, Legal, Corporate Responsibility, Human            survey that provides an important reference point in the overall risk assessment
Resources, Real Estate and Procurement.                                                process.
Legal and Regulatory function: This function is responsible for the regulatory         In addition to the activities described above, the second line is also critical in
portfolio. BCE has developed, and maintains, an enhanced Data Governance               building and operating the oversight mechanisms that bring focus to relevant
Policy that encompasses the protection and appropriate use of data across its          areas of risk and reinforce the bridges between the first and second lines, thereby
life cycle. A significant element of the data governance program relies on the         seeking to ensure that there is a clear understanding of emerging risks, their
Corporate Security activities outlined below, and these two functions work jointly     relevance to the organization and the proposed mitigation plans.
with data owners, data custodians and other relevant employees to seek to              To further coordinate efforts between the first and second lines, BCE has
ensure this policy is appropriately implemented. We recognize that a strong and        established a Risk Oversight Committee (ROC), which replaced the Health &
consistently applied approach to data governance is essential to maintaining the       Safety, Security, Environment and Compliance Oversight Committee in 2025. A
social licence necessary to achieve our business objectives. For more                  significant number of BCE’s most senior leaders are members of the ROC, the
information on our approach to privacy and data security, refer to section 1.6,        purpose of which is to oversee areas that pose potential risks to BCE’s operations
Capitals and our corporate responsibility, in this MD&A.                               identified by management, including, but not limited to, security (including
Finance function: BCE’s Finance function plays a pivotal role in seeking to            information security), environmental, health and safety, compliance, AI, data
identify, assess and manage risks through a number of activities, which include        governance, and privacy. This cross-functional committee seeks to ensure that
financial performance management, external reporting, pension management,              relevant risks are adequately recognized and mitigation activities are well
capital management, and oversight and execution practices related to the U.S.          integrated and aligned across the organization and are supported with sufficient
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and equivalent Canadian securities legislation,             resources. The ROC co-chairs report to the Risk and Pension Fund Committee,
including the establishment and maintenance of appropriate internal control over       Governance Committee and Compensation Committee of the BCE Board.
financial reporting. BCE has also established and maintains disclosure controls        We have also established management committees reporting to the ROC: (i) the
and procedures to seek to ensure that the information it publicly discloses is         Corporate Responsibility Board (CR Board) to support the evolution of our
accurately recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis.             corporate responsibility strategy, and to proactively manage sustainability topics in
For more details concerning BCE’s internal control over financial reporting and        an integrated fashion; the CR Board also reports to the BCE Disclosure and
disclosure controls and procedures, refer to the Proxy Circular and section 12,        Compliance Committee with regard to the public disclosure of sustainability
Effectiveness of internal controls, in this MD&A.                                      information; (ii) the Energy Board to ensure oversight of Bell’s overall energy
Corporate Security function: This function is responsible for all aspects of           consumption and progress towards meeting our GHG emissions reduction targets
security, which requires a deep understanding of the business, the risk                (science-based targets); (iii) the Climate Resiliency Taskforce to assist in building
environment and the external stakeholder environment. Based on this                    a climate resiliency governance to address the potential impacts of climate
understanding, Corporate Security sets the standards of performance required           change; (iv) the Responsible AI Office to oversee AI programs, risks, our AI ethical
across the organization through security policies and directives that define           framework implementation, developments in AI technologies and their applications
requirements to protect team members, company assets and information. In               and monitor legal and regulatory developments impacting AI; and (v) the CISO
high and evolving risk areas such as information security, Corporate Security          Partnership Program (CPP) to drive secure behaviours across the company.
leverages its experience and competence to develop strategies intended to
mitigate the organization’s risks. For instance, we have implemented security          Third line – internal audit function
awareness training, policies and directives that seek to mitigate information          Internal Audit is a part of the overall management information and control system
security threats. We further rely on security assessments to identify risks and        and has the responsibility to act as an independent appraisal function. Its purpose
review projects with the objective of ensuring that systems are deployed with the      is to provide the Audit Committee, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee, and
appropriate level of control, including access management, vulnerability               other BCE Board committees, as required, and management with objective
management, security monitoring and testing. We evaluate and seek to adapt             evaluations of the company’s risk and control environment, to support
our security policies and directives designed to protect our information and           management in fulfilling BCE’s strategic priorities and to maintain an audit
assets in light of the continuously evolving nature and sophistication of              presence throughout BCE and its subsidiaries.
information security threats. However, given the complexity and scale of our
business, network infrastructure,




22       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A   Overview




1.6       Capitals and our corporate responsibility
This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to our sustainability objectives and the benefits expected to result therefrom. Refer to
the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A and to the sub-section Assumptions at the end of this section 1.6. For
explanations of certain climate-related terms, metrics and targets used in this section 1.6 including, without limitation, science-based targets and net zero, please refer
to Explanation of certain climate-related terms, metrics and targets at the end of this section 1.6.

Corporate responsibility supports our purpose to advance how people connect with each other and the world
Our corporate responsibility approach is informed by a set of guiding principles       Committee is responsible for oversight of our corporate responsibility strategy and
that support our corporate strategy and policies throughout the organization.          disclosure. This includes the integration of corporate responsibility within our
Through our own internal processes along with stakeholder feedback, we have            company strategy and monitoring the implementation of corporate responsibility
prioritized, and set objectives to address, sustainability issues and opportunities.   programs, goals and key initiatives, including those related to climate change.
We measure and report on our progress. We utilize this approach because we             Moreover, it is responsible for our governance practices and policies, including
believe it is the right thing to do and because it creates long-term value for our     those concerning business conduct, ethics and AI. In addition, the Risk and
stakeholders. Bell’s corporate responsibility initiatives focus on addressing social   Pension Fund Committee oversees risks that could impact our business, such as
and environmental challenges, with the goal of delivering benefits for our             safety and security, business continuity, supply chain, AI and sustainability risks,
customers, employees and the communities we serve. These benefits help                 while the Audit Committee monitors significant sustainability issues that could
support stronger operational performance, attract and retain talent, increase          impact financial reporting, reviews audit activities in relation to corporate
access to capital and strengthen risk management – ultimately seeking to               responsibility and approves our risks and assumptions disclosure. The
generate sustainable returns for our shareholders and other stakeholders.              Compensation Committee has oversight of human resource issues, including
The Board has established clear oversight of our corporate responsibility              respectful and inclusive workplace practices, pay equity, team survey results,
programs and our approach to sustainability practices with primary                     human rights, and health and safety.
accountability at the committee level. The Governance                                  We continue to share our performance in managing societal, environmental and
                                                                                       business impacts following the <IR> Framework.

Our networks


Reliable network infrastructure and trusted data practices are foundational to the     Activities and outcomes
products and services we deliver every day. Network performance, data privacy          • Reliable service delivery: Our fibre and wireless networks support consumer,
and information security are central to customer experience, operational                 business and public-sector services, including voice, data, media, cloud
resilience and long-term value creation.                                                 connectivity and public-safety communications. Network quality, availability and
                                                                                         reliability remain core performance indicators.
How reliable networks create value
                                                                                       • Resilient network design: Redundant transport routes, backup power
Highly reliable network infrastructure helps support consistent service delivery,
                                                                                         systems and diversified network architecture help maintain service continuity
customer satisfaction and economic participation. Resilient design and proactive
                                                                                         and limit the impact of outages caused by extreme weather, infrastructure
operations help reduce service interruptions, protect critical communications and
                                                                                         failures or other disruptions
support digital services that rely on consistent, high-quality connectivity.




                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       23
1 MD&A    Overview


• Proactive operations: Continuous monitoring, automated diagnostics and                                   Key metric
  AI-enabled network operations help detect, isolate and resolve issues more
  quickly, supporting stable performance as demand for secure, high-capacity                                                                                                   2023          2024           2025
  connectivity grows                                                                                       Number of unresolved well-founded privacy
                                                                                                           complaints (1) from the Office of the Privacy
• Infrastructure integrity: Ongoing investments in network security, capacity                              Commissioner of Canada                                                  –             –             –
  and resiliency help protect the integrity of services delivered over our
  infrastructure and support consistent reliability outcomes

Key metric                                                                                                 How information security creates value
                                                                  2023          2024           2025
                                                                                                           Strong information security practices seek to protect customer and company data,
                                                                                                           safeguards operations and supports trust in an increasingly digital environment.
Bell’s network reliability – high-speed                                                                    Effective security controls help reduce exposure to cyber threats, financial loss
fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) Internet connection                   99.99%       99.99%         99.99%          and service disruption.

                                                                                                           Activities and outcomes
How protecting privacy creates value                                                                       • Security governance and standards: Our information security program is
Respecting customer privacy is essential to maintaining trust and our licence to                             informed by globally recognized frameworks, including ISO/IEC 27001, and
operate. Strong privacy practices help reduce regulatory and reputational risk                               supports a structured, risk-based approach to managing cyber threats
while enabling responsible use of data to improve products, services and                                   • Prevention, detection and response: Integrated security controls across
customer experience.                                                                                         networks, cloud environments and platforms help prevent incidents, detect
                                                                                                             threats early and respond effectively to minimize impact
Activities and outcomes
                                                                                                           • Employee awareness: Ongoing cybersecurity education, phishing simulations
• Privacy governance: A comprehensive privacy framework governs the                                          and regular training reinforce a strong security culture and employee
  collection, use, retention and disclosure of personal information across its                               engagement in protecting information
  lifecycle and is integrated into business processes and decision-making
                                                                                                           • Continuous monitoring: A 24/7 security operations capability analyzes large
• Privacy-by-design: Privacy considerations are embedded into product                                        volumes of threat signals, helping enable timely response to evolving risks and
  development, service delivery and AI governance to help ensure personal                                    strengthening overall cyber resilience
  information is protected from the outset
• Policies and training: Mandatory training reinforces employee accountability                             Key metric
  for protecting personal information and complying with privacy requirements,
                                                                                                                                                                               2023          2024           2025
  supported by clear policies and guidance. Employees receive data
  governance training every two years through mandatory Code of Business                                   Information security vigilance: phishing simulation
  Conduct training, reinforcing accountability for privacy compliance and                                  report rate                                                         33%           36%            37%
  responsible data use.
• Issue management: Structured processes help support timely investigation,
  resolution and prevention of privacy incidents, reinforcing transparency and
  continuous improvement

Our customers and relationships


Strong, ethical relationships with customers, suppliers and partners underpin our                          Activities and outcomes
ability to operate responsibly, manage risk and create long-term value. Our                                • Ethical conduct and oversight: The Code of Business Conduct applies to
approach is grounded in business ethics and responsible procurement practices                                employees and directors and defines expectations for responsible behaviour.
that promote trust, accountability and resilience across our value chain.                                    Mandatory annual training and attestations reinforce a consistent ethical
                                                                                                             culture, while a confidential reporting channel enables employees and external
How responsible relationships create value                                                                   stakeholders to raise concerns or seek guidance. All reports are reviewed and
Clear standards for ethical conduct and responsible sourcing help strengthen                                 addressed as appropriate, supporting transparency and trust.
operational reliability, reduce compliance and reputational risk and support
sustainable innovation. Embedding these principles into governance and                                     • Governance-aligned policies: Policies governing lobbying, political activity
procurement processes enhances decision-making quality and enables long-                                     and responsible AI reinforce accountability, compliance and responsible
term partnerships that create shared value for stakeholders across the markets                               decision-making across operations and partnerships
we serve.




(1) This metric is the number of unresolved well-founded privacy complaints from the Privacy Commissioner of Canada as of December 31 of the reporting year. A complaint is considered well-founded if the Privacy
    Commissioner concluded that one or more of the allegations in the complaint has merit.

24        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A    Overview


• Customer-first experience and inclusive design: Ongoing modernization                                           • Responsible supply chain practices: Environmental and social criteria are
  of platforms, processes and operating models seek to improve the customer                                         integrated into aspects of sourcing and contracting. Through active supplier
  experience by enabling faster, more consistent and scalable interactions.                                         engagement, these practices are intended to support progress on reducing
  Transformations of core systems and service platforms, together with the                                          indirect (Scope 3) emissions – which represent the majority of our total GHG
  application of accessibility, inclusive design principles and inclusive standards                                 emissions – by strengthening climate requirements and encouraging adoption
  across product development, digital channels and internal practices, support                                      of science-based targets.
  more equitable, intuitive and reliable experiences for the customers we serve.                                  • Collaboration and continuous improvement: Participation in industry
• Clear supplier expectations: The Supplier Code of Conduct establishes                                             initiatives, including the Joint Alliance for Corporate Social Responsibility,
  requirements for environmental management, labour and human rights,                                               supports alignment with leading practices and collective progress. Ongoing
  health and safety, business ethics and data security. These expectations are                                      engagement with customers, suppliers, employees, investors, governments,
  embedded in supplier contracts and supported by ongoing oversight to                                              community organizations and academic institutions informs sustainability
  promote responsible practices throughout the supply chain.                                                        priorities and helps ensure practices remain responsive to emerging risks and
• Due diligence and risk management: Supplier assessments, audits,                                                  opportunities such as climate resilience, AI governance and data responsibility.
  sustainability attestations and escalation protocols help identify and mitigate
                                                                                                                  Key metric
  ethical, environmental and human rights risks, including alignment with
  evolving forced-labour regulations, strengthening supply-chain resilience                                                                                                                2023           2024           2025
                                                                                                                  Bell’s share of complaints to the Commission for
                                                                                                                  Complaints for Telecom-television Services (CCTS) (1)                  16.1%          17.0%          16.8%


Our products and services


Our products and services provide value to people by helping them both mitigate                                   Activities and outcomes
climate change and adapt to its impacts. Our solutions help enable customers to                                   An analysis by Groupe AGECO, a third-party consultant with expertise in GHG
reduce energy needs, minimize their carbon footprint, enhance productivity and                                    emissions quantification, and Bell found that Bell solutions enabled carbon
maintain services in the event of emergencies and extreme incidents.                                              abatement of nearly 1,193 kilotonnes of CO₂ equivalent for our customers in 2023,
                                                                                                                  which is when our last analysis was performed. This is equal to 4.7 times Bell’s
How our products and services contributing to climate change                                                      operational GHG (scope 1 and 2) emissions (2).
mitigation and adaptation help create value
Bell products and services can help improve customers’ resilience to climate                                      Key metric
change and enhance business continuity while reducing their GHG emissions.                                        Factor by which GHG emissions are estimated to have been avoided by our
                                                                                                                  customers through the use of Bell’s products and services
                                                                                                                                                                                           2017           2020           2023
                                                                                                                  Number of times by which GHG emissions are
                                                                                                                  estimated to have been abated by our customers
                                                                                                                  through the use of Bell’s technologies exceeded scope
                                                                                                                  1 and 2 GHG emitted by Bell’s operations (2)                               2.5           4.0             4.7




(1) Bell’s customer satisfaction & service quality metric is based on the results from the CCTS report. The CCTS number/data only includes Bell Canada (this excludes Bell Aliant, Bell MTS, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile, PC
    Mobile). Report covers August 1 of the previous year to July 31 of the reporting year.
(2) Taking into account the products and services for which Bell has developed the technology and plays a fundamental role in its delivery to clients, as well as the products and services for which Bell has not developed the
    technology but enables it by providing the network. GHG emitted by Bell’s operations refers to scope 1 emissions (direct GHG emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by Bell) and scope 2 emissions (indirect
    GHG emissions associated with the consumption of purchased electricity, heating/cooling and steam required by Bell’s activities). The analyses were performed based on 2017, 2020 and 2023 data, respectively.

                                                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                    25
1 MD&A    Overview


Our environment


We intend to manage environmental impacts in our operations and value chain                                    Circular economy and
through governance processes and measurable targets. Our focus is on
addressing the risks posed by climate change and advancing circular economy                                    environmental stewardship
practices to help support operational resilience, resource efficiency and long-                                How circularity and environmental stewardship create value
term value creation.
                                                                                                               Circular practices aim to reduce material use and waste, improve operational
                                                                                                               efficiency and lower lifecycle environmental impacts. Strong environmental
Climate change                                                                                                 stewardship helps support compliance, reduce risk and align with stakeholder
How addressing climate change creates value                                                                    expectations for responsible resource management.
Proactive climate action helps manage physical and transition risks, protect                                   Activities and outcomes
critical infrastructure, reduce energy costs and support reliable service in a
changing climate.                                                                                              • ISO 14001 environmental management: Our ISO 14001-certified
                                                                                                                 Environmental Management System (EMS) (2), guide how we identify risks,
Activities and outcomes                                                                                          help ensure compliance and drive continuous improvement across key
• Climate strategy and governance: Our climate strategy is guided by a                                           environmental areas
  three-pillar strategy – mitigate emissions, strengthen resilience and enable                                 • Enviro-by-design: Environmental governance is reinforced through our
  lower-carbon outcomes – supported by near-term science-based targets,                                          enviro-by-design initiative, which embeds sustainability considerations into
  annual objectives and BCE Board oversight                                                                      certain aspects of procurement, product development and network planning.
• Operational decarbonization: We are seeking to manage GHG emissions                                          • Extending asset life: By retaining ownership of customer equipment, we
  through, where possible, energy-efficiency initiatives, real estate and                                        enable repair, refurbishment and redeployment, helping reduce material
  infrastructure optimization, fleet right-sizing and electrification and renewable                              demand, waste and emissions associated with new manufacturing
  electricity procurement                                                                                      • E-waste stewardship and end-of-life responsibility: As the distributor of
• Climate resilience and adaptation: Climate-risk considerations are                                             electronic devices, we take responsibility for supporting customers at end of life
  embedded into network design, asset management and emergency                                                   through accessible and regulated e-waste programs
  preparedness. Actions include enhancing backup power, improving remote                                       • Recovery, recycling and material reuse: We operate accessible device return
  monitoring and strengthening infrastructure to support service continuity                                      and recovery programs and recover, refurbish or recycle a wide range of
  during extreme weather and climate-related events.                                                             operational materials helping divert materials from landfill and recover
• Low-carbon digital infrastructure: As digital demand grows, including                                          embedded value
  AI-enabled products and services, environmental considerations are                                           • Waste reduction and circularity targets: We track waste streams across
  integrated, where practicable, into infrastructure planning, siting and design.                                operations and continue progress toward our target of reducing waste sent to
  Measures such as optimized cooling, efficient temperature management and                                       landfill by 30% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline, supported by monitoring and
  lower-carbon electricity sourcing help manage energy demand.                                                   improvement initiatives
Key metrics
                                                                                                               Key metric
                                                                    2023           2024           2025
                                                                                                                                                                                      2023           2024          2025
Operational (Scope 1 and 2 market-based) GHG
emissions in tons of CO2e(1)                                    256,366        195,805        166,926          Number of customer devices recovered (include used
                                                                                                               TV receivers, modems, Wi-Fi pods and mobile phones) 2,953,523                  2,759,467      2,985,085
Energy intensity: Energy consumption (Megawatt
hours (MWh) equivalent) divided by network usage
(petabytes)                                                            99            74              53




(1) Performance is based on data from July 1 of the previous year to June 30 of the reporting year and, as a result, does not include GHG emissions associated with our AI data centres.
(2) This certification covers Bell Canada’s internal governance to ensure execution of the EMS associated with the development of policies and procedures for the delivery of services by Bell Canada for business sectors
    network & broadband services (wireline, wireless, Internet, TV), cloud and data hosting, broadcast services (radio, digital platform & TV) and connectivity and advertising technology and event promotion.

26        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A    Overview


Our people


Our ability to deliver on our strategy depends on the engagement, skills and                                      • Skills development and AI readiness: As our business evolves, we are
wellbeing of our team members. We are committed to fostering a safe, inclusive                                      reshaping how we build skills through agile, just-in-time learning, digital
and high-performance workplace that supports continuous development,                                                platforms, certifications, mentorship and on-the-job experience. Team members
prepares employees for an AI-enabled future and empowers people to do their                                         have access to AI literacy and productivity learning pathways, enabling
best work every day.                                                                                                confident adoption of AI tools and more efficient ways of working.
                                                                                                                  • Leadership, engagement and inclusion: Investment in leadership
How investing in our people creates value                                                                           development, recognition programs and regular engagement surveys supports
Engaged, healthy and future-ready teams drive service quality, innovation and                                       alignment, accountability and continuous improvement. Inclusive recruitment
operational resilience. By investing in skills development, wellbeing and                                           practices, accessibility training and employee-led networks foster belonging,
leadership, we help strengthen productivity, reduce risk, support retention and                                     while clear career pathways and early-career programs support growth,
build the capabilities needed to adapt in a rapidly evolving business and                                           retention and the development of future leaders.
technology environment.                                                                                           Together, these actions help build a resilient, skilled and engaged workforce
                                                                                                                  equipped to deliver strong performance today and adapt for the future.
Activities and outcomes
• Health and safety: Our team is supported by enhanced safety awareness                                           Key metrics
  and engagement, refreshed training approaches that emphasize real-world
  application and increased leadership presence in the field. Together, these                                                                                                              2023           2024           2025
  actions help embed safety into day-to-day operations and support more                                           Overall team member engagement score (1)                                 73%            65%            65%
  proactive risk management across the organization.
                                                                                                                  People leaders who completed mandatory base
• Mental health and total wellbeing: We promote wellbeing through inclusive                                       training on mental health (2)                                            94%            93%            96%
  benefits, unlimited mental health coverage, Employee and Family Assistance
  Program (EFAP) access and evidence-based training. Leadership programs
  and ongoing monitoring of psychosocial risk indicators encourage a
  psychologically safe and supportive workplace.




(1) The KPI is the average engagement score from the 2025 Bell Team Survey, conducted from September 23 to October 9, 2025. It reflects the percentage of employees who responded favourably (“Strongly Agree” or
    “Agree”) to four engagement questions identified by Bell’s Employee Listening team as key measures of engagement. The survey was designed by the Employee Listening team and administered by a third-party vendor
    specializing in employee satisfaction surveys. This metric includes active regular employees as of August 31, 2025, with more than three months’ tenure, a valid business email, and access to the survey platform. It
    excludes interns, students, employees on extended leave, and retirees
(2) This KPI is calculated as the percentage of total current people leaders (having a minimum of one direct report) and senior leaders (director level and above) who have completed the Mental Health Core training (the first
    training course in the Workplace Mental Health Leadership certificate program). This metric includes full time employees that have access to Career Zone.

                                                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                    27
1 MD&A    Overview


Our financial resources


The financial resources of the company are addressed throughout this MD&A. In addition, in 2022 and 2023, we added sustainability-linked pricing to our committed
credit facilities, to our securitization program and to certain derivatives, introducing price adjustments based on our performance of certain sustainability performance
targets.

Assumptions
GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets


Our GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets are based on a                                       • The successful and timely implementation of various corporate and business
number of assumptions including, without limitation, the following principal                                       initiatives to reduce our electricity and fuel consumption, as well as reduce
assumptions:                                                                                                       other direct and indirect GHG emissions enablers
• Our ability to purchase a significant amount of renewable energy certificates                                  • Availability of sufficient funds to be allocated to the implementation of initiatives
  (RECs) to reduce our GHG emissions                                                                               to reduce our electricity and fuel consumption
• No significant increase in electricity grid emissions intensity over which we                                  • No significant cost increase in solutions and initiatives identified to be
  have no control                                                                                                  implemented to achieve our targets
• Anticipated GHG emissions from current and proposed Bell AI Fabric data                                        • No negative impact on the calculation of our GHG emissions from refinements
  centres are excluded from our near-term science-based targets                                                    in or modifications to international standards or the methodology we use for the
• No new corporate initiatives, business acquisitions, business divestitures or                                    calculation of such GHG emissions
  technologies that would materially change our anticipated levels of GHG                                        • No required changes to our science-based targets pursuant to the Science
  emissions. In particular, our GHG emissions reduction targets assume that                                        Based Target initiative (SBTi) methodology that would make the achievement of
  the acquisition of Ziply Fiber, and the pending disposition of Northwestel, will                                 our science-based targets, as updated from time to time, more onerous or
  not materially change our anticipated levels of GHG emissions.                                                   unachievable in light of business requirements
• Sufficient supplier engagement and collaboration in setting their own science-                                 • No significant change in the allocation of our spend by supplier and sufficient
  based targets                                                                                                    engagement and collaboration from the other participants across our whole
                                                                                                                   value chain in reducing their own GHG emissions

Explanation of certain climate-related terms, metrics and targets
Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions                                                                                   Science-based targets
Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources that are controlled                                      Science-based targets provide a clearly-defined pathway to reduce GHG
by Bell and are associated with fuel consumed by fleet vehicles, buildings,                                      emissions. Targets are considered ‘science-based’ if they are in line with what the
telecommunication towers and generators. Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG                                      latest climate science deems necessary to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement,
emissions, and are associated with the consumption of purchased electricity,                                     limiting global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. The SBTi brings
heating/cooling and steam required by Bell’s activities. We use market-based                                     together a team of experts to provide companies with independent assessment
GHG accounting (emission factors are specified within the contractual                                            and validation of targets.
agreements with the applicable supplier) to evaluate our GHG targets. Scope 1
and 2 (market-based) emissions are sometimes collectively referred to in this                                    Net zero target
MD&A as “operational emissions”. Scope 3 emissions cover all indirect                                            Net-zero refers to the state in which an organization reduces GHG emissions in its
emissions (not included in scope 2) that occur in our value chain, including both                                entire value chain (i.e., scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions) to as close to zero as
upstream and downstream emissions. GHG emissions from scope 3 occur from                                         possible (with a minimum reduction of at least 90%) and neutralizes (1) any
sources owned or controlled by other entities in Bell’s value chain (such as our                                 remaining emissions such that its net global GHG emissions balance to zero. As
suppliers, employees and customers). As a result, measuring scope 3 emissions                                    of March 2026, BCE does not have a net-zero target.
is more complex than measuring scope 1 and scope 2 emissions, for which we
are able to obtain primary data (such as liters of fuel consumed within our
vehicle fleet and kilowatt-hours of electricity consumed within our buildings). For
scope 3 categories for which primary data is not available, we have to rely on
secondary data (such as financial data and industry-average data from
published databases). The complexity of this data collection contributes to
uncertainty in scope 3 emissions measurement. Scope 3 emissions represent
the majority of BCE’s GHG emissions.




(1) According to SBTi, neutralize means that carbon is removed from the atmosphere and permanently stored in geological, terrestrial, or ocean reservoirs, or in products.

28         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
2 MD&A    Strategic priorities



2            Strategic priorities
Our success is built on the BCE team’s dedicated execution of a clear strategy anchored in our purpose to advance how people
connect with each other and the world. Our strategy is guided by four strategic priorities that focus on strengthening customer
experience, improving operational efficiency and supporting long-term value creation, while leveraging our unique and differentiated
assets across fibre, wireless, enterprise and media.
This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to BCE’s network deployment plans in Canada and the U.S. and the benefits expected
to result therefrom; BCE’s network reliability target; the launch of Unbreakable Internet in 2026; the successful development and implementation of AI solutions, either
by us or pursuant to certain partnerships entered into by BCE, as well as the responsible development and use of AI; and our objectives, plans and strategic priorities.
Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.




2.1          Put the customer first
             Deliver simple, seamless and personalized experiences powered by data and AI to deliver service excellence, deepen relationships, reduce churn and increase lifetime
             value.


2025 progress                                                                                                    2026 focus
• Improved wireless postpaid mobile phone churn (1) by 11 basis points in 2025,                                  • Continue expanding our AI-powered service capabilities with the rollout of a
  supported by year-over-year improvement achieved for three consecutive                                           voice-enabled virtual assistant powered by generative AI, designed to further
  quarters through enhanced customer service and retention initiatives                                             simplify how customers navigate services and access information
• Launched differentiated wireless plan tiers based on class of service, content                                 • Scale AI-powered customer care and network automation capabilities to
  and handset financing, providing customers with greater choice while                                             support improved service quality and operational efficiency
  supporting disciplined pricing and subscriber mix management                                                   • Enhance customer satisfaction through continued modernization of customer
• Expanded no name mobile prepaid distribution to all Maxi locations across                                        platforms, expanded use of AI-enabled service tools, and more seamless digital
  Québec, extending access to affordable wireless services and strengthening                                       and human interactions
  Bell’s value-segment reach through a trusted retail partner                                                    • Strengthen privacy and information security by advancing governance, security
• Our AI-powered virtual assistant handled approximately 15 million customer                                       controls and privacy-by-design practices to protect customer information and
  interactions in 2025, resolving more than half without the need for a live agent                                 support trusted digital services
  while providing 24/7 bilingual support                                                                         • Advance accessibility initiatives through the next phase of Bell’s 2026
• Began the rollout of a new AI-powered voice virtual assistant across Bell,                                       Accessibility Plan
  Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile to improve customer interactions, accelerate
  issue resolution and enhance the overall service experience
• Achieved the lowest share of customer complaints among the three largest
  national telecom service providers, according to the 2024–2025 Annual
  Report of the CCTS




2.2          Deliver the best fibre and wireless networks
             Deliver fast, reliable and resilient connectivity across Canada and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. with leadership in fibre and 5G innovation.


2025 progress
• Completed the acquisition of Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in                               • Continued to expand our FTTP network in Canada to more homes and
  the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., significantly expanding Bell’s fibre footprint                                businesses, reaching approximately 8 million locations at the end of 2025 and
  and strengthening our position as the third-largest fibre Internet provider in                                   enabling multi-gigabit symmetrical Internet speeds that deliver superior
  North America                                                                                                    performance compared to cable-based networks
• Formed Network FiberCo, a long-term strategic partnership designed to                                          • Added 199,767 net retail fibre Internet subscribers in 2025, including the
  accelerate the development of fibre infrastructure through Ziply Fiber in                                        contribution from Ziply Fiber
  underserved markets in the U.S., supporting scalable and capital-efficient
  network expansion




(1) Mobile phone churn is defined as the rate at which existing mobile phone subscribers cancel their services. Refer to section 11.6, KPIs in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

                                                                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT   29
2 MD&A    Strategic priorities


• Bell Pure Fibre was ranked Canada’s fastest Internet in Ookla’s Q3-Q4 2025                                    2026 focus
  Speedtest Awards report (1) and also received Best Internet, Best Internet
  Service Provider Gaming Experience and Top-Rated Internet honours (1)                                         • Expand Bell Internet availability in Alberta and British Columbia (B.C.)

• Bell 5G was recognized as Canada’s Fastest and Best 5G wireless network,                                      • Support fibre growth in the U.S. through Ziply Fiber, building long-term scale in
  Best 5G Gaming Experience, Fastest Mobile Network and Best Mobile                                               the Pacific Northwest
  Gaming Experience in Ookla’s Q3-Q4 2025 Speedtest Awards report (1)                                           • Expand 5G and 5G+ availability and advance wireless network densification to
• Expanded our 5G wireless network to reach 89% of Canada’s population                                            enhance capacity, performance and reliability

• Expanded 5G+ service coverage, leveraging 3500 MHz and 3800 MHz                                               • Scale next-generation network capabilities, including Cloud radio access
  spectrum, to reach 65% of Canada’s population                                                                   network (RAN), AI-based network automation and the deployment of new
                                                                                                                  spectrum
• Added 214,551 total net postpaid and prepaid mobile phone subscribers in
  2025, bringing Bell’s mobile phone customer base to 10,451,584 at                                             • Maintain a strong focus on network resiliency, with a target of delivering
  December 31, 2025                                                                                               network reliability above 99.99%

• Announced a strategic partnership with AST SpaceMobile to advance space-                                      • Launch the Unbreakable Internet service proposition, leveraging Bell’s fibre and
  based direct-to-cell connectivity, supporting future wireless coverage                                          wireless networks to enhance Internet resiliency and support more reliable,
  expansion in remote and underserved areas                                                                       always-connected customer experiences

• Launched Wi-Fi 7 with the introduction of Giga Hub 2.0, delivering faster                                     • Advance plans for satellite-enabled direct-to-cell services
  speeds, lower latency and improved in-home connectivity to support                                            • Progress the decommissioning of legacy technologies, including the continued
  increasingly data-intensive applications and connected devices                                                  decommissioning of copper infrastructure and the wind-down of the 3G wireless
• Launched hardware-free Fibe TV, enabling customers in Ontario and Québec                                        network
  to access live and on-demand content on compatible smart TVs and
  streaming devices without the need for STBs, simplifying installation, reducing
  complexity, and supporting a scalable, capital-efficient service model
• Launched Bell Streaming bundles, combining premium streaming services
  including Crave, Netflix and Disney+ into a single subscription with simplified
  billing, enhancing flexibility, value and ease of management within Bell’s TV
  and connectivity ecosystem




2.3          Lead in enterprise with AI-powered solutions
             Enable businesses and governments to accelerate digital transformation with secure, scalable cloud, AI, cybersecurity, IoT and managed services that improve
             efficiency and competitiveness.

2025 progress
• Introduced the Ateko brand, unifying Bell’s technology services capabilities                                  • Acquired SDK Tek, a Calgary-headquartered data engineering and analytics
  into a single systems integration and managed services platform focused on                                      provider, strengthening Bell’s AI data and analytics capabilities and enhancing
  AI automation and cloud solutions for enterprise customers                                                      our ability to deliver enterprise AI-powered solutions across advanced analytics
• Launched the Bell Cyber brand, unifying Bell’s cybersecurity capabilities into                                  platforms
  a single, integrated platform to deliver end-to-end, AI-enabled security                                      • Announced a strategic partnership with Cohere, a Canadian enterprise AI
  solutions for enterprise and public sector customers                                                            company, to support the delivery of secure, sovereign AI solutions by
• Launched Bell AI Fabric, a full-stack sovereign AI platform providing secure,                                   integrating Cohere’s large language models (LLMs) within Bell AI Fabric for
  scalable, Canadian-controlled compute, data and network infrastructure to                                       enterprise and public sector customers
  support AI workloads and data-intensive applications for enterprise and public                                • Announced strategic collaborations with leading Canadian universities,
  sector customers                                                                                                including Simon Fraser University and Queen’s University, to advance
• Delivered strong growth in AI-powered solutions revenues in 2025, reflecting                                    Canadian-controlled, sovereign AI supercomputing infrastructure and expand
  increased enterprise demand across Ateko, Bell Cyber and Bell AI Fabric, and                                    research, enterprise and public sector AI capabilities as part of Bell AI Fabric
  demonstrating continued momentum in Bell’s enterprise strategy




(1) As awarded by Ookla®, a global leader in fixed and mobile network testing and analysis, in their Speedtest AwardsTM. Based on Ookla® Speedtest Intelligence® data, 2H 2025. All rights reserved.

30        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
2 MD&A    Strategic priorities


2026 focus
• Scale Bell AI Fabric capacity across Canada to support growing enterprise                                    • Advance private 5G and edge-compute deployments to enable AI-driven use
  and public sector demand for secure, sovereign AI compute and data-                                            cases across industrial, logistics, utilities and public sector environments
  intensive workloads                                                                                          • Strengthen sovereign AI capabilities through partnerships with Canadian AI
• Expand Ateko’s cloud, automation and workforce transformation services to                                      leaders, including Cohere, BUZZ High Performance Computing (BUZZ HPC),
  deepen enterprise adoption of AI-enabled platforms and accelerate customer                                     Coveo and others, to expand the Bell AI ecosystem
  outcomes                                                                                                     • Help enterprise and public sector customers develop and implement
• Grow Bell Cyber’s managed security and threat intelligence offerings to                                        responsible AI governance frameworks to support secure, compliant and
  address increasing cybersecurity requirements across enterprise and                                            trusted AI adoption
  government customers
• Support federal and provincial digital government modernization initiatives
  through integrated connectivity, cloud, cybersecurity and AI-enabled solutions




2.4          Build a digital media and content powerhouse
             Engage audiences across platforms with trusted news, entertainment, sports and streaming experiences, supported by data-driven advertising and original content.


2025 progress
• Grew Crave’s total subscriber base to 4.6 million in 2025, representing a 26%                                • Entered into a long-term strategic ad sales and distribution partnership with
  increase year over year, reflecting strong consumer demand for Bell’s                                          Tubi, expanding the availability of Canadian content from Bell Media’s
  premium streaming content and platform offering                                                                on-demand catalogue and FAST channel lineup, while creating new digital
• Completed the largest expansion of the Crave platform in its history in 2025,                                  advertising opportunities
  increasing the content portfolio by 30% through the integration of live                                      • Advanced Bell Media’s global content distribution strategy through its majority
  programming from CTV and Noovo, including news, select sports and                                              ownership of Sphere Abacus, establishing Sphere Abacus as the primary
  entertainment events, and an enhanced kids’ content offering, supported by                                     international distributor of Bell Media’s owned distribution rights and expanding
  significant user experience (UX) improvements                                                                  the global reach of Canadian content and creators through international sales
• Delivered record viewership on the Crave platform in 2025, with the year                                       and monetization
  representing the most-watched in Crave’s streaming history for hours viewed
                                                                                                               2026 focus
• Delivered strong momentum for Crave Original programming in 2025, with
  Heated Rivalry achieving significant global traction, supported by international                             • Scale Crave, TSN and RDS streaming services through expanded distribution,
  distribution and an early renewal for a second season                                                          optimized content offerings and continued platform and UX enhancements,
                                                                                                                 supporting growth in direct-to-consumer (DTC) and bundled subscriptions
• CTV remained Canada’s most-watched TV network in primetime for the 24th
  consecutive year among viewers A25-54                                                                        • Advance Bell Media’s digital-first media strategy by growing digital revenues, (1)
                                                                                                                 increasing DTC subscribers, and scaling digital growth in the OOH business
• Strengthened Bell Media’s long-term sports content strategy through its
  extended regional broadcast partnership with the Montréal Canadiens,                                         • Grow advertising revenue and expand market share by continuing to scale
  securing premium live National Hockey League (NHL) programming across                                          Connected TV, FAST and Dynamic Audio Ad Insertion (DAAI), and by
  TSN, RDS and digital platforms                                                                                 enhancing data-driven advertising capabilities to deliver more precise targeting,
                                                                                                                 measurement and attribution across linear and digital platforms
• Extended Bell Media’s long-term regional broadcast rights with the Winnipeg
  Jets, securing continued access to live NHL programming across TSN and                                       • Strengthen Canadian storytelling and audience engagement, including
  digital platforms                                                                                              continued investment in original French-language content and a focus on digital
                                                                                                                 platforms such as Crave, Noovo.ca and iHeartRadio Canada to deliver more
• Launched new Disney+, Crave and TSN streaming bundles, expanding Bell                                          personalized experiences for French-language audiences
  Media’s bundled streaming distribution strategy and providing consumers with
  greater choice and value across premium entertainment and live sports                                        • Optimize partnerships and strategic content investments to monetize content
  content                                                                                                        rights and Bell Media properties across all platforms and distribution channels

• Extended Bell Media’s long-term exclusive partnership with iHeartMedia,                                      • Expand global content distribution through Sphere Abacus, extending the
  securing Canadian representation of iHeartRadio’s podcast portfolio and                                        international reach and monetization of Bell Media-owned and third-party
  expanding audio and digital advertising opportunities across iHeartRadio                                       content
  Canada and Bell Media platforms




(1) Digital revenues are comprised of advertising revenue from digital platforms including web sites, mobile apps, ad-supported subscription tiers on Crave, connected TV apps and OOH digital assets/platforms, as well as
    advertising procured through Bell digital buying platforms and subscription revenue from DTC services and video on demand (VOD) services.

                                                                                                                                                                BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                   31
3 MD&A    Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks



3            Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks
This section provides information pertaining to our performance against 2025 targets,(1) (2) our consolidated business outlook and
operating assumptions for 2025 and our principal business risks.



3.1          BCE 2025 performance
Financial measure         2025 target                2025 performance and results
Revenue growth            0% to 2%                   0.2%            BCE revenues increased by 0.2% in 2025, compared to 2024, driven by higher service revenues of 0.6%, partly offset by lower
Adjusted net                                                         product revenues of 2.2%. This reflected greater revenues from Bell CTS, attributable to our new Bell CTS U.S. segment as a
earnings per share                                                   result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, partly offset by lower Bell CTS Canada revenues, along with a modest
(adjusted EPS) (3)                                                   increase in Bell Media revenues.
growth

Adjusted EBITDA           0% to 2%                   0.7%            BCE adjusted EBITDA grew by 0.7% in 2025, compared to 2024, due to higher operating revenues and lower operating costs. The
growth                                                               growth was attributable to Bell CTS driven by Bell CTS U.S. as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber, partly offset by a reduction
                                                                     in Bell CTS Canada, along with a higher contribution from our Bell Media segment.
Net earnings              No target                  n.m.            In 2025, net earnings increased by $6,139 million, compared to 2024, mainly due to higher net gains on investments resulting from
growth                    provided                                   the sale of our minority stake in MLSE, lower impairment of assets primarily in our Bell Media segment as well as higher other
                                                                     income, partly offset by higher income taxes and higher depreciation and amortization.
Capital intensity (3)     Approx. 15%                15.1%           BCE capital expenditures of $3,700 million in 2025, declined by $197 million compared to 2024, along with a corresponding capital
                                                                     intensity ratio of 15.1%, down 0.9 pts over last year. The year-over-year decline was consistent with a planned reduction in capital
                                                                     spending in Bell CTS Canada, primarily from slower FTTP footprint expansion in Canada, partly as a result of regulatory decisions
                                                                     that discourage network investment. The decline in capital spending was partly offset by capital investments in our new Bell CTS
                                                                     U.S. segment as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber. Capital investments were focused on the continued expansion of Ziply
                                                                     Fiber’s FTTP network in the U.S.
Net earnings per   No target                         n.m.            Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2025 increased by $6,142 million, or $6.61 per common share, compared to
share (EPS) growth provided                                          2024, mainly due to higher net gains on investments resulting from the sale of our minority stake in MLSE, lower impairment of
                                                                     assets primarily in our Bell Media segment as well as higher other income, partly offset by higher income taxes and higher
                                                                     depreciation and amortization.
Adjusted net              (13%) to (10%)             (7.9%)          Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market gains (losses) on derivatives used to
earnings per share                                                   economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments in associates and
(adjusted EPS) (4)                                                   joint ventures, net gains (losses) on investments, net early debt redemption gains (costs) and impairment of assets, net of tax and
growth                                                               non-controlling interest (NCI), adjusted net earnings in 2025 was $2,601 million, or $2.80 per common share, compared to
                                                                     $2,773 million, or $3.04 per common share, in 2024.
Cash flows from           No target                  0.1%            In 2025, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities of $6,993 million increased by $5 million, compared to 2024, mainly due to
operating activities      provided                                   higher cash from working capital and lower income taxes paid, partly offset by settlements on derivatives used to economically
growth                                                               hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, higher severance and other costs paid and higher interest paid.
Free cash flow            6% to 11%                  10.0%           Free cash flow of $3,178 million in 2025 increased by $290 million compared to 2024, mainly due to lower capital expenditures.
growth
Annualized                $1.75                      $1.75           Annualized dividend per BCE common share for 2025 decreased by $2.24, or 56.1%, to $1.75 compared to $3.99 per share in
common dividend           per share                  per share       2024.
per share
n.m.: not meaningful




(1) As announced in a news release issued on May 8, 2025, and available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca, we revised our annualized common dividend per share guidance for 2025 downward from $3.99, previously
    announced on February 6, 2025, to $1.75. All other financial guidance targets remained unchanged at that time.
(2) As announced in a news release issued on August 7, 2025, and available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca, we revised our revenue growth, adjusted EBITDA growth, capital intensity, adjusted EPS growth and free cash
    flow growth guidance targets for 2025, previously announced on February 6, 2025, from ranges of (3%) to 1%, (2%) to 2%, approximately 14%, (13%) to (8%), and 11% to 19%, respectively, to ranges of 0% to 2%, 0% to
    2%, approximately 15%, (13%) to (10%) and 6% to 11%, respectively. Annualized common dividend per share guidance remained unchanged at that time.
(3) Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues. Refer to section 11.6, KPIs in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(4) Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

32         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
3 MD&A   Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks




3.2        Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to our business outlook, our goal of $1.5 billion in cost savings by 2028 and the benefits
expected to result therefrom, and our plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

2026 outlook
BCE’s outlook for 2026 reflects execution against the three-year strategic and        BCE expects to continue funding strategic growth initiatives while benefiting from
financial framework presented at our 2025 Investor Day. As the first year of this     efficiencies associated with prior network investments that reduce ongoing
framework, the outlook is focused on scaling our core growth engines of fibre,        run-the-business capital requirements and provide increased flexibility to allocate
wireless, AI-powered solutions and digital media, strengthening financial             capital toward higher-return opportunities.
performance and maintaining disciplined capital allocation, while managing            BCE remains focused on transformation initiatives and operating efficiencies
declines in higher-margin legacy services.                                            across the organization and continues to expect to deliver $1.5 billion in cost
                                                                                      savings by 2028, which are expected to help mitigate the impact of legacy
                                                                                      revenue declines.


Assumptions
Assumptions about the Canadian economy                                                • The advertising market is shifting towards digital platforms and most legacy
                                                                                        Canadian TV and radio platforms are expecting impacts from flat to declining
Considerable uncertainty remains around the impact of U.S. trade policy on the
                                                                                        audiences
Canadian economy. We have assumed:
                                                                                      • Increasing competition from the continued rollout of subscription video on
• Modest economic growth, given the Bank of Canada’s most recent estimated
                                                                                        demand (SVOD) streaming services together with further scaling of OTT
  growth in Canadian gross domestic product of 1.1% in 2026, representing a
                                                                                        aggregators is expected to result in further declines in broadcasting distribution
  decrease from 1.7% in 2025
                                                                                        undertaking (BDU) subscribers
• Low population growth driven by government policies designed to reduce the
  inflow of newcomers                                                                 U.S. market assumptions
• Modest growth in consumer spending supported by past interest rate cuts and         • A higher level of wireline pricing competition in consumer, business and
  higher equity prices                                                                  wholesale markets
• Soft growth in business investment, particularly in sectors most reliant on U.S.    • Increased demand for colocation and data centre connectivity services
  markets                                                                             • A shrinking traditional voice services market as customers migrate to wireless
• Relatively stable level of consumer price index (CPI) inflation                       or VoIP offerings
• Ongoing labour market softness
                                                                                      Assumptions underlying expected continuing contribution
• Interest rates expected to remain at or near current levels                         holiday in 2026 in the majority of our pension plans
• Canadian dollar expected to remain near current levels. Further movements           • At the relevant time, our defined benefit (DB) pension plans will remain in
  may be impacted by the degree of strength of the U.S. dollar, interest rates          funded positions with going concern surpluses and maintain solvency ratios
  and changes in commodity prices.                                                      that exceed the minimum legal requirements for a contribution holiday to be
                                                                                        taken for applicable DB and defined contribution (DC) components
Assumptions about the U.S. economy
                                                                                      • No significant declines in our DB pension plans’ financial position due to
• Slowdown in consumer spending, offset by business investment                          declines in investment returns or interest rates
• Ongoing uncertainty surrounding trade policy                                        • No material experience losses from other events such as through litigation or
• Stable CPI inflation                                                                  changes in laws, regulations or actuarial standards

Canadian market assumptions
• A moderated level of wireless competition and sustained level of wireline
  competition in consumer markets
• Higher, but slowing, wireless industry penetration
• A shrinking data and voice connectivity market as business customers
  migrate to lower-priced telecommunications solutions or alternative OTT
  competitors




                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       33
3 MD&A   Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks




3.3        Principal business risks
Provided below is a summary description of certain of our principal business             may impact the economy and our business. The global economic environment
risks that could have a material adverse effect on all of our segments. Certain          could further exacerbate pre-existing risk factors, including those described in this
additional business segment-specific risks are reported in section 5, Business           MD&A, in light of modest Canadian economic growth, reductions in immigration
segment analysis. For a detailed description of the principal risks relating to our      levels, high housing support costs relative to income, and financial and capital
regulatory environment and of the other principal business risks that could have         market volatility. All of these could negatively affect our business and financial
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial     results, including by adversely affecting customer spending, the resulting demand
results or reputation, refer to section 8, Regulatory environment, and section 9,        for our products and services, our customers’ financial condition, and the cost and
Business risks, respectively.                                                            amount of funding available in the financial markets.
                                                                                         Furthermore, risk factors could be exacerbated, or become more likely to
General economic conditions and geopolitical events                                      materialize, as a result of geopolitical events, which could have an adverse impact
Our business and financial results could be negatively affected by adverse               on our business and financial results and related assumptions, the extent of which
economic conditions, including the continuation or escalation of trade wars and          is difficult to predict. Geopolitical events could adversely impact the global
recessions. U.S. tariffs and the unpredictability of future trade arrangements           economy and cause financial and capital market volatility, broader geopolitical
could significantly affect economic growth, customer spending and confidence,            instability and armed conflicts, higher energy prices, inflationary pressures limiting
inflation, and the value of the Canadian dollar. Given the high degree of                consumer and business spending and increasing our operating costs, disruptions
uncertainty around the duration and extent of U.S. tariffs, it is difficult to predict   in our supply chains, and increased information security threats.
how the effects


Competitive environment


Competitive activity in our industry is intense and competitive                          network operator (MVNO) access, competitors can deliver their services over our
dynamics are evolving, contributing to disruptions in each of                            networks, leveraging regulatory obligations applicable to us, thereby limiting their
our business segments                                                                    need to invest in building their own networks and impacting the network-based
                                                                                         differentiation of our services and our ability to earn an appropriate return on
Our market landscape is being reshaped by changing macroeconomic and                     investment in our networks. Such lower required investment by competitors, and
regulatory environments, increasing global and national competition, and                 the impact on our return on investment, challenges the monetization of our
evolving customer preferences. As our business evolves and technological                 networks and our operating model. Moreover, foreign OTT players are currently
advances drive new services, delivery models, and strategic partnerships, our            not subject to the same Canadian content investment obligations as those
competitive landscape continues to intensify and expand to include new and               imposed on Canadian domestic digital suppliers, which provides them with a
emerging competitors – certain of which were historically our partners or                competitive advantage over us.
suppliers – as well as global-scale competitors, including, in particular, cloud and
OTT service providers, data centres, IoT hardware and software security                  If we are unable to develop and deploy new solutions in advance of, or
providers, VoIP providers, and other web-based and satellite-based players that          concurrently with, our competitors, if the market does not adopt these new
are penetrating the communications space with significant resources and a large          technologies in pace with our deployment of new solutions, or if we fail to
customer base over which to amortize costs. Certain of these competitors are             adequately assess and manage the risks associated with these new solutions, our
changing the competitive landscape by establishing a material market presence,           business and financial results could be adversely affected.
which has accelerated in recent years, and continues to evolve rapidly                   We expect these trends to continue in the future, and the increased competition
particularly as AI technology adoption accelerates. Established competitors              we face as a result could negatively impact our business including, without
further seek to consolidate or expand their product offerings through acquisitions       limitation, in the following ways:
in order to increase scale and market opportunities in light of these changes in         • Competitors’ aggressive market offers, combined with heightened customer
market dynamics. Failure to effectively respond to such evolving competitive               sensitivity around pricing, could lead to pricing pressures, lower margins and
dynamics could adversely affect our business and financial results.                        increased costs of customer acquisition and retention, and our market share
Technological advancements, IP networks, and recent regulatory decisions, in               and sales volumes could decrease if we do not match competitors’ pricing
particular, continue to facilitate entry in our industry. In addition, the effects of      levels or increase customer acquisition and retention spending
government policies that result in the acquisition of spectrum at favourable             • Adverse economic conditions, lower immigration levels, high interest rates and
pricing by regional facilities-based wireless service providers distort market             elevated inflation, adverse conditions in the financial markets, or a declining
dynamics. These factors have changed industry economics and allowed                        level of retail and commercial activity, could have a negative impact on the
competitors to launch new products and services and gain market share with far             demand for, and prices of, our products and services, and improve the
less investment than has historically been required. In particular, with CRTC              competitive position of lower-cost providers
decisions mandating wholesale rates for wireline Internet and mobile virtual




34       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
3 MD&A   Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


• CRTC decisions regarding wholesale access to our wireless and fibre                 • Subscriber and viewer growth and retention are challenged by changing viewer
  networks could facilitate entry of new competitors, including OTT players,            habits, optionality, higher costs for consumers and content providers, as well as
  strengthen the market position of current competitors, or encourage existing          the expansion and continued market penetration of global scale low-cost OTT
  competitors to expand beyond their traditional footprint, which may negatively        content providers, OTT aggregators, and other alternative service providers,
  impact our retail subscriber base in favour of lower-margin wholesale                 some of which may offer content and platforms as loss leaders to support their
  subscribers and thus could negatively impact our capacity to optimize scale           core business, as well as account stacking, CRTC arbitration, and a
  and invest in our networks                                                            fragmentation of audiences due to an abundance of choices
• The acceleration of disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business       • Competition, with both global competitors and traditional Canadian TV
  segments, due to technological advancements and affordability, could                  competitors, for programming content could drive significant increases in
  adversely affect our business and financial results                                   content acquisition and development costs, as well as reduced access to key
• Should our value proposition on pricing, network, speed, service, or features         content as some competitors withhold content to enhance their OTT service
  not be considered sufficient for customers in light of available alternatives, or     offering
  should our products and services not be provided over customers’ preferred          • The proliferation of content piracy could negatively impact our ability to
  delivery channels, this could lead to increased churn and slowing revenue             monetize products and services beyond our current expectations, while
  growth                                                                                creating bandwidth pressure without corresponding revenue growth in the
• Increased embedded SIM (eSIM) adoption makes it easier for customers to               context of regulated wholesale high-speed Internet access rates
  change service providers and has the potential to upend existing distribution       • Our ability to grow digital and other alternative advertising revenue, in the
  models, including negatively impacting roaming revenue                                context of a changing and fragmented advertising market, is being challenged
• The shift to online transactions and digital self-serve could cause a reduction       by global-scale players
  in in-store traffic, which could adversely impact our ability to leverage our       • Traditional radio faces accelerated substitution from new music players and
  extensive retail network to increase the number of subscribers and sell our           alternative streaming services such as those offered by global audio streaming
  products and services                                                                 players and those made available by new technologies, including smart car
• The convergence of wireline and wireless services is impacting product                services
  purchase choice by customers and could increase product substitution in             • An increase in the number of competitors in the AI data centre provider market
  favour of lower-margin products as well as increase churn. These trends are           could have a material effect on our business, including, but not limited to,
  expected to increase with the continued adoption of 5G and 5G+.                       creating challenges in the allocation of adequate power resources for future
• The extent and timely rollout of fibre networks and 5G and 5G+ mobile                 developments, and creating downward pressure on our pricing and margins
  services may be adversely impacted by government and regulatory decisions,          • Competition from both global and domestic system integrators driving pricing
  constraints on access to and price of network equipment, labour shortages,            pressure across the industry
  and potential operational challenges in delivering new technology                   Similarly to Canada, the U.S. market in which Ziply Fiber operates is highly
• Cloud-based and OTT-based substitution, and the market expansion of lower-          competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology,
  cost VoIP, collaboration, and software-defined networking in a wide area            shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.
  network (SD WAN) solutions offered by local and global competitors, such as         Customers have alternatives in obtaining products and services from other
  traditional software players, are changing our approach to service offerings        providers, including competitive local exchange carriers, local telephone
  and pricing and could have an adverse effect on our business                        companies, Internet service providers, wireless companies, satellite companies,
                                                                                      VoIP providers and cable companies. Some of these competitors may have
• The launch by competitors of low earth orbit (LEO) satellites, as well as
                                                                                      market presence, engineering, technical and marketing capabilities and financial,
  partnerships between telcos and LEO satellite connectivity providers, and
                                                                                      personnel and other resources, in each case greater than those of Ziply Fiber.
  between governments and LEO satellite connectivity providers to provide
                                                                                      Additionally, some of Ziply Fiber’s competitors offer wireless services which may
  connectivity, including in rural areas and in Northern Canada, continues to
                                                                                      place them at a competitive advantage to Ziply Fiber as a result of their ability to
  intensify competition, which could adversely affect our network deployment
                                                                                      offer bundled services and discounts. Our ability to innovate our own technology
  strategy in such areas and negatively impact demand for our connectivity
                                                                                      may also affect our ability to compete. Ziply Fiber’s ability to compete successfully
  services. The ability of our subsidiary Northwestel, operating in Canada’s
                                                                                      may be affected by various competitive factors affecting the U.S. industry,
  North, to respond to the competitive threat from these providers is further
                                                                                      including a changing regulatory environment that may affect our business and that
  hampered by CRTC retail Internet regulations.
                                                                                      of our competitors differently. Refer to section 8.2, U.S. regulatory environment, of
• Increased insolvency, spending rationalization, and consolidation by business       this MD&A for more details. Loss of customers due to competition or renewal of
  customers could lead to further disruptions in our Bell CTS Canada and Bell         customer agreements at lower rates could have a material adverse effect on Ziply
  CTS U.S. segments, driven by technology substitution, economic factors, and         Fiber’s business and consequently, adversely affect our financial performance.
  customers’ operational efficiencies                                                 For a further discussion of our competitive environment and related risks, as well
• The pressure from simpler, lower-cost, agile service models is driving              as a list of our main competitors, on a segmented basis, refer to Competitive
  in-sourcing trends, which could have an adverse impact on our managed               landscape and industry trends and Principal business risks in section 5, Business
  services business                                                                   segment analysis.
• Greater customer adoption of services like 5G, as well as IoT services and
  applications in the areas of retail, business, transportation, and urban city
  optimization, combined with the increased use of AI, is expected to accelerate
  competition in these areas




                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        35
3 MD&A   Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


Regulatory environment and compliance


Our regulatory environment influences our strategies, and                             Failure to proactively address our legal and regulatory
adverse governmental or regulatory decisions could have                               obligations, and our involvement in various claims and legal
negative financial, operational, reputational or competitive                          proceedings, could have an adverse effect on our business,
consequences for our business                                                         financial performance and reputation
In Canada, although most of our retail services are not price-regulated,              Changes in laws or regulations, or in how they are interpreted, and the adoption of
government agencies and departments such as the CRTC, Innovation, Science             new laws or regulations, as well as pending or future litigation, could have an
and Economic Development Canada (ISED), Canadian Heritage, and the                    adverse effect on our business, financial performance, and reputation. The
Competition Bureau continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters,         increase in laws and regulations around customer interactions, along with the
including establishing and modifying regulations for mandatory access to              technological evolution of our business, further create an environment of complex
networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of              compliance requirements that must be adequately managed. Failure to monitor
conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign          and comply with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to us could expose us to
ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity obligations, online streaming       litigation, significant fines and penalties, and operational restrictions, as well as
and digital services regulations, and control of copyright piracy. As with all        result in reputational harm. Heightened focus on consumer protection through
regulated organizations, strategies are contingent upon regulatory decisions.         legislation, regulatory consumer codes, as well as increased legal and regulatory
Adverse decisions by governments or regulatory agencies, increased regulation,        pressure in the areas of privacy, accessibility, data and AI governance,
lack of effective anti-piracy remedies, intermittent policies, or reluctance to       cybersecurity, and other sustainability topics, require that we build and
effectively regulate global-scale players in the broadcasting business could have     operationalize enhanced compliance frameworks and could further increase the
negative financial, operational, reputational, or competitive consequences for        company’s exposure to investigations, litigation, sanctions, fines, and reputational
our business.                                                                         harm.
Regulatory frameworks governing AI are evolving rapidly across the jurisdictions      We become involved in various claims and legal proceedings as part of our
in which we operate. Governmental and regulatory bodies are introducing, or are       business. For a description of important legal proceedings involving us, please
expected to introduce, new rules addressing data privacy, algorithmic                 see the section entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2025 AIF.
transparency, model training, safety testing, liability allocation, and the
permissible use of automated decision-making systems. These emerging
requirements may impose substantial compliance obligations on AI developers
and operators. Non-compliance with current or future AI regulations could
subject us to penalties, enforcement actions, and reputational harm.
In the U.S., some of the services we offer through Ziply Fiber are subject to
extensive regulation from U.S. federal, state, and local authorities, including the
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and state regulatory agencies. As
a result, Ziply Fiber faces numerous risks that may have a material adverse
effect on its business and operations and, consequently, adversely affect our
financial performance.
For a discussion of our regulatory environment in both Canada and the U.S.,
and the principal risks related thereto, refer to section 8, Regulatory
environment, as well as the segment discussion under Principal business risks
in section 5.1, Bell CTS.




36       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
3 MD&A   Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


Security management and data governance


Our operations, service performance, reputation and business                           considers relationships and interactions with business partners, suppliers,
continuity depend on how well we protect our assets,                                   customers, employees, and other third parties across all methods of
including from information security threats                                            communication, including social media and cloud-based solutions, could
                                                                                       adversely affect our ability to successfully defend against information security
Our operations, service performance, reputation, and business continuity               attacks.
depend, in part, on how well we protect our assets and data, including networks,
                                                                                       Changes in behaviour over the past years, as well as recent geopolitical events,
IT systems, offices, corporate stores, and sensitive information, from events
                                                                                       have further increased our exposure to information security threats. Remote and
such as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire, natural
                                                                                       hybrid work arrangements for our employees and those of our suppliers have
disasters, extreme weather events linked to climate change, power loss, building
                                                                                       increased remote connectivity to our systems and the potential use of
cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism, geopolitical conflict, sabotage, vandalism,
                                                                                       unauthorized communications technologies. In addition, we have seen an
actions of neighbours, and other events. The protection and effective
                                                                                       increase in global criminal activity, including ransomware- and extortion-based
organization of our systems, applications, and information repositories are
                                                                                       attacks targeting critical infrastructure and telecommunications providers, which
central to the secure and continuous operation of our networks and business, as
                                                                                       further strains our information security environment.
electronic and physical records of proprietary business and personal data, such
as confidential customer and employee information, are all sensitive from a            If information security threats were to become successful attacks resulting in
market and privacy perspective.                                                        information security breaches, they could harm our brand, reputation, and
                                                                                       competitiveness; decrease customer and investor confidence; and adversely
Information security breaches can result from increased adoption of AI tools and
                                                                                       affect our business and financial results, given that they could lead to:
a growing number of sophisticated actors, including hackers, ransomware
groups, organized criminals, state-sponsored organizations, and other parties.         • Network operating failures and business disruptions, including those affecting
Information security attacks have grown in complexity, magnitude, and                    emergency and public safety services, which could negatively impact our ability
frequency in recent years, and are increasingly AI-driven and automated,                 to sell products and services to our customers and adversely affect their ability
heightening the potential for damage. Information security attacks may be                to maintain normal business operations and deliver critical services, and/or the
perpetrated through a complex and evolving array of methods, including stolen            ability of third-party suppliers to deliver critical services to us
credentials, social engineering (with or without deepfakes), computer viruses          • Unauthorized access to, and use of, proprietary or sensitive information, which
and other malware, phishing, and other attacks on information systems and                could result in lost revenue, diminished competitive advantages, challenges in
networks. Information security attacks aim to achieve various malicious                  retaining or attracting customers after an incident, and loss of future business
objectives, including unauthorized access to, theft of, and ransomware-driven            opportunities
encryption of confidential, proprietary, sensitive, or personal information, as well
as extortion and business disruption.                                                  • Theft, loss, leak, destruction, encryption, corruption, unauthorized disclosure,
                                                                                         and unauthorized access to, or use of, data and confidential information,
Increased accessibility and capability of AI present security risks, as criminals        including personal information about our customers or employees, that could
and other malicious actors leverage these technologies to automate, scale, and           result in financial loss, exposure to claims for damages by customers,
enhance the sophistication of their operations, including developing more potent         employees and others, fines and/or penalties for non-compliance with
and evasive malware, automating the discovery of system vulnerabilities,                 applicable privacy legislation, extortion threats due to ransomware, notification
conducting highly personalized and convincing phishing or social engineering             and remediation costs, and difficulty in accessing materials to defend legal
attacks (including deepfake audio and video), and optimizing brute-force or              actions
credential-stuffing attempts at unprecedented speed and scale; and perpetrating
large-scale identity theft, generating synthetic identities, and automating            • Physical damage to network assets impacting service continuity
fraudulent transactions.                                                               • Fines and sanctions for failure to meet legislative requirements or from credit
We are also exposed to information security threats as a result of actions that          card providers for failing to comply with payment card industry data security
may be taken by our customers, suppliers, outsourcers, business partners,                standards for protection of cardholder data
employees, or independent third parties, whether malicious or not, including as a      • Increased fraud as criminals leverage stolen information against our customers,
result of the use of social media, cloud-based solutions, our AI-computing data          our employees, or our company
centres, and IT consumerization. Our use of third-party suppliers and
outsourcers, and reliance on business partners, which may similarly be subject         • Remediation costs, such as liability for stolen information, or deepfake-enabled
to information security threats, also expose us to risks as we have less                 impersonation, equipment repair and service recovery, and incentives offered to
immediate oversight over their IT domains. Furthermore, the introduction of              customers or business partners to maintain relationships after an incident
smartphones, 5G, cloud computing, and the proliferation of data services,              • Increased information security protection costs, including the costs of deploying
including mobile TV, mobile commerce, mobile banking, and IoT applications, as           additional personnel and protection technologies, training and monitoring
well as increased digitization and the use or misuse of emerging technologies            employees, implementing robust detection and response capabilities, and
such as AI, robotics and smart contracts leveraging blockchain for digital               engaging third-party security experts and auditors
certification, have significantly increased the threat surface of our networks and
systems, resulting in higher complexity that needs to be carefully monitored and       • Changes in the terms, conditions, and pricing of customer, supplier and
managed to minimize security threats. Failure to implement an information                financial contracts and agreements that we may have
security program that efficiently




                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       37
3 MD&A   Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


In light of the evolving nature and sophistication of information security threats,      There has also been increased regulatory scrutiny over the use, collection, and
our information security policies, procedures, and controls must continuously            disclosure of personal information. We are subject to various privacy and
adapt and evolve in order to seek to mitigate risk and, consequently, require            marketing laws, including Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL) and the
constant monitoring to ensure effectiveness. However, given the complexity and           Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act; the U.S.
scale of our business, network infrastructure, technology, and IT supporting             Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act of 2003
systems, there can be no assurance that the security policies, procedures, and           (CAN-SPAM Act); and foreign privacy laws flowing through customers contracts,
controls that we implement will be effective against all information security            including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In the U.S., privacy
attacks. In addition, there can be no assurance that any insurance we may have           is regulated through a patchwork of general consumer-protection authority, sector-
will cover all or part of the costs, damages, liabilities, or losses that could result   specific federal statutes, and state comprehensive privacy laws. Global and
from the occurrence of any information security breach.                                  domestic regulations governing privacy and data practices are evolving rapidly,
                                                                                         and new or amended privacy laws have been proposed or adopted in Canada and
Failure to implement effective security, data and responsible AI                         in the U.S. at the federal level, in multiple Canadian provinces, as well as in U.S.
governance frameworks could harm our brand and reputation,                               states and local jurisdictions. These laws impose significant obligations, limitations
expose us to regulatory pressure, fines and/or penalties,                                on the use of personal information, fines and/or penalties, and often have short
constrain our competitive opportunities, and adversely affect                            implementation timelines. Our data governance framework must not only meet
our business and financial results                                                       applicable privacy requirements, but also be able to evolve for continuous
                                                                                         improvement. Effective data governance is also a component of good
To achieve our purpose of advancing how people connect with each other and               sustainability practices, which are considered an increasingly important measure
the world, we must preserve the social licence from our customers to collect and         of corporate performance and value creation.
use data in our operations. A strong and consistently applied approach to data
                                                                                         Failure to implement an effective data governance framework encompassing the
governance across our company is critical to maintaining that social licence,
                                                                                         protection and appropriate use of data across its life cycle, and incorporating data
requiring us to focus on respecting the privacy of our customers’ and employees’
                                                                                         governance as a core consideration in our business initiatives and technology
data and protecting such data against information security threats, while
                                                                                         decisions, including AI-enabled solutions and partnerships, could harm our brand,
enabling the responsible and ethical use of data and AI. As our operations
                                                                                         reputation, and competitiveness; decrease customer and investor confidence; and
involve receiving, processing, and storing such proprietary business and
                                                                                         adversely affect our business and financial results. It could give rise to litigation,
personal data, effective policies, procedures, and controls must be implemented
                                                                                         investigations, fines and/or penalties, and liability for failure to comply with
to protect information systems and underlying data in accordance with
                                                                                         increasingly stringent privacy legislation, as well as increased audit and regulatory
applicable privacy legislation. Failure to meet customer and employee
                                                                                         scrutiny that could divert resources from business operations.
expectations regarding the appropriate use and protection of their data could
have negative reputational, business, and financial consequences for the                 Additionally, we have implemented an AI governance framework, and we seek to
company.                                                                                 ensure the responsible development, procurement, and use of AI technologies by
                                                                                         adhering to the guiding principles outlined in our Responsible AI Policy.




38       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A    Consolidated financial analysis



4            Consolidated financial analysis

This section provides detailed information and analysis about BCE’s performance in 2025 compared with 2024. It focuses on BCE’s
consolidated operating results and provides financial information for our Bell CTS Canada, Bell CTS U.S. and Bell Media business
segments. For further discussion and analysis of our business segments, refer to section 5, Business segment analysis.



4.1          Introduction
BCE consolidated income statements
                                                                                                                                           2025                2024            $ change           % change
Operating revenues
   Service                                                                                                                              21,207               21,073                134                  0.6%
   Product                                                                                                                                3,261               3,336                 (75)                (2.2%)
Total operating revenues                                                                                                                24,468               24,409                 59                  0.2%
Operating costs                                                                                                                         (13,810)            (13,820)                10                  0.1%
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                         10,658               10,589                 69                  0.7%
Adjusted EBITDA margin (1)                                                                                                               43.6%               43.4%                                     0.2 pts
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                                     (517)               (454)                (63)               (13.9%)
Depreciation                                                                                                                             (3,861)             (3,758)               (103)                (2.7%)
Amortization                                                                                                                             (1,377)             (1,283)                (94)                (7.3%)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                                                      (1,775)             (1,713)                (62)                (3.6%)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                                                              102                   66                36                 54.5%
Impairment of assets                                                                                                                     (1,027)             (2,190)              1,163                53.1%
Net gains on investments                                                                                                                  5,217                   57              5,160                  n.m.
Other income (expense)                                                                                                                      287                (362)               649                   n.m.
Income taxes                                                                                                                             (1,193)               (577)               (616)                 n.m.
Net earnings                                                                                                                              6,514                 375               6,139                  n.m.
Net earnings attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                                                                                                    6,305                 163               6,142                  n.m.
   Preferred shareholders                                                                                                                   155                 181                 (26)               (14.4%)
   NCI                                                                                                                                       54                   31                23                 74.2%
Net earnings                                                                                                                              6,514                 375               6,139                  n.m.
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                                     2,601               2,773                (172)                (6.2%)
EPS                                                                                                                                        6.79                 0.18               6.61                  n.m.
Adjusted EPS                                                                                                                               2.80                 3.04              (0.24)                (7.9%)
n.m.: not meaningful
(1) Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues. Refer to section 11.6, KPIs in this MD&A for more information on this measure.



BCE statements of cash flows – selected information
                                                                                                                                           2025                2024            $ change           % change
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                      6,993               6,988                   5                 0.1%
Capital expenditures                                                                                                                     (3,700)             (3,897)               197                  5.1%
Free cash flow                                                                                                                            3,178               2,888                290                 10.0%




                                                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT         39
4 MD&A    Consolidated financial analysis


BCE operating revenues grew by 0.2% in 2025, compared to last year, from                                 In 2025, net earnings increased by $6,139 million, compared to 2024, mainly due
higher service revenues of 0.6%, partly offset by lower product revenues of                              to higher net gains on investments resulting from the sale of our minority stake in
2.2%. The growth in service revenues was driven by the contribution from our                             MLSE, lower impairment of assets primarily in our Bell Media segment as well as
new Bell CTS U.S segment, attributable to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on                              higher other income, partly offset by higher income taxes and higher depreciation
August 1, 2025, coupled with the contribution from various other smaller                                 and amortization.
acquisitions made in 2024 and 2025. Additionally, the year-over-year increase                            BCE adjusted EBITDA increased by 0.7% in 2025, compared to last year, driven
was led by higher Internet revenues reflecting the growth in our FTTP subscriber                         by the contribution from our Bell CTS U.S. segment due to the acquisition of Ziply
base, DTC streaming subscriber growth at Bell Media, along with higher digital                           Fiber, as well as from an increase in our Bell Media segment, partly offset by a
video advertising revenues, and greater revenues from our AI-powered solutions                           decline in our Bell CTS Canada segment. The year-over-year growth in adjusted
business. (1) The growth in service revenues was moderated by the ongoing                                EBITDA was driven by higher operating revenues coupled with lower operating
erosion in legacy voice, data and TV services and continued lower demand for                             expenses, reflecting cost reduction initiatives driven by workforce reductions and
traditional advertising. Wireless service revenues also declined year over year,                         cost containment, including technology and automation-enabled operating
due to greater competitive pricing pressures experienced throughout most of the                          efficiencies across the organization. This drove an adjusted EBITDA margin of
year, although abating in the latter part of the year as wireless operating                              43.6% in 2025, up 0.2 pts over 2024.
momentum improved. The decrease in product revenues was driven by lower
wireless product revenues reflecting reduced consumer electronics sales due to                           In 2025, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased by $5 million,
permanent store closures of The Source in 2024.                                                          compared to 2024, mainly due to higher cash from working capital and lower
                                                                                                         income taxes paid, partly offset by settlements on derivatives used to
                                                                                                         economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, higher
                                                                                                         severance and other costs paid and higher interest paid.
                                                                                                         Free cash flow increased by $290 million in 2025, compared to 2024, mainly due
                                                                                                         to lower capital expenditures.




4.2            Customer connections


Total BCE net activations (losses)
                                                                                                                                                    2025            2024          % change
Mobile phone net subscriber activations                                                                                                          214,551         309,517            (30.7%)
     Postpaid                                                                                                                                    102,584         213,408            (51.9%)
     Prepaid                                                                                                                                     111,967          96,109             16.5%
Mobile connected device net subscriber activations                                                                                               324,002         310,882              4.2%
Bell CTS retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                                                    53,959         131,521            (59.0%)
     Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                                              48,013         131,521            (63.5%)
     Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                                 5,946               –              n.m.
Bell CTS retail IPTV net subscriber (losses) activations                                                                                         (52,971)         21,614              n.m.
     Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                                             (52,721)         21,614              n.m.
     Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                                  (250)              –              n.m.
Bell CTS retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                                                (181,197)       (187,426)             3.3%
     Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                                            (173,734)       (187,426)             7.3%
     Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                                (7,463)              –              n.m.
Total services net activations                                                                                                                   358,344         586,108            (38.9%)
n.m.: not meaningful




(1) AI-powered solutions revenues is comprised of revenues from Ateko, Bell Cyber, and Bell AI Fabric.

40        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A    Consolidated financial analysis


Total BCE customer connections
                                                                                                                                                                              2025                  2024          % change
Mobile phone subscribers (2) (5) (6)                                                                                                                                  10,451,584            10,288,574                 1.6%
   Postpaid (2)                                                                                                                                                         9,581,479            9,530,436                 0.5%
   Prepaid (5) (6)                                                                                                                                                        870,105              758,138               14.8%
Mobile connected device subscribers (2)                                                                                                                                 3,359,565            3,043,430               10.4%
Bell CTS retail high-speed Internet subscribers (1) (3) (4) (6)                                                                                                         4,890,602            4,490,896                 8.9%
   Bell CTS Canada (4) (6)                                                                                                                                              4,455,460            4,490,896                (0.8%)
   Bell CTS U.S. (1) (3)                                                                                                                                                  435,142                      –                n.m.
Retail IPTV subscribers (3) (4) (7)                                                                                                                                     2,085,630            2,132,953                (2.2%)
   Bell CTS Canada (4) (7)                                                                                                                                              2,079,791            2,132,953                (2.5%)
   Bell CTS U.S. (3)                                                                                                                                                         5,839                     –                n.m.
Retail residential NAS lines (1) (3) (4)                                                                                                                                1,722,178            1,834,191                (6.1%)
   Bell CTS Canada (4)                                                                                                                                                  1,646,307            1,834,191               (10.2%)
   Bell CTS U.S. (1) (3)                                                                                                                                                   75,871                      –                n.m.
Total services subscribers                                                                                                                                            22,509,559            21,790,044                 3.3%
n.m.: not meaningful
(1) In Q4 2025, after a comprehensive review of Ziply Fiber subscriber accounts following our acquisition on August 1, 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet and retail residential NAS subscriber bases, by 13,029
    and 1,106 customers, respectively, to align with Bell methodology for customer deactivations.
(2) In Q3 2025, Bell CTS Canada reduced its postpaid mobile phone and connected device subscriber bases by 51,541 and 7,867, respectively, following a review of a public sector customer account to eliminate
    subscribers with no usage.
(3) In Q3 2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, Bell CTS U.S. retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 442,225, 6,089 and 84,440
    subscribers, respectively.
(4) In Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases by 80,666, 441 and 14,150 subscribers, respectively, in Bell CTS Canada as at March 31, 2025, as we
    stopped selling new plans for these services under the Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C brands. Additionally, at the beginning of Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base by 2,783
    subscribers in Bell CTS Canada to adjust for prior year customer deactivations following a review of customer accounts.
(5) In Q4 2024, we removed 124,216 Bell prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base in Bell CTS Canada as at December 31, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as
    of that date.
(6) In Q3 2024, we removed 77,971 Virgin Plus prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base in Bell CTS Canada as at September 30, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this
    service as of that date. Additionally, as a result of a recent CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services, we are no longer able to resell cable Internet services to new customers in our wireline
    footprint as of September 12, 2024, and consequently, in Bell CTS Canada, we removed all of the existing 106,259 cable subscribers in our wireline footprint from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as of that
    date.
(7) In Q2 2024, we increased our retail IPTV subscriber base by 40,997 in Bell CTS Canada to align the deactivation policy for our Fibe TV streaming services to our traditional Fibe TV service.


BCE total services net subscriber activations were 358,344 in 2025, down                                          At December 31, 2025, BCE’s customer connections totalled 22,509,559, up 3.3%
38.9% compared to last year. The total services net subscriber activations in                                     year over year, and consisted of:
2025 consisted of:                                                                                                • 10,451,584 mobile phone subscribers, up 1.6% year over year, and 3,359,565
• 214,551 mobile phone net subscriber activations and 324,002 mobile                                                mobile connected device subscribers, up 10.4% year over year
  connected device net subscriber activations                                                                     • 4,890,602 Bell CTS retail high-speed Internet subscribers, up 8.9% year over
• 53,959 Bell CTS retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations,                                            year, composed of:
  composed of:                                                                                                       • Bell CTS Canada subscribers of 4,455,460, down 0.8% year over year
   • Bell CTS Canada net subscriber activations of 48,013                                                            • Bell CTS U.S. subscribers of 435,142, compared to nil last year, as a result
   • Bell CTS U.S. net subscriber activations of 5,946                                                                 of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025
• 52,971 Bell CTS retail IPTV net subscriber losses, composed of:                                                 • 2,085,630 Bell CTS retail IPTV subscribers, down 2.2% year over year,
   • Bell CTS Canada net subscriber losses of 52,721                                                                composed of:

   • Bell CTS U.S. net subscriber losses of 250                                                                      • Bell CTS Canada subscribers of 2,079,791, down 2.5% year over year

• 181,197 Bell CTS retail residential NAS lines net losses, composed of:                                             • Bell CTS U.S. subscribers of 5,839, compared to nil last year, as a result of
                                                                                                                       the acquisition of Ziply Fiber
   • Bell CTS Canada net losses of 173,734
                                                                                                                  • 1,722,178 Bell CTS retail residential NAS lines, down 6.1% year over year,
   • Bell CTS U.S. net losses of 7,463                                                                              composed of:
                                                                                                                     • Bell CTS Canada lines of 1,646,307, down 10.2% year over year
                                                                                                                     • Bell CTS U.S. lines of 75,871, compared to nil in last year, as a result of the
                                                                                                                       acquisition of Ziply Fiber




                                                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                   41
4 MD&A     Consolidated financial analysis




4.3          Operating revenues
                                                                                                                                                              2025              2024            $ change              % change
                                                                  Bell CTS                                                                                 21,681            21,619                    62                0.3%
                                                                    Bell CTS Canada                                                                        21,289            21,619                  (330)              (1.5%)
                                                                    Bell CTS U.S.                                                                             392                 –                   392                 n.m.
                                                                  Bell Media                                                                                3,154             3,151                     3                0.1%
                                                                  Inter-segment eliminations                                                                  (367)             (361)                  (6)              (1.7%)

                                                                  Total BCE operating revenues                                                             24,468            24,409                    59                0.2%

                                                                  n.m.: not meaningful




BCE
BCE operating revenues increased by 0.2% in 2025, compared to last year,                                          U.S. segment of $392 million, due to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1,
reflecting service revenues of $21,207 million, up 0.6% year over year and                                        2025, moderated by a decline in our Bell CTS Canada segment of 1.5%, along
product revenues of $3,261 million, down 2.2% year over year. The growth in                                       with a modest increase in revenues from our Bell Media segment of 0.1%.
BCE operating revenues was driven by an increase in Bell CTS of 0.3% as a
result of the contribution from our new Bell CTS




4.4          Operating costs




                                                                                                                                     2025                       2024                    $ change                      % change
Bell CTS                                                                                                                          (11,805)                  (11,788)                          (17)                      (0.1%)
     Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                              (11,584)                  (11,788)                         204                         1.7%
     Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                   (221)                           –                      (221)                         n.m.
Bell Media                                                                                                                         (2,372)                    (2,393)                          21                        0.9%
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                            367                        361                            6                        1.7%
Total BCE operating costs                                                                                                         (13,810)                  (13,820)                           10                        0.1%
n.m.: not meaningful
(1) Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(2) Labour costs (net of capitalized costs) include wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits, post-employment benefit plans service cost, and other labour costs, including contractor and outsourcing costs.
(3) Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, IT costs, professional service fees and rent.


BCE
BCE operating costs remained relatively stable year over year, decreasing by 0.1% in 2025, compared to 2024, driven by lower costs in Bell Media of 0.9%, moderated
by higher expenses in Bell CTS of 0.1%, due to greater costs from Bell CTS U.S. of $221 million, reflecting the operating costs of Ziply Fiber as a result of the
acquisition on August 1, 2025, partly offset by reduced costs in Bell CTS Canada of 1.7%.




42         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A    Consolidated financial analysis




4.5          Net earnings
                                                                In 2025, net earnings increased by $6,139 million, compared to 2024, mainly due to higher net gains on investments
                                                                resulting from the sale of our minority stake in MLSE, lower impairment of assets primarily in our Bell Media segment
                                                                as well as higher other income, partly offset by higher income taxes and higher depreciation and amortization.




4.6          Adjusted EBITDA




                                                                                                                                 2025                     2024               $ change              % change
Bell CTS (1)                                                                                                                    9,876                    9,831                     45                    0.5%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                         45.6%                    45.5%                                           0.1 pts
   Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                              9,705                    9,831                   (126)                   (1.3%)
   Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                      45.6%                    45.5%                                           0.1 pts
   Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                  171                          –                  171                     n.m.
   Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                      43.6%                           –                                       43.6 pts
Bell Media                                                                                                                        782                      758                     24                    3.2%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                         24.8%                    24.1%                                           0.7 pts
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                     10,658                    10,589                     69                    0.7%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                         43.6%                    43.4%                                           0.2 pts
n.m.: not meaningful
(1) Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA is a total of segments measure. See section 11.3, Total of segments measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.


BCE
BCE adjusted EBITDA increased by 0.7% in 2025, compared to last year, due to                                 decline in our Bell CTS Canada segment of 1.3%, along with an increase in our
higher operating revenues and lower operating costs. The growth was driven by                                Bell Media segment of 3.2%. This drove an adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.6% in
an increase in Bell CTS of 0.5% due to the contribution from our Bell CTS U.S.                               2025 up 0.2 pts over 2024, resulting from cost reduction initiatives, mainly
segment of $171 million as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1,                           attributable to workforce reductions, cost containment and other operating
2025, partly offset by a                                                                                     efficiencies.




                                                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT          43
4 MD&A   Consolidated financial analysis




4.7        Severance, acquisition and other costs
This category includes various income and expenses that are not related directly to the operating revenues generated during the year. This includes severance costs
consisting of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations, as well as transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to
completed or potential acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired companies into our operations,
costs related to litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other costs.

                                                                                    2025
                                                                                    Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
                                                                                    • Severance costs of $380 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee
                                                                                      terminations
                                                                                    • Acquisition and other costs of $137 million, including costs to acquire Ziply
                                                                                      Fiber of $67 million

                                                                                    2024
                                                                                    Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
                                                                                    • Severance costs of $383 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee
                                                                                      terminations
                                                                                    • Acquisition and other costs of $71 million




4.8        Depreciation and amortization
                                                                                    The amount of our depreciation and amortization in any year is affected by:
                                                                                    • How much we invested in new property, plant and equipment and intangible
                                                                                      assets in previous years
                                                                                    • How many assets we retired during the year
                                                                                    • Estimates of the useful lives of assets




Depreciation                                                                        Amortization
Depreciation in 2025 increased by $103 million, compared to 2024, mainly            Amortization in 2025 increased by $94 million, compared to 2024, mainly due to a
due to a higher asset base as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on         higher asset base and as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1,
August 1, 2025.                                                                     2025.




44       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A   Consolidated financial analysis




4.9        Finance costs
                                                                                     Interest expense
                                                                                     Interest expense in 2025 increased by $62 million, compared to 2024, mainly due
                                                                                     to higher debt balances as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1,
                                                                                     2025 and higher average cost of debt.
                                                                                     Net return on post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                     Net return on our post-employment benefit plans is based on market conditions
                                                                                     that existed at the beginning of the year as well as the net post-employment
                                                                                     benefit plan asset (liability). On January 1, 2025, the discount rate was 4.7%
                                                                                     compared to 4.6% on January 1, 2024.
                                                                                     In 2025, net return on post-employment benefit plans increased by $36 million,
                                                                                     compared to last year, as a result of a higher discount rate in 2025 and a higher
                                                                                     net asset position.
                                                                                     The impacts of changes in market conditions during the year are recognized in
                                                                                     Other comprehensive income (OCI).




4.10 Impairment of assets
                                                                                     2024
                                                                                     During the third quarter of 2024, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell
                                                                                     Media TV services and radio markets, due to a further decline in advertising
                                                                                     demand and spending in the linear advertising market. Accordingly, impairment
                                                                                     testing was required for certain groups of CGUs as well as for goodwill for the Bell
                                                                                     Media group of CGUs.
                                                                                     We recognized $958 million of impairment charges for English and French TV
                                                                                     services and radio markets within our Bell Media segment. These charges
                                                                                     included $627 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast
                                                                                     licences and brands, $144 million allocated to program and feature film rights,
                                                                                     $85 million allocated to property, plant and equipment for network and
                                                                                     infrastructure and equipment, $85 million allocated to software, $10 million
                                                                                     allocated to finite-life intangible assets mainly for trademarks, and $7 million
                                                                                     allocated to prepaid expenses.
                                                                                     In Q3 2024, we recorded $1,132 million of impairment charges for goodwill at Bell
                                                                                     Media.
2025                                                                                 Additionally in 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $100 million related
During the third quarter of 2025, we identified indicators of impairment for our     mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we ceased using as part of
Bell Media TV services, radio markets and OOH advertising business, due to a         our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.
decline in legacy advertising demand and spending in the linear advertising
market as we transition to digital. Accordingly, impairment testing was required
for certain groups of cash-generating units (CGUs) as well as for goodwill for the
Bell Media group of CGUs.
We recognized $976 million of impairment charges for English and French TV
services, radio markets and our OOH advertising business within our Bell Media
segment. These charges included $554 million allocated to indefinite-life
intangible assets for broadcast licences, spectrum and other licences and
brands, $250 million allocated to program and feature film rights, $103 million
allocated to property, plant and equipment for network, infrastructure and
equipment and assets under construction, $47 million allocated to software,
$18 million allocated to prepaid expenses and inventory, and $4 million allocated
to finite-life intangible assets mainly for trademarks.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill.
We recorded $51 million of additional impairment charges in 2025 related to
various assets within our Bell CTS Canada segment.




                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        45
4 MD&A    Consolidated financial analysis




4.11 Net gains on investments
                                                                  2025
                                                                  Net gains on investments of $5,217 million included a $5.2 billion gain on sale of our minority stake in MLSE
                                                                  on July 1, 2025.
                                                                  2024
                                                                  Net gains on investments of $57 million included a gain of $69 million related to an obligation to repurchase
                                                                  at fair value the minority interest in one of our subsidiaries.




4.12 Other income (expense)
                                                                  Other income (expense) includes income and expense items, such as:
                                                                  • Net mark-to-market gains or losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
                                                                    compensation plans
                                                                  • Equity income or losses from investments in associates and joint ventures
                                                                  • Gains or losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
                                                                  • Net early debt redemption gains or costs
                                                                  • Interest income




For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                           2025             2024
Net early debt redemption gains                                                                                                                           249                –
Interest income                                                                                                                                            79             123
Equity income (losses) from investments in associates and joint ventures
     Loss on investment                                                                                                                                     –             (247)
     Operations                                                                                                                                             8              10
Losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                                                (26)             (38)
Net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans                                           (9)           (269)
Other                                                                                                                                                     (14)             59
Total other income (expense)                                                                                                                              287             (362)



2025                                                                                         2024
Other income of $287 million included early debt redemption gains due to the                 Other expense of $362 million included net mark-to-market losses on derivatives
repurchase by Bell Canada, as a result of its cash tender offers, of a portion of            used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans and
its Series M-39, M-45, M-51 and M-55 MTN debentures, and a portion of its                    losses on our equity investments in associates and joint ventures which included
Series US-2, US-4, US-5, US-6, and US-7 Notes, and interest income, partly                   a loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority
offset by early debt redemption costs due to the redemption by Bell Canada of                interest in MLSE, partly offset by interest income.
the outstanding principal amount of the Secured Fiber Network Revenue Term
Notes (Term Notes) originally issued by Ziply Fiber.




46        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A   Consolidated financial analysis




4.13 Income taxes

                                                           The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the consolidated income statements
                                                           (income statements) with income taxes calculated at a statutory income tax rate of 26.8% for both 2025
                                                           and 2024.

                                                           For the year ended December 31                                                                2025            2024
                                                           Net earnings                                                                                 6,514             375
                                                           Add back income taxes                                                                        1,193             577
                                                           Earnings before income taxes                                                                 7,707             952
                                                           Applicable statutory tax rate                                                               26.8%            26.8%
                                                           Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                                         (2,065)           (255)
                                                           Non-taxable portion of net gains on investments                                               850               18
                                                           Uncertain tax positions                                                                         22               4
                                                           Impairment of goodwill                                                                           –            (303)
                                                           Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                     –               1
                                                           Non-taxable portion of equity losses                                                             –             (66)
                                                           Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                             –               3
                                                           Other                                                                                            –              21
                                                           Total income taxes                                                                          (1,193)           (577)
                                                           Average effective tax rate                                                                  15.5%            60.6%


                                                           Income taxes in 2025 increased by $616 million, compared to 2024, mainly due to higher taxable income in
                                                           2025 as a result of the gain on sale of $5.2 billion that was recorded on the disposition of our minority stake
                                                           in MLSE.




4.14 Net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS




Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2025 increased by                      Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net
$6,142 million, or $6.61 per common share, compared to 2024, mainly due to                 mark-to-market gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity
higher net gains on investments resulting from the sale of our minority stake in           settled share-based compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments
MLSE, lower impairment of assets primarily in our Bell Media segment as well               in associates and joint ventures, net gains (losses) on investments, net early debt
as higher other income, partly offset by higher income taxes and higher                    redemption gains (costs) and impairment of assets, net of tax and NCI, adjusted
depreciation and amortization.                                                             net earnings in 2025 was $2,601 million, or $2.80 per common share, compared
                                                                                           to $2,773 million, or $3.04 per common share, in 2024.




                                                                                                                                BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       47
4 MD&A   Consolidated financial analysis




4.15 Capital expenditures


                                                        BCE capital expenditures of $3,700 million in 2025, declined by $197 million, compared to 2024, along with a
                                                        corresponding capital intensity ratio of 15.1%, down 0.9 pts over last year. The year-over-year decline was
                                                        consistent with a planned reduction in capital spending in Bell CTS Canada, primarily from slower FTTP
                                                        footprint expansion in Canada, partly as a result of regulatory decisions that discourage network investment.
                                                        The decline in capital spending was partly offset by capital investments in our new Bell CTS U.S. segment as a
                                                        result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025. Capital investments were focused on the continued
                                                        expansion of Ziply Fiber’s FTTP network in the U.S.




4.16 Cash flows
In 2025, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities
increased by $5 million, compared to 2024, mainly
due to higher cash from working capital and lower
income taxes paid, partly offset by settlements on
derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled
share-based compensation plans, higher severance
and other costs paid and higher interest paid.
Free cash flow increased by $290 million in 2025,
compared to 2024, mainly due to lower capital
expenditures.




48       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A    Business segment analysis



5            Business segment analysis


5.1          Bell CTS
Financial performance analysis
2025 performance highlights




(1) In Q4 2025, after a comprehensive review of Ziply Fiber subscriber accounts following our acquisition on August 1, 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet and retail residential NAS subscriber bases, by 13,029
    and 1,106 customers, respectively, to align with Bell methodology for customer deactivations.
(2) In Q3 2025, Bell CTS Canada reduced its postpaid mobile phone and connected device subscriber bases by 51,541 and 7,867, respectively, following a review of a public sector customer account to eliminate
    subscribers with no usage.
(3) In Q3 2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, Bell CTS U.S. retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 442,225, 6,089 and 84,440
    subscribers, respectively.
(4) In Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases by 80,666, 441 and 14,150 subscribers, respectively, in Bell CTS Canada as at March 31, 2025, as we
    stopped selling new plans for these services under the Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C brands. Additionally, at the beginning of Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base by 2,783
    subscribers in Bell CTS Canada to adjust for prior year customer deactivations following a review of customer accounts.
(5) In Q4 2024, we removed 124,216 Bell prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base in Bell CTS Canada as at December 31, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as
    of that date.
(6) In Q3 2024, we removed 77,971 Virgin Plus prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base in Bell CTS Canada as at September 30, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this
    service as of that date. Additionally, as a result of a recent CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services, we are no longer able to resell cable Internet services to new customers in our wireline
    footprint as of September 12, 2024, and consequently, in Bell CTS Canada, we removed all of the existing 106,259 cable subscribers in our wireline footprint from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as of that
    date.
(7) In Q2 2024, we increased our retail IPTV subscriber base by 40,997 in Bell CTS Canada to align the deactivation policy for our Fibe TV streaming services to our traditional Fibe TV service.
(8) Mobile phone blended ARPU is defined as Bell CTS Canada wireless external services revenues divided by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified period, expressed as a dollar unit per month. Refer
    to section 11.6, KPIs in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

                                                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                   49
5 MD&A     Business segment analysis


Revenues
Bell CTS
                                                                                                               2025             2024       $ change        % change
Wireless                                                                                                      7,118            7,149            (31)          (0.4%)
Wireline data                                                                                                 8,441            8,117           324             4.0%
Wireline voice                                                                                                2,520            2,672           (152)          (5.7%)
Other wireline services                                                                                        313              318              (5)          (1.6%)
External service revenues                                                                                    18,392           18,256           136             0.7%
Inter-segment service revenues                                                                                  28                27              1            3.7%
Operating service revenues                                                                                   18,420           18,283           137             0.7%
Wireless                                                                                                      2,634            2,715            (81)          (3.0%)
Wireline                                                                                                       627              621               6            1.0%
External/operating product revenues                                                                           3,261            3,336            (75)          (2.2%)
Total external revenues                                                                                      21,653           21,592             61            0.3%
Total operating revenues                                                                                     21,681           21,619            62             0.3%


Bell CTS operating revenues increased by 0.3% in 2025, compared to 2024, due to the contribution from Bell CTS U.S. of $392 million as a result of the acquisition of
Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, partly offset by a year-over-year decline in Bell CTS Canada of 1.5%. The year-over-year revenue growth was driven by higher service
revenues, moderated by lower product revenues.

Bell CTS Canada
                                                                                                               2025             2024       $ change        % change
Wireless                                                                                                      7,118            7,149            (31)          (0.4%)
Wireline data                                                                                                 8,119            8,117              2               –
Wireline voice                                                                                                2,450            2,672           (222)          (8.3%)
Other wireline services                                                                                        313               318             (5)          (1.6%)
External service revenues                                                                                    18,000           18,256           (256)          (1.4%)
Inter-segment service revenues                                                                                   28               27              1            3.7%
Operating service revenues                                                                                   18,028           18,283           (255)          (1.4%)
Wireless                                                                                                      2,634            2,715            (81)          (3.0%)
Wireline                                                                                                       627               621              6            1.0%
External/operating product revenues                                                                           3,261            3,336            (75)          (2.2%)
Total external revenues                                                                                      21,261           21,592           (331)          (1.5%)
Total operating revenues                                                                                     21,289           21,619           (330)          (1.5%)




50         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A    Business segment analysis


Bell CTS Canada operating revenues decreased by 1.5% in 2025, compared             These factors were offset by:
to last year, from both lower service and product revenues. The service            • Lower TV revenues, mainly due to the erosion of our TV subscriber bases
revenues decline was driven by ongoing erosion in wireline voice revenues and        and lower IP broadband and legacy data revenues
lower wireless revenues, while wireline data revenues remained essentially
stable year over year.                                                           • Wireline voice revenues decreased by 8.3% in 2025, compared to 2024,
                                                                                   primarily due to:
Bell CTS Canada operating service revenues declined by 1.4% in the year,
compared to 2024.                                                                  • Ongoing retail residential NAS lines erosion, coupled with business voice
                                                                                     declines, driven by technological substitution to wireless and Internet-based
• Wireless revenues decreased by 0.4% in 2025, compared to last year,
                                                                                     services unfavourably impacting local and access and long distance
  driven by:
                                                                                     revenues
   • Competitive pricing pressures throughout most of the year, abating in the
                                                                                   • Higher acquisition, retention and bundle discounts on residential services
     latter part, and greater discounting
                                                                                   These factors were partly offset by:
   • Lower data overages driven by increased customer adoption of monthly
     plans with higher data thresholds, including unlimited plans                  • Flow-through of residential rate increases
   • Lower roaming revenues mainly from reduced travel to the U.S.               Bell CTS Canada operating product revenues decreased by 2.2% in 2025,
                                                                                 compared to last year.
  These factors were partly offset by:
                                                                                 • Wireless operating product revenues decreased by 3.0% in 2025, compared
   • Continued growth in our mobile phone and connected device average             to 2024, from reduced consumer electronics sales due to permanent store
     subscriber bases coupled with the flow-through of rate increases              closures of The Source, and lower device sales to the government sector, partly
   • Revenues related to the 2025 G7 Summit                                        offset by higher wireless device sales to consumers mainly from greater
• Wireline data revenues were essentially stable year over year, compared to       upgrade volumes and favourable rate impact due to lower discounting
  2024, mainly driven by:                                                        • Wireline operating product revenues grew by 1.0%, compared to the same
   • Higher Internet revenues reflecting growth in our FTTP subscriber base        period last year, driven by the delivery of our first AI facility in Kamloops, B.C. in
     coupled with the flow-through of rate increases, moderated by greater         Q2 2025, along with greater product sales in Bell Cyber, partly offset by lower
     acquisition, retention and bundle discounts                                   land mobile radio systems sales to the government sector and reduced
                                                                                   equipment sales to large business customers
   • Greater revenues from our AI-powered solutions business driven by growth
     in Bell Cyber, our cyber security business, and Ateko, our Systems
     Integrator and Managed Services practice, including the impact of small
     acquisitions made in 2024 and 2025
   • Higher radio services sales to the government sector

Bell CTS U.S.
                                                                                                               2025              2024        $ change         % change
Wireline data                                                                                                   322                 –             322              n.m.
Wireline voice                                                                                                   70                 –              70              n.m.

Total external/operating revenues                                                                               392                 –             392              n.m.

n.m.: not meaningful


Bell CTS U.S. operating revenues were $392 million in 2025, compared with          • IP broadband revenues derived from the sale of commercial ethernet,
nil in 2024, due to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025. The            dedicated Internet/non-switched access, and other data transport networking
operating revenues were comprised of service revenues, mainly from wireline          options
data and voice.                                                                    • Modest TV revenues from the sale of IPTV service
• Wireline data revenues totalled $322 million in 2025, compared to nil last     • Wireline voice revenues were $70 million in 2025, compared with nil in 2024.
  year and mainly consisted of:                                                    These revenues included traditional local and long distance wireline services,
   • Internet revenues generated from residential, business and wholesale          VoIP services, and a number of unified messaging services. Voice revenues
     broadband Internet services primarily delivered over Ziply Fiber’s fibre      were unfavourably impacted by ongoing losses due to technological
     network which benefited from the continued expansion of their FTTP            substitution to wireless and Internet-based services.
     footprint




                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       51
5 MD&A     Business segment analysis


Operating costs and adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                                                           2025                 2024              $ change              % change
Bell CTS operating costs                                                                                                                (11,805)             (11,788)                   (17)                (0.1%)
     Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                                    (11,584)             (11,788)                   204                  1.7%
     Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                         (221)                    –                  (221)                  n.m.
Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                  9,876                9,831                     45                  0.5%
Margin                                                                                                                                   45.6%                45.5%                                        0.1 pts
     Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                                      9,705                9,831                   (126)                (1.3%)
     Margin                                                                                                                              45.6%                45.5%                                        0.1 pts
     Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                          171                     –                   171                   n.m.
     Margin                                                                                                                              43.6%                      –                                     43.6 pts
n.m.: not meaningful


Bell CTS operating costs increased by 0.1% in 2025, compared to last year,                                   Bell CTS U.S. operating costs were $221 million in 2025, compared with nil last
due to greater costs from Bell CTS U.S. of $221 million, reflecting the operating                            year, reflecting the operating costs of Ziply Fiber due to the acquisition on
expenses of Ziply Fiber as a result of the acquisition on August 1, 2025, partly                             August 1, 2025. The costs predominantly consisted of labour expenses, network-
offset by lower costs in Bell CTS Canada of 1.7%.                                                            related costs, payments to other carriers, regulatory costs and various
Bell CTS Canada operating costs decreased by 1.7% in 2025, compared to                                       administrative and marketing costs. The expenses reflected operating efficiencies,
last year, due to:                                                                                           primarily from simplification of systems and processes, as well as lower call
                                                                                                             volumes despite the expanding customer base.
• Cost reduction initiatives attributable to workforce reductions, savings from
  our customer service centres driven by improved call placement and reduced                                 Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA increased by 0.5% in 2025, compared to 2024,
  call volumes, permanent closures of The Source stores, as well as various                                  attributable to the contribution from Bell CTS U.S. of $171 million as a result of the
  other cost containment initiatives across the organization including,                                      acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, partly offset by a decline in Bell CTS
  technology and automation-enabled operating efficiencies                                                   Canada of 1.3%. The year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth was driven by
                                                                                                             higher operating revenues, partly offset by increased operating costs. Bell CTS
• Lower cost of goods sold associated with reduced product revenues                                          adjusted EBITDA margin of 45.6% in 2025, remained essentially stable compared
• Decreased TV programming costs related to the lower revenues                                               to the 2024 EBITDA margin of 45.5%.
These factors were partly offset by:                                                                         Bell CTS Canada adjusted EBITDA decreased by 1.3% in 2025, compared to
                                                                                                             2024, due to lower operating revenues, partly offset by reduced operating
• Greater commissions, payments to other carriers and bad debt expense                                       expenses. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 45.6% in 2025, remained essentially stable
• Increased expenses related to the revenues generated from the 2025 G7                                      compared to 45.5% in 2024.
  summit, growth from our Bell AI-powered solutions business and from small                                  Bell CTS U.S. adjusted EBITDA was $171 million in 2025, compared to nil last
  acquisitions made in 2024 and 2025                                                                         year, due to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025. This corresponded to
                                                                                                             an adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.6%.

Bell CTS operating metrics
Wireless
                                                                                                                                             2025                 2024              Change              % change
Mobile phones
Blended ARPU (1) (2) (3) ($/month)                                                                                                          57.36                57.90                (0.54)                (0.9%)
Gross subscriber activations                                                                                                           2,125,363            2,351,507             (226,144)                 (9.6%)
     Postpaid                                                                                                                          1,428,620            1,641,053             (212,433)                (12.9%)
     Prepaid                                                                                                                             696,743               710,454             (13,711)                 (1.9%)
Net subscriber activations                                                                                                               214,551               309,517             (94,966)                (30.7%)
     Postpaid                                                                                                                            102,584               213,408            (110,824)                (51.9%)
     Prepaid                                                                                                                             111,967                96,109             15,858                   16.5%
Blended churn % (average per month)                                                                                                        1.56%                 1.67%                                    0.11 pts
     Postpaid                                                                                                                              1.22%                 1.33%                                    0.11 pts
     Prepaid                                                                                                                               5.47%                 5.28%                                  (0.19) pts
Subscribers (1) (2) (3)                                                                                                              10,451,584            10,288,574             163,010                    1.6%
     Postpaid (1)                                                                                                                      9,581,479            9,530,436              51,043                    0.5%
     Prepaid (2) (3)                                                                                                                     870,105               758,138            111,967                   14.8%
Mobile connected devices
Net subscriber activations                                                                                                               324,002               310,882             13,120                    4.2%
Subscribers (1)                                                                                                                        3,359,565            3,043,430             316,135                   10.4%
(1) In Q3 2025, Bell CTS Canada reduced its postpaid mobile phone and connected device subscriber bases by 51,541 and 7,867, respectively, following a review of a public sector customer account to eliminate
    subscribers with no usage.
(2) In Q4 2024, we removed 124,216 Bell prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base in Bell CTS Canada as at December 31, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as
    of that date.
(3) In Q3 2024, we removed 77,971 Virgin Plus prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base in Bell CTS Canada as at September 30, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this
    service as of that date.




52          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A    Business segment analysis


Mobile phone blended ARPU of $57.36 in 2025, declined 0.9%, compared to                                           • Mobile phone prepaid net subscriber activations increased by 16.5% in
last year, attributable to:                                                                                         2025, compared to 2024, due to lower subscriber deactivations, partly offset by
• Competitive pricing pressures throughout most of the year, abating in the                                         lower gross subscriber activations
  latter part, and greater discounting                                                                            Mobile phone blended churn of 1.56% in 2025, decreased by 0.11 pts,
                                                                                                                  compared to 2024.
• Lower data overages due to greater customer adoption of monthly plans with
  higher data thresholds, including unlimited plans                                                               • Mobile phone postpaid churn of 1.22% in 2025, decreased by 0.11 pts,
                                                                                                                    compared to last year, benefiting from our greater investment in customer
• Decreased roaming revenues mainly due to reduced travel to the U.S.
                                                                                                                    retention and improvements to customer service
These factors were partly offset by:
                                                                                                                  • Mobile phone prepaid churn of 5.47% in 2025 increased by 0.19 pts,
• Flow-through of rate increases                                                                                    compared to 2024, due to greater market activity, as well as the impact of the
• The favourable impact from 2024 adjustments to our mobile phone prepaid                                           2024 adjustments to our mobile phone prepaid subscriber base to remove
  subscriber base and Q3 2025 adjustment to our mobile phone postpaid                                               202,187 subscribers
  subscriber base to remove 202,187 and 51,541 subscribers, respectively                                          Mobile phone subscribers at December 31, 2025 totalled 10,451,584, an
• Revenues related to the G7 Summit in Q2 2025                                                                    increase of 1.6%, from 10,288,574 subscribers reported at the end of 2024. This
                                                                                                                  consisted of 9,581,479 postpaid subscribers, an increase of 0.5% from 9,530,436
Mobile phone gross subscriber activations decreased by 9.6% in 2025,                                              subscribers reported at the end of 2024, and 870,105 prepaid subscribers, an
compared to last year, due to both lower postpaid and prepaid gross subscriber                                    increase of 14.8% from 758,138 subscribers reported at the end of 2024. In Q3
activations.                                                                                                      2025, we reduced our postpaid mobile phone subscriber base by 51,541,
• Mobile phone postpaid gross subscriber activations declined by 12.9% in                                         following a review of a public sector customer account to eliminate subscribers
  2025, compared to 2024, driven by lower market activity, slowing population                                     with no usage.
  growth mainly attributable to government immigration policies, fewer lower-                                     Mobile connected device net subscriber activations increased by 4.2% in
  value bring-your-own-device (BYOD) activations and reflects our focus on                                        2025, compared to last year, mainly due to lower data devices net losses and
  higher-value subscriber loadings led by growth in our Bell brand                                                greater Connected Car net activations, partly offset by lower business IoT net
• Mobile phone prepaid gross subscriber activations decreased by 1.9% in                                          activations.
  2025, compared to last year, due to slowing population growth, mainly from                                      Mobile connected device subscribers at December 31, 2025 totalled 3,359,565
  lower immigration, partly offset by effective Lucky Mobile promotional offers                                   up 10.4% from 3,043,430 subscribers reported at the end of 2024. In Q3 2025, we
Mobile phone net subscriber activations decreased by 30.7% in 2025,                                               reduced our connected device subscriber base by 7,867, following a review of a
compared to 2024, due to lower postpaid net subscriber activations, partly offset                                 public sector customer account to eliminate subscribers with no usage.
by higher prepaid net subscriber activations.
• Mobile phone postpaid net subscriber activations decreased by 51.9% in
  the year, compared to 2024, due to lower gross subscriber activations, partly
  offset by reduced subscriber deactivations

Wireline data
Retail high-speed Internet
                                                                                                                                                        2025                  2024         Change               % change
Bell CTS retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                                                       53,959              131,521           (77,562)                (59.0%)
   Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                                                   48,013              131,521           (83,508)                (63.5%)
   Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                                      5,946                     –            5,946                    n.m.
Bell CTS retail high–speed Internet subscribers (1) (2) (3) (4)                                                                                  4,890,602             4,490,896          399,706                    8.9%
   Bell CTS Canada (3) (4)                                                                                                                       4,455,460             4,490,896           (35,436)                 (0.8%)
   Bell CTS U.S. (1) (2)                                                                                                                           435,142                      –         435,142                     n.m.
n.m.: not meaningful
(1) In Q4 2025, after a comprehensive review of Ziply Fiber subscriber accounts following our acquisition on August 1, 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base by 13,029 customers to align with Bell
    methodology for customer deactivations.
(2) In Q3 2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, Bell CTS U.S. retail high-speed Internet subscriber base increased by 442,225 subscribers.
(3) In Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base by 80,666 subscribers in Bell CTS Canada, as at March 31, 2025, as we stopped selling new plans for this service under the Distributel, Acanac,
    Oricom and B2B2C brands. Additionally, at the beginning of Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base by 2,783 subscribers in Bell CTS Canada to adjust for prior year customer deactivations
    following a review of customer accounts.
(4) As a result of a recent CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services, we are no longer able to resell cable Internet services to new customers in our wireline footprint as of September 12, 2024, and
    consequently, in Bell CTS Canada, we removed all of the existing 106,259 cable subscribers in our wireline footprint from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as of that date.




                                                                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                53
5 MD&A     Business segment analysis


Bell CTS retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations decreased by                                       Additionally, at the beginning of Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed
59.0% in 2025, compared to last year, attributable to a decline in Bell CTS                                       Internet subscriber base by 2,783 subscribers in Bell CTS Canada to adjust for
Canada of 63.5%, partly offset by the contribution from Bell CTS U.S of 5,946                                     prior year customer deactivations following a review of customer accounts. In Q3
net subscriber activations, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on                                      2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber, Bell CTS U.S. retail high-speed
August 1, 2025                                                                                                    Internet subscriber base increased by 442,225 subscribers. In Q4 2025, after a
Bell CTS Canada retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                             comprehensive review of Ziply Fiber subscriber accounts, we reduced our retail
decreased by 63.5% in 2025, compared to last year, driven by reduced                                              high-speed Internet subscriber base by 13,029 customers to align with Bell
activations attributable to ongoing aggressive promotional offers by competitors                                  methodology for customer deactivations.
offering cable, wholesale fibre, fixed wireless and satellite Internet services, less                             Bell CTS Canada retail high-speed Internet subscribers totalled 4,455,460 at
new fibre footprint expansion and slowing market growth, due to lower                                             December 31, 2025, down 0.8% from 4,490,896 subscribers reported at the end
immigration and slowing housing starts, mitigated in part, by fewer customer                                      of 2024. In Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base by
deactivations, particularly on fibre, and reflects our focus on customer retention.                               80,666 subscribers as at March 31, 2025, as we stopped selling new plans for this
Bell CTS U.S. retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations were                                          service under the Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C brands. Additionally, at
5,946 in the year, compared to nil last year, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply                             the beginning of Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber
Fiber on August 1, 2025. Net activations benefited from the continued expansion                                   base by 2,783 subscribers to adjust for prior year customer deactivations following
of the fibre footprint, coupled with strong fibre penetration, which more than                                    a review of customer accounts.
offset the non-fibre disconnects.                                                                                 Bell CTS U.S. retail high-speed Internet subscribers totalled 435,142 at
Bell CTS retail high-speed Internet subscribers totalled 4,890,602 at                                             December 31, 2025. In Q3 2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on
December 31 2025, up 8.9% from 4,490,896 subscribers reported at the end of                                       August 1, 2025, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base increased by
2024, due to the contribution from Bell CTS U.S. as a result of the acquisition of                                442,225 subscribers. In Q4 2025, after a comprehensive review of Ziply Fiber
Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, moderated by a decline in Bell CTS Canada. In                                      subscriber accounts, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base by
Q1 2025, we reduced our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base by 80,666                                      13,029 customers to align with Bell methodology for customer deactivations.
subscribers in Bell CTS Canada, as at March 31, 2025, as we stopped selling
new plans for this service under the Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C
brands.


Retail IPTV
                                                                                                                                                         2025                 2024              Change       % change
Bell CTS retail IPTV net subscriber (losses) activations                                                                                             (52,971)               21,614             (74,585)          n.m.
     Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                                                 (52,721)               21,614             (74,335)          n.m.
     Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                                       (250)                    –                  (250)       n.m.
Bell CTS retail IPTV subscribers (1) (2) (3)                                                                                                       2,085,630            2,132,953              (47,323)        (2.2%)
     Bell CTS Canada (2) (3)                                                                                                                       2,079,791            2,132,953              (53,162)        (2.5%)
     Bell CTS U.S. (1)                                                                                                                                  5,839                     –                 5,839        n.m.
n.m.: not meaningful
(1) In Q3 2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, Bell CTS U.S. retail IPTV subscriber base increased by 6,089 subscribers.
(2) In Q1 2025, we reduced our retail IPTV subscriber base by 441 subscribers in Bell CTS Canada, as at March 31, 2025, as we stopped selling new plans for this service under the Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C
    brands.
(3) In Q2 2024, we increased our retail IPTV subscriber base by 40,997 in Bell CTS Canada to align the deactivation policy for our Fibe TV streaming services to our traditional Fibe TV service.


Bell CTS retail IPTV net subscriber losses of 52,971 in 2025, deteriorated by                                     Bell CTS retail IPTV subscribers at December 31, 2025 totalled 2,085,630,
74,585 net subscribers compared to net subscriber activations of 21,614 in                                        down 2.2% from 2,132,953 subscribers reported at the end of 2024, due to a
2024, driven by a deterioration in Bell CTS Canada of 74,335 net subscribers                                      decline in Bell CTS Canada, partly offset by the contribution from Bell CTS U.S.
and net subscriber losses in Bell CTS U.S. of 250, as a result of the acquisition                                 attributable to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025. In Q1 2025, we
of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025.                                                                                 reduced our retail IPTV subscriber base by 441 subscribers in Bell CTS Canada,
Bell CTS Canada retail IPTV net subscriber losses of 52,721 in 2025,                                              as at March 31, 2025, as we stopped selling new plans for this service under the
deteriorated by 74,335 net subscribers, compared to net subscriber activations                                    Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C brands. In Q3 2025, as a result of the
of 21,614 in 2024, attributable to reduced pull-through on fewer Internet                                         acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, Bell CTS U.S. retail IPTV subscriber
activations, lower activations from our Fibe TV streaming services, reflecting our                                base increased by 6,089 subscribers.
focus on growing higher-valued subscribers, greater competitive intensity and                                     Bell CTS Canada retail IPTV subscribers at December 31, 2025 totalled
increased substitution with OTT services, partly offset by a lower number of                                      2,079,791 down 2.5% from 2,132,953 subscribers reported at the end of 2024. In
customers coming off of promotional offers.                                                                       Q1 2025, we reduced our retail IPTV subscriber base by 441 subscribers, as at
Bell CTS U.S. retail IPTV net subscriber losses were 250 in 2025, compared                                        March 31, 2025, as we stopped selling new plans for this service under the
to nil last year, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025,                                Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C brands.
attributable to greater deactivations as traditional IPTV services are challenged                                 Bell CTS U.S. retail IPTV subscribers at December 31, 2025 totalled 5,839. In
by customer adoption of OTT services.                                                                             Q3 2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, our retail
                                                                                                                  IPTV subscriber base increased by 6,089 subscribers.




54         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A     Business segment analysis

Wireline voice
                                                                                                                                                          2025          2024             Change            % change
Bell CTS retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                                                     (181,197)      (187,426)              6,229                3.3%
    Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                                                  (173,734)      (187,426)             13,692                7.3%
    Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                                      (7,463)             –              (7,463)                n.m.
Bell CTS retail residential NAS lines (1) (2) (3)                                                                                                  1,722,178       1,834,191            (112,013)              (6.1%)
    Bell CTS Canada (3)                                                                                                                            1,646,307       1,834,191            (187,884)             (10.2%)
    Bell CTS U.S. (1) (2)                                                                                                                              75,871              –              75,871                 n.m.
n.m.: not meaningful
(1) In Q4 2025, after a comprehensive review of Ziply Fiber subscriber accounts following our acquisition on August 1, 2025, we reduced our retail residential NAS subscriber base by 1,106 customers to align with Bell
    methodology for customer deactivations.
(2) In Q3 2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, Bell CTS U.S. retail residential NAS lines increased by 84,440 subscribers.
(3) In Q1 2025, we reduced our retail residential NAS lines by 14,150 subscribers in Bell CTS Canada, as at March 31, 2025, as we stopped selling new plans for this service under the Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and
    B2B2C brands.


Bell CTS retail residential NAS lines net losses decreased by 3.3% in 2025,                                        Bell CTS Canada, as at March 31, 2025, as we stopped selling new plans for this
compared to last year, from lower net losses in Bell CTS Canada of 7.3%, partly                                    service under the Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C brands. In Q3 2025, as
offset by net losses in Bell CTS U.S. of 7,463, as a result of the acquisition of                                  a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, Bell CTS U.S. retail
Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025.                                                                                     residential NAS lines increased by 84,440 lines. In Q4 2025, after a
Bell CTS Canada retail residential NAS lines net losses decreased by 7.3%                                          comprehensive review of Ziply Fiber subscriber accounts, we reduced retail
in 2025, compared to 2024, resulting from fewer customer deactivations, partly                                     residential NAS lines by 1,106 lines, to align with Bell methodology for customer
offset by reduced gross activations attributable to ongoing substitution to                                        deactivations.
wireless and Internet-based technologies, combined with less pull-through on                                       Bell CTS Canada retail residential NAS lines of 1,646,307 at December 31,
lower Internet activations.                                                                                        2025, declined by 10.2% from 1,834,191 lines reported at the end of 2024. In Q1
Bell CTS U.S. retail residential NAS lines net losses were 7,463 in 2025,                                          2025, we reduced our retail residential NAS lines by 14,150 subscribers, as at
compared with nil last year, due to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1,                                    March 31, 2025, as we stopped selling new plans for this service under the
2025. The net losses were impacted by continued substitution to wireless and                                       Distributel, Acanac, Oricom and B2B2C brands.
Internet-based technologies.                                                                                       Bell CTS U.S. retail residential NAS lines were 75,871 at December 31, 2025.
Bell CTS retail residential NAS lines of 1,722,178 at December 31, 2025,                                           In Q3 2025, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, our
declined by 6.1% from 1,834,191 lines reported at the end of 2024, due to a                                        retail residential NAS lines increased by 84,440 lines. In Q4 2025, after a
decline in Bell CTS Canada, partly offset by the contribution from Bell CTS U.S.                                   comprehensive review of Ziply Fiber subscriber accounts, we reduced the retail
from the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025. In Q1 2025, we reduced                                      residential NAS lines by 1,106 lines, to align with Bell methodology for customer
our retail residential NAS lines by 14,150 lines in                                                                deactivations.

Competitive landscape and industry trends
This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking
statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

Competitive landscape                                                                                              by the national carriers reaching approximately 90% of the Canadian population at
                                                                                                                   the end of 2025, compared to approximately 88% at the end of 2024. For Bell, our
Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                    long-standing focus on network excellence is reflected in the recognition we
Wireless products and services                                                                                     received from independent third-party sources, including being recognized as
The Canadian wireless industry experienced flat service revenue growth in                                          Canada’s Fastest and Best 5G wireless network by Ookla in its Q3-Q4 2025
2025, which was largely attributable to continued customer growth and                                              Speedtest Awards report.
penetration gains despite slowing immigration and population growth, offset by                                     The Canadian wireless industry remains highly competitive and capital-intensive
moderate pricing pressures. With penetration rates in other developed                                              among facilities-based providers, as carriers continue to expand and enhance
geographies (U.S., Europe and Asia) well above 100%, the Canadian mobile                                           their broadband wireless networks, including the ongoing build-out of 5G and
phone penetration rate is expected to continue to increase, above and beyond                                       operationalization of spectrum.
the approximate rate of 90% for 2025, in line with the trend toward multiple
devices, and the ongoing adoption of mobile devices and services.                                                  Competitors for wireless products and services
In 2025, the Canadian wireless industry continued to experience heightened                                         • Facilities-based national wireless service providers Rogers, the Telus
levels of competition nationally, particularly amongst flanker brands, although                                      Corporation group of companies (Telus) and Québecor Inc. (Québecor)
the industry overall saw improving competitive dynamics through the second half                                    • Regional facilities-based wireless service providers Saskatchewan
of the year. The industry continued to see elevated levels of data allocation in                                     Telecommunications Holding Corporation, which provides service in
monthly plans, including unlimited data plans and Canada-U.S.-Mexico roaming                                         Saskatchewan; Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), which provides service
plans, in addition to other ongoing factors, such as: the popularity of data                                         in the three Maritime provinces
sharing plans, including family plans, and an evolving shift in the customer mix
toward non-traditional mobile devices and tools such as video chats. The rollout                                   • Cogeco Communications Inc. (Cogeco), which launched mobile service on a
of 5G network infrastructure continued in 2025, with 5G coverage                                                     limited basis in select markets in Québec and Ontario in July 2025 as a MVNO,
                                                                                                                     offering wireless services to its Internet customers




                                                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT               55
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


Wireline products and services                                                       Competitors for wireline products and services
An estimated 7.5 million Internet subscribers received their service over the        • Cable TV providers offering cable TV, Internet and cable telephony services,
networks of the three largest cable companies at the end of 2025, compared to          including:
an estimated 7.6 million subscribers at the end of 2024. Meanwhile, an
                                                                                       • Rogers in Ontario, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, B.C.,
estimated 7.7 million Internet subscribers received their service over the
                                                                                         Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba
networks of incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) like Bell at the end of
2025, compared to approximately 7.7 million at the end of 2024. Bell continues         • Vidéotron in Québec
to make gains in market share as a result of the ongoing expansion of our FTTP         • Cogeco in Ontario and Québec
direct fibre network and increased customer penetration of bundled service
offerings. Our ongoing focus on FTTP and its superior characteristics as               • Shaw Direct, providing satellite TV service nationwide
compared to cable, such as higher and symmetrical download and upload                  • Eastlink in every province except Saskatchewan, where it does not provide
speeds and greater reliability, has allowed us to connect approximately 8 million        cable TV and Internet service
homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba
to our pure fibre technology. Notably, Bell pure fibre Internet was awarded          • Telus provides residential voice, Internet and IPTV services in B.C., Alberta and
fastest in Canada in Ookla’s Q3-Q4 2025 Speedtest Awards report for the sixth          Eastern Québec, and offers retail Internet services in parts of Eastern Canada
consecutive reporting period. Bell Pure Fibre also received Best Internet, Best        using mandated wholesale access arrangements under the CRTC regulatory
Internet Service Provider Gaming Experience and Top-Rated Internet honours             framework
from Ookla.                                                                          • Telus and Allstream Inc. (Allstream) provide wholesale products and business
While many Canadians still watch conventional TV, digital streaming platforms          services across Canada
are playing an increasingly important role in the broadcasting industry and in the   • Various others such as TekSavvy Solutions and Vonage Canada (a division of
distribution of content. Popular online video services are providing Canadians         Vonage Holdings Corp.) (Vonage) offer resale or VoIP-based local, long
with more choice about where, when and how to access video content. In 2025,           distance and Internet services
ILECs offering IPTV service had an estimated combined subscriber base of
                                                                                     • LEO satellite providers offering Internet services
3.4 million customers, or a 39% market share, unchanged compared to the end
of 2024. Canada’s three largest cable companies had an estimated 4.3 million         • OTT voice and/or video services, such as Zoom, Skype, Netflix, Prime Video,
TV subscribers, or a 49% market share at the end of 2025, down slightly as             Disney+ and YouTube
compared to 50% at the end of 2024. The balance of industry subscribers were         • Digital media streaming devices such as Apple TV, Roku and Google
served by satellite TV and regional providers.                                         Chromecast
In recent years, two of Canada’s largest cable companies – Rogers and                • Other Canadian ILECs and cable TV operators
Québecor’s Vidéotron brand – have launched new television services based on
the Comcast X1 video platform. Bell’s IPTV platform, Fibe TV, continues to offer     • Substitution to wireless services, including those offered by Bell
several service advantages relative to cable-based offerings, including flexible     • Customized managed outsourcing solutions competitors, such as systems
pricing plans and packages, picture clarity and quality, a broad and deep content      integrators CGI Inc. and IBM
library, and multiple ways for customers to access content. These include
hardware-free, app-based Fibe TV on devices customers already own, as well           • Wholesale competitors include cable operators, domestic competitive local
as features such as Restart TV and cloud PVR. Bell’s streaming bundles further         exchange carrier (CLEC)s, U.S. or other international carriers for certain
enhance the value proposition by providing access to premium streaming                 services, and electrical utility-based telecommunications providers
services, including Crave, Netflix and Disney+, while offering monthly bundle
discounts, simplified billing and the flexibility for customers to manage and        Bell CTS U.S.
modify their streaming subscriptions through Bell.                                   Wireline products and services
The financial performance of the overall Canadian wireline telecommunications        The competitive landscape for Bell CTS U.S. is shaped primarily by competition in
market continues to be impacted by the ongoing declines in legacy voice service      residential and business wireline data services, with increasing emphasis on high-
revenues resulting from technological substitution to wireless and OTT services,     bandwidth connectivity and fibre-based solutions.
as well as by the ongoing conversion to IP-based data services and networks by       In residential and small business markets, competition remains intense, with cable
large business customers. Canada’s three largest cable companies had an              operators continuing to compete aggressively on pricing, promotions and
estimated combined base of approximately 2.3 million telephony subscribers at        marketing to defend market share. At the same time, FTTP technology is
the end of 2025, representing a national residential market share of                 expected to maintain a structural competitive advantage over cable, offering lower
approximately 40%, compared to 41% at the end of 2024. Telecommunications            latency, higher and more consistent speeds, and symmetrical upload and
companies had an estimated combined total of 2.8 million telephony subscribers       download capabilities. These attributes are increasingly important as customer
at the end of 2025, representing a market share of approximately 50%,                demand for data-intensive applications continues to grow.
compared to approximately 49% at the end of 2024. Other non-facilities-based
competitors also offer local and long distance VoIP services and resell high-        Wireless fixed broadband and satellite-based Internet services have expanded in
speed Internet services.                                                             recent years, primarily targeting lower-bandwidth or underserved customer
                                                                                     segments. While these alternatives may address certain use cases, they typically
                                                                                     exhibit capacity, latency or usage limitations compared to fibre-based connectivity
                                                                                     and are not expected to replace fibre services for customers requiring high-
                                                                                     performance broadband.




56       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


In business and wholesale markets, competition is driven by demand for high-        While LTE and LTE-A technologies increase download speeds, encourage data
capacity, reliable connectivity to support cloud adoption, data-intensive           usage and enhance the customer experience, growth in data traffic poses
applications and the growing use of AI. Technology substitution from legacy         challenges to mobile access technology. To better manage this data traffic,
copper-based services to fibre-based and IP-enabled solutions continues,            Canadian providers continue to evolve their networks and deploy spectrum to
increasing competitive pressure while also expanding the addressable market         support the shift to 5G. Although the millimetre wave (mmWave) band is important
for advanced connectivity services. Competition in these markets includes           for the expansion of 5G networks, ISED has not yet indicated when the mmWave
national carriers, regional providers and competitive local exchange carriers       spectrum auction will commence.
offering Ethernet, wavelength, Internet access and IP-based voice services.         IoT technologies enable communications-enabled devices to connect over
Across all customer segments, industry participants continue to invest in           wireless networks and exchange data, supporting automation, monitoring and
network expansion, automation, self-service capabilities and digital platforms to   data-driven decision-making across a wide range of applications. IoT platforms
improve operating efficiency, service quality and the customer experience, while    and networks are already well-established in sectors such as transportation, retail,
managing the capital intensity associated with fibre network deployment.            manufacturing and natural resources, with adoption continuing to expand across
Competitors for wireline products and services                                      additional industries. Organizations are increasingly integrating IoT solutions with
                                                                                    other digital applications to support operational transformation, improve efficiency
• Cable TV providers offering residential and small business video, Internet and    and generate incremental value from connected assets. As a result, IoT
  telephony services, including Comcast and Charter, operating in various           represents a growing opportunity for wireless connectivity, enabling service
  markets within Ziply Fiber’s footprint                                            providers to deliver solutions that enhance security, productivity and service
• Wireless service providers offering fixed wireless broadband services,            reliability. While IoT connectivity typically generates lower ARPU when sold as a
  including AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile, primarily targeting lower-bandwidth         stand-alone service, it supports broader revenue and margin growth by enabling
  residential and small business use cases                                          the sale of value-added applications and complementary services. IoT solutions
                                                                                    often deepen customer relationships by increasing account penetration and
• Satellite broadband providers, such as Starlink, offering Internet services       expanding the range of services provided to enterprise and public sector
  primarily in rural and underserved areas                                          customers. In 2025, we added 324,002 mobile connected device subscribers,
• OTT video service providers, including Netflix, YouTube TV, YouTube,              bringing our mobile connected device subscriber base to approximately
  DirecTV Stream and Hulu, which compete for consumer video viewership              3.4 million, up 10.4% from 2024.
• Commercial and wholesale Ethernet and wavelength service providers,               Wireline products and services
  including national carriers, regional providers and CLECs, such as Zayo,
  Lumen, AT&T, Verizon, Comcast, Charter and various local CLECs                    The wireline telecommunications market is expected to remain very competitive in
                                                                                    2026. Although the residential high-speed internet market is maturing, with a
• Commercial IP voice service providers, including cloud-based                      penetration rate of approximately 95% across Canada at the end of 2025,
  communications providers such as Zoom, RingCentral, Nextiva and Vonage            subscriber growth is expected to continue over the coming years. Technology
                                                                                    substitution, including the growth of wireless and VoIP services, is expected to
Industry trends                                                                     continue to replace higher-margin legacy voice revenues, while digital streaming
Bell CTS Canada                                                                     services and other online content providers are expected to impact current linear
                                                                                    TV services. Bell is an important provider of these substitution services and the
Wireless products and services                                                      decline in this legacy business is continuing as expected, although residential
Growth in the Canadian wireless market continues to be supported by rising          voice losses continued at a slower pace than earlier years, reflecting our success
data usage and the ongoing adoption of data-intensive services. Key drivers         in bundling our home services.
include the continued uptake of higher-value smartphones, unlimited data plans,     The popularity of viewing television and on-demand content across multiple
shared and family data offerings, IoT devices, as well as broader mobile access     screens, particularly on handheld and connected devices, is expected to continue
and related data services. These factors are expected to sustain demand for         to grow as consumer viewing habits evolve. Streaming media providers continue
wireless data services over the medium to long term, particularly as usage          to enhance their OTT and DTC offerings to compete for audience attention.
patterns continue to evolve.                                                        Conventional television content providers are adapting their content and
Wireless growth has also been influenced by population and household                distribution strategies in response to these trends. Bell views OTT and streaming
formation dynamics. As new Canadians become more established and expand             services as an opportunity to enhance our linear and on-demand offerings by
their household connectivity needs, additional mobile devices are often added to    providing customers with greater flexibility and choice, while encouraging
existing accounts over time, contributing to incremental subscriber growth.         increased usage of Bell’s high-speed Internet and wireless networks. In 2025, Bell
However, recent government initiatives to moderate immigration levels, including    expanded its bundled streaming offerings, including Crave bundles with Netflix
reductions in international student permits, could weigh on industry subscriber     and Disney+, as well as new subscription options combining Crave, TSN and
additions in the near term and may contribute to heightened competitive             RDS.
intensity.
Following a period of elevated competition in 2023 and 2024, industry ARPU
showed signs of stabilization in 2025. Despite this improvement, pricing
pressures remain, driven in part by increased competitive activity and the
continued shift toward BYOD plans. The greater prevalence of BYOD offerings
has lowered barriers to switching and contributed to higher customer mobility
across carriers.




                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       57
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


The Canadian ILECs continue to make significant capital investments in               opportunities for fibre-based providers to differentiate on network performance
broadband networks, with a focus on FTTP, to maintain and enhance their ability      and service capabilities.
to support advanced IP-based services and higher broadband speeds. Cable             Fibre technology is expected to maintain a structural advantage over cable,
companies continue to evolve their cable networks with DOCSIS-related                offering lower latency, higher and more consistent speeds, and symmetrical
bandwidth enhancements and node splitting. Although the platform increases           upload and download capabilities. These attributes support a broad range of use
speed in the near term and is cost-efficient, it does not offer the advanced         cases across residential, small business, enterprise and wholesale customers,
capabilities of FTTP over the longer term, such as fast symmetrical upload and       and are increasingly important as data consumption and application requirements
download speeds.                                                                     continue to grow.
In the business market, the convergence of IT and telecommunications, enabled        Wireless fixed and satellite-based broadband offerings have entered the U.S.
by IP-based networks, continues to reshape the competitive landscape, with           market in recent years, primarily targeting lower-bandwidth or underserved
non-traditional providers increasingly blurring traditional industry boundaries.     customer segments. While these services may address specific use cases, they
Telecommunications providers such as Bell are responding by delivering               typically exhibit higher latency, capacity constraints and usage limitations
network-centric managed solutions that leverage FTTP investments alongside IT        compared to fibre-based services, and are not expected to displace fibre
service providers bundling connectivity with software-as-a-service (SaaS)            connectivity for customers requiring high-performance broadband.
offerings. The evolution of IT has created opportunities for business market
services such as cloud, cybersecurity, data and workflow automation solutions.       Technology substitution from legacy copper-based services to high-bandwidth
In this context, Bell’s enterprise offerings, including Ateko and Bell Cyber,        IP-based solutions is expected to continue across residential and commercial
address customer demand for integrated digital solutions that combine                markets. In the business market, demand for high-capacity connectivity is being
connectivity, security and managed services. In parallel, the emergence of an        driven by increased cloud adoption, data-intensive applications and the growing
AI-driven digital transformation is increasing requirements for secure, sovereign    use of AI, which are increasing bandwidth requirements across organizations of all
data infrastructure, high-performance computing and connectivity, creating           sizes. Fibre-based providers are expected to continue investing in network
opportunities for Bell AI Fabric to support enterprises and governments in           expansion and optimization to meet this demand.
deploying and scaling AI-enabled solutions within a Canadian sovereign               In commercial markets, demand for data centre connectivity and colocation
framework.                                                                           services is expected to remain strong, supported by capacity constraints at
                                                                                     traditional facilities and increasing customer focus on cost efficiency, latency and
Bell CTS U.S.                                                                        network proximity. These trends are creating opportunities for alternative
Wireline products and services                                                       colocation and connectivity solutions that leverage existing fibre infrastructure.
The U.S. residential wireline data telecommunications market is expected to          Continued investment in automation, self-service capabilities, network monitoring
remain highly competitive in 2026. Cable providers continue to respond to            and digital platforms across the industry is expected to support operating
subscriber losses in traditional wireline services through pricing actions,          efficiencies, improve service quality and enhance the customer experience.
promotional activity and increased marketing and retention efforts. At the same
time, the limited availability of FTTP infrastructure across large portions of the
U.S. continues to create

Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to our projected financial performance and network deployment plans, as well as our
business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

2026 outlook                                                                         Moderate wireless subscriber growth is expected in an environment of lower
                                                                                     immigration, supported by a mix shift of subscribers toward the premium Bell
Bell CTS Canada                                                                      brand, a continued focus on customer retention, and higher product intensity
Our outlook for Bell CTS Canada in 2026 is underpinned by continued                  across converged mobility, Internet and content offerings. We will continue to grow
improvement in wireless performance and growth in AI-powered enterprise              our wireless mobile phone subscriber base in a disciplined and cost-conscious
solutions, partially offset by ongoing declines in legacy data and voice services.   manner while managing heightened competitive intensity and promotional activity
The outlook also reflects an uncertain macroeconomic environment, continued          across all regions and market segments. Mobile phone blended ARPU is
regulatory pricing uncertainty and ongoing competitive pricing pressures. At the     expected to decline modestly, reflecting the flow-through of prior-year competitive
same time, the superiority of fibre over cable, our 5G wireless services, digital    pricing pressures and lower data overage revenues resulting from continued
subscriptions and AI-powered solutions continue to present opportunities for         adoption of unlimited plans, partially offset by pricing actions, increased
growth.                                                                              subscriber volumes and higher product intensity. We also expect to increase
                                                                                     revenues from IoT services and applications.




58       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


Growth in the fibre Internet subscriber base is expected to continue, supported      Assumptions
by higher household penetration. Growth across the combined IPTV and
streaming subscriber base is expected to be supported by the rollout of              Bell CTS Canada
hardware-free Fibe TV and the adoption of bundled streaming services featuring       • Stabilizing wireless market share of net additions as we manage increased
Crave. Our strategy to increase product intensity by expanding the number of           competitive intensity and promotional activity across all regions and market
services per household remains a key driver of revenue growth, supported by            segments
our Internet speed advantage over cable, a strong customer experience, greater
                                                                                     • Ongoing expansion and deployment of 5G and 5G+ wireless networks, offering
cross-sell penetration of higher-value mobility and Internet households, and the
                                                                                       competitive coverage and quality
bundling of content.
In enterprise markets, we expect to build on momentum from 2025 by                   • Continued diversification of our distribution strategy with a focus on expanding
accelerating our AI-powered growth vectors – Ateko, Bell Cyber and Bell AI             DTC and online transactions
Fabric – while managing declines in legacy connectivity services. We expect          • Slightly declining mobile phone blended ARPU due to competitive pricing
higher product sales and project-based spending by medium and large                    pressure
enterprise and public sector customers, supported by continued wireless              • Continuing business customer adoption of advanced 5G, 5G+ and IoT solutions
subscriber growth. However, as large enterprise customers seek to leverage
lower-cost technologies to transform their workforces and respond to increased       • Continued scaling of technology services from recent acquisitions made in the
economic uncertainty, spending on core traditional telecommunications services         enterprise market through leveraging our sales channels with the acquired
and products is expected to remain variable.                                           businesses’ technical expertise
We will continue to focus on our operating cost structure to help offset pressures   • Continued growth in retail fibre Internet subscribers
from slowing customer growth, ongoing erosion of high-margin wireline voice          • Increasing wireless and Internet-based technological substitution
and other legacy revenues, and competitive repricing pressures. Continued
operating efficiencies enabled by our direct fibre footprint, changes in consumer    • Continued focus on the consumer household and bundled service offers for
behaviour and product innovation, digital and AI adoption, product and service         mobility, Internet and content services
enhancements, expanding self-serve capabilities, new call centre and digital         • Continued large business customer migration to IP-based systems
investments, other improvements to the customer service experience,
management workforce reductions including attrition and retirements, and lower       • Ongoing competitive repricing pressures in our business and wholesale
contracted rates from our suppliers are expected to deliver meaningful cost            markets
savings and productivity gains across the organization.                              • Traditional high-margin product categories challenged by large global cloud and
                                                                                       OTT providers of business voice and data solutions expanding into Canada
Bell CTS U.S.                                                                          with on-demand services, which, in many cases, are also sold as a service by
The outlook for Bell CTS U.S. reflects the incremental financial contribution of       Bell Business Markets (BBM) to ensure continuity of customer relationships and
Ziply Fiber, with seven additional months of operations in 2026 compared to            adjacent revenue growth opportunities
2025. The outlook also reflects an uncertain macroeconomic environment,              • Increasing customer adoption of OTT services resulting in downsizing of TV
competitive pricing pressure from cable providers, and execution risks                 packages and fewer consumers purchasing BDU subscriptions services
associated with permitting and pole attachments related to fibre expansion.          • Realization of cost savings related to operating efficiencies enabled by our
Ziply Fiber’s fibre build program is expected to accelerate in 2026 following the      direct fibre footprint, changes in consumer behaviour and product innovation,
reprioritization of investment toward higher-growth markets. This is expected to       digital and AI adoption, product and service enhancements, expanding self-
drive higher year-over-year Internet net subscriber additions and support              serve capabilities, new call centre and digital investments, other improvements
revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth, as the business continues to benefit from          to the customer service experience, management workforce reductions
the operating leverage inherent in its fibre platform.                                 including attrition and retirements, and lower contracted rates from our
The outlook also reflects opportunities to increase penetration of residential and     suppliers
commercial data services across existing and newly built fibre assets. Demand
for high-bandwidth commercial connectivity, including data centre and colocation     Bell CTS U.S.
services, is expected to support growth, driven by increased cloud adoption and      • Continued growth in retail Internet customers with continued deployment of
data-intensive applications. Continued investments in automation, self-service         direct fibre to incremental homes and businesses both within our existing
and digital capabilities are expected to support operating efficiencies and            footprint and in new markets
enhance the customer experience.
                                                                                     • Increasing retail Internet ARPU through continued migration of customers to
                                                                                       higher speed tiers and rate increases
                                                                                     • Ongoing competitive repricing pressures in our business and wholesale
                                                                                       markets
                                                                                     • Realization of cost savings related to operational efficiencies enabled by our
                                                                                       direct fibre footprint, digital and AI adoption, expanding self service capabilities,
                                                                                       and other improvements to the customer service experience




                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT         59
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


Key growth drivers
Bell CTS Canada                                                                        Bell CTS U.S.
• Increasing mix of customers on the main premium Bell brand                           • Increased financial contribution from Ziply Fiber in 2026, reflecting seven
• Higher product intensity across converged mobility, Internet and content               additional months of operations compared to 2025
  offerings, driven by cross-selling to customers who do not currently take all of     • Accelerated expansion of the Ziply Fiber build plan, supporting higher year-
  their telecommunications services from Bell                                            over-year fibre Internet subscriber additions
• Continued expansion of the FTTP footprint, albeit at a slower pace than              • Increased penetration of residential and commercial data services within
  during the 2020–2025 period                                                            existing fibre assets
• Rising penetration of FTTP and WTTP services                                         • New customer acquisition in newly built fibre markets in 2026
• Ongoing growth in retail fibre Internet subscriber base                              • Expansion and deeper penetration in commercial verticals, including education,
• Continued growth in AI-powered solutions in enterprise markets                         data centre and colocation customers

• Expansion of business customer relationships, driving higher revenue per             • Ongoing service innovation and enhancements to the data and voice product
  customer                                                                               suite

• Ongoing service innovation and enhancements to the product suite

Principal business risks
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell CTS Canada and Bell CTS U.S. segments. For a detailed description of the other
principal risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, Business risks.

Bell CTS Canada
Aggressive competition                                                                 Regulatory environment
Risk                                                                                   Risk
• The intensity of competitive activity from national wireless operators, smaller      • Increased regulation of wireless services, pricing and infrastructure, such as
  or regional facilities-based wireless service providers, non-traditional players       additional mandated access to wireless networks, establishing rates for
  and resellers                                                                          mandated wireless services that are materially different from the rates we
• The intensity of competitive activity coupled with the proliferation of instalment     propose, and limitations placed on future spectrum bidding
  and/or buy and pay later plans, and new wireline product launches for                • In an interim decision (Interim Decision), the CRTC determined that aggregated
  residential customers (e.g., IoT, smart home systems and devices, innovative           wholesale high-speed access to Bell Canada’s FTTP facilities in Ontario and
  TV platforms, etc.) and business customers (e.g., OTT VoIP, collaboration and          Québec should be mandated on a temporary and expedited basis, and the
  SD WAN solutions) from national operators, non-traditional players and                 CRTC set interim rates. Subsequently, in a final decision (Final Decision), the
  wholesalers, including the expanded offering of retail services based on               CRTC mandated the establishment of an aggregated wholesale high-speed
  wholesale access by large facilities-based competitors                                 access service available on FTTP facilities to be provided by large ILECs in all
• The competition from both global and domestic system integrators driving               of their respective incumbent territories as of February 13, 2025. This new
  pricing pressure across the industry                                                   service materially improves the business position of our competitors. Several
                                                                                         parties filed Part 1 applications asking the CRTC to review and vary several
Potential impact                                                                         aspects of the Final Decision. On June 20, 2025, the CRTC issued Telecom
                                                                                         Decision CRTC 2025-154 (the R&V Decision) denying all of the review and
• Pressure on our revenue, adjusted EBITDA, ARPU, cash flows and churn
                                                                                         vary applications. In a motion dated July 18, 2025, Cogeco and Eastlink sought
  would likely result if wireless competitors continue to aggressively pursue new
                                                                                         leave to appeal the R&V Decision to the Federal Court of Appeal, which was
  types of price plans, increase discounts, offer shared plans based on
                                                                                         granted on September 10, 2025. Competitive Network Operators of Canada
  sophisticated pricing requirements (e.g., instalments) or offer other incentives,
                                                                                         (CNOC), Cogeco, Eastlink, and Saskatchewan Telecommunications filed a joint
  such as cash-back for upgrade with old smartphone and multi-product
                                                                                         appeal of the Final Decision to the Governor-in-Council, and on August 6, 2025,
  bundles, in order to attract new customers
                                                                                         the Governor-in-Council announced that it had declined to alter the Final
• An increase in the intensity level of competitive activity for wireline services       Decision. In September 2025, Cogeco, Eastlink and Saskatchewan
  could result in lost revenue, higher churn and increased acquisition and               Telecommunications, Rogers Communications Canada Inc., and CNOC filed
  retention expenses, all of which would put pressure on Bell CTS Canada’s               appeals of the R&V Decision to the Governor-in-Council. The financial impact
  adjusted EBITDA                                                                        of these regulatory obligations will be determined in part by whether the CRTC
                                                                                         establishes final rates that fully compensate Bell Canada for the significant
                                                                                         costs and risks Bell Canada assumes in expanding and upgrading its networks.




60       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


Potential impact                                                                        Bell CTS U.S.
• Increased regulation could influence network investment and the market                Aggressive competition
  structure, limit our flexibility, improve the business position of our competitors,
  limit network-based differentiation of our services, and negatively impact the        Risk
  financial performance of our Bell CTS Canada segment                                  • The intensity of competitive activity from national and regional wireless home
• In respect of the new aggregated wholesale high-speed access service                    broadband operators, satellite broadband providers and wired fibre overbuilders
  mandated on FTTP facilities: (i) the mandating of final rates that are materially     • The intensity of competitive activity coupled with aggressive rate actions from
  different from the rates we proposed could have a financial impact, (ii) while          commercial and residential providers and migration from copper-based
  we are able to make use of wholesale FTTP in the traditional territory of Telus         solutions
  Communications Inc., and vice versa, our traditional territory has a larger
  customer base than that of Telus Communications Inc., giving the latter               Potential impact
  access to a larger base of potential new customers than we will gain access           • Pressure on our revenue, adjusted EBITDA, ARPU, cash flows and churn
  to; (iii) we and our brands that resell wholesale high-speed access services            would likely result if wireless broadband, satellite broadband and wired cable
  over competitors’ cable are no longer allowed to sell those services to new             competitors aggressively pursue new types of price plans and increase
  customers within our traditional wireline incumbent serving territory, and (iv) in      discounts, or offer other incentives, in order to attract new customers
  the case of our existing wholesale high-speed access service, the
                                                                                        • An increase in the intensity level of competitive activity for wireline services
  implementation of the rates for aggregated or disaggregated wholesale high-
                                                                                          could result in lost revenue, higher churn and increased acquisition and
  speed access services could change our investment strategy, especially in
                                                                                          retention expenses, all of which would put pressure on Bell CTS U.S.’s
  relation to investment in next-generation wireline networks in smaller
                                                                                          adjusted EBITDA
  communities and rural areas, improve the business position of our
  competitors, further accelerate penetration and disintermediation by OTT
  players, and negatively impact the financial performance of our business
                                                                                        Regulatory environment
                                                                                        Risk
Market environment, technological advancement and changing                              • U.S. regulatory agencies, states and local governments exercise significant
customer behaviour                                                                        control over Ziply Fiber’s operations, rates and infrastructure deployment
Risk                                                                                    Potential impact
• Slower subscriber growth due to high Canadian Internet and smartphone                 • Increased state or local regulation, or modification of current obligations, could
  penetration, combined with potential pressures from the economic                        limit Ziply Fiber’s ability to deploy further infrastructure in a state or municipality,
  environment and reduced discretionary spending, and reductions in                       and delay expected build timeline
  immigration levels
• With technological advancement, the traditional TV viewing model (i.e., a             Market environment, technological advancement and changing
  subscription for bundled channels) is challenged by an increasing number of           customer behaviour
  legal and illegal viewing options available in the market offered by traditional,
  non-traditional and global players, as well as increasing cord-cutting and            Risk
  cord-shaving trends                                                                   • Slower subscriber growth due to new competitor entrants, combined with
• The proliferation of network technologies impacts business customers’                   potential pressures from the economic environment and reduced discretionary
  decision to migrate to OTT, VoIP and/or leverage SD WAN architecture                    spending

• Changing customer habits further contribute to the erosion of NAS lines               • The competitive advancement of wireless and satellite broadband to compete
                                                                                          with fibre offerings making them more attractive to the common users of
Potential impact                                                                          broadband
• A maturing wireline and wireless market with reductions in immigration levels         • Competitiveness of legacy switched-based services where fibre is not present
  could challenge subscriber growth and the cost of subscriber acquisition and            will contribute to the erosion of legacy revenue
  retention, putting pressure on the financial performance of our business
                                                                                        Potential impact
• Our market penetration and number of TV subscribers could decline as a
  result of innovative offerings by BDUs and an increasing number of domestic           • A maturing wireline and wireless market could challenge subscriber growth and
  and non-domestic unregulated OTT providers, as well as a significant volume             the cost of subscriber acquisition and retention, putting pressure on the
  of content piracy                                                                       financial performance of our business

• The proliferation of IP-based products, including OTT content and OTT                 • The ongoing loss of NAS lines challenges our traditional voice revenues and
  software offerings directly to consumers, may accelerate the disconnection of           compels us to build fibre as a competitive offering
  TV services or the reduction of TV spending, as well as the reduction in
  business IT investments by customers
• The ongoing loss of NAS lines challenges our traditional voice revenues and
  compels us to develop other service offerings




                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT         61
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis




5.2        Bell Media
Financial performance analysis
2025 performance highlights




Bell Media results
Revenues
                                                                                                        2025             2024           $ change          % change
External revenues                                                                                      2,815            2,817                 (2)            (0.1%)
Inter-segment revenues                                                                                   339             334                  5               1.5%
Bell Media operating revenues                                                                          3,154            3,151                 3               0.1%



Bell Media operating revenues were up a modest 0.1% in 2025, compared to             • Subscriber revenues increased by 2.7% in the year, compared to 2024, due to
last year, due to higher other and subscriber revenues, partly offset by the lower     the growth in Crave and sports streaming revenues primarily from higher DTC
advertising revenues. This included year-over-year growth from digital revenues        streaming subscribers, moderated by ongoing erosion in BDU subscribers and
of 6.0% in 2025.                                                                       the benefit in Q3 2024 from retroactive adjustments related to contracts with
• Advertising revenues decreased by 5.6% in 2025, compared to last year,               Canadian TV distributors
  due to continued lower demand for traditional advertising impacting all            • Other revenues increased in 2025, compared to last year, due to higher
  traditional platforms, most notably, conventional and entertainment specialty        program sales, in part driven by the acquisition of Sphere Abacus, a global
  channels. Additionally, the year-over-year decline in advertising revenues           content distributor, in May 2025, and greater year-over-year revenues from the
  reflected reduced audio advertising revenues from the previously announced           F1 Canadian Grand Prix 2025
  divestitures of 45 radio stations, partly offset by greater OOH advertising
  revenues which benefited from the acquisition of OUTEDGE in June 2024, as
  well as higher digital video advertising revenues from growth in Connected TV
  and ad-supported subscription tiers on Crave, underscoring Bell Media’s shift
  towards video, audio and OOH digital platforms.




62       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


Operating costs and adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                        2025              2024            $ change            % change
Operating costs                                                                                       (2,372)           (2,393)                 21                 0.9%
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                          782               758                  24                 3.2%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                24.8%             24.1%                                     0.7 pts



Bell Media operating costs decreased by 0.9% in 2025, compared to last year,       • For broadcast season 2024-25, CTV maintained its #1 ranking as the most-
due to:                                                                              watched network in Canada for the 24th year in a row among total viewers in
• Content cost savings, partly offset by contractual sports broadcasting rights      primetime, with 9 of the top 20 programs nationally among total viewers
  and programming cost increases                                                   • English specialty and pay TV properties reached 68% of all Canadian English
• Savings from cost reduction initiatives, mainly workforce reductions and other     specialty and pay TV viewers in an average week among key viewers aged 25
  operating efficiencies                                                             to 54, while French specialty and pay TV properties reached 66% of Québec
                                                                                     French specialty and pay TV viewers in an average week
• Lower expenses related to the radio station divestitures
                                                                                   • Noovo had 2 out of the top 15 most watched regular shows on French
These factors were partly offset by:                                                 conventional TV among viewers aged 25 to 54
• The operating expenses of OUTEDGE and Sphere Abacus as a result of the           • Canadians consume over 750 million hours of Bell Media content in the
  acquisitions                                                                       average month. Consumption of Bell Media content on digital platforms has
• Higher expenses associated with the revenue growth from the F1 Canadian            increased by more than 50% year-over-year across our Crave, TSN, RDS and
  Grand Prix 2025                                                                    News brands.

Bell Media adjusted EBITDA increased by 3.2% in 2025, compared to the prior        • Astral continues to be a leading OOH solution provider across Canada, offering
year, mainly driven by lower operating costs.                                        a range of five product lines: outdoor advertising, street furniture, airport, large
                                                                                     digital format and transit
Bell Media operating metrics
• Total Crave subscribers at December 31, 2025, increased by 26% over last
  year to 4.6 million, driven by a 65% increase in Crave DTC streaming
  subscribers

Competitive landscape and industry trends
This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking
statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

Competitive landscape                                                              • Audio: Competition in the radio broadcasting industry occurs primarily at the
                                                                                     local market level among individual stations, while the broader audio market is
Competition for content in the Canadian media industry continues to be
                                                                                     increasingly influenced by global streaming platforms offering music and
increasingly concentrated among a small number of global competitors with
                                                                                     podcast content
significant scale and financial resources. Technological advances have enabled
new entrants to become media players in their own right, while some                • OOH: The Canadian OOH advertising market is fragmented, comprising a
incumbents have become more vertically integrated across traditional and             small number of large national operators alongside numerous regional and
emerging platforms to support the acquisition, distribution and monetization of      local providers operating in specific geographic markets
premium content. Global aggregators have also emerged, competing for both          • Digital media: Consumer demand for digital media, mobile content and
content rights and audience attention.                                               on-demand services continues to grow, driving increased digital adoption
Bell Media competes across the video, audio, OOH advertising and digital media       across media products. As a result, advertisers are shifting spending toward
markets:                                                                             premium digital video and audio formats on global digital platforms and social
• Video: The video market has become increasingly fragmented and is                  media that enable more targeted audience engagement compared to traditional
  expected to continue to evolve as new services, platforms and technologies         mass-market advertising. In response, Bell Media and other media companies
  expand the range of information and entertainment options available to             are enhancing their digital capabilities and selling advertising inventory through
  consumers. Competition for viewership continues to intensify across linear,        data-enabled and programmatic buying platforms that support more targeted
  on-demand and streaming services as consumer viewing habits shift.                 and measurable advertising solutions.




                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT         63
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


Competitors                                                                          consume content across a broader range of platforms and formats. Viewers are
                                                                                     watching more content online, viewing less scheduled programming live,
Video
                                                                                     consuming more video on mobile and connected devices, and accessing
• Conventional Canadian TV stations (local and distant signals) and specialty        expanded libraries of on-demand programming.
  and pay channels, such as those owned by Corus Entertainment Inc. (Corus),         Streaming services such as Crave, Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, Apple TV+ and
  Rogers, Québecor and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)/Société               YouTube are widely used by households to complement linear television viewing,
  Radio-Canada                                                                       with a growing number of consumers using these services as alternatives to
• U.S. conventional TV stations and specialty channels                               traditional linear packages. As content becomes more widely distributed across
• OTT streaming providers such as Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, Apple TV+,          providers, competition for viewership has intensified, contributing to higher content
  Paramount +, Discovery+ and DAZN                                                   costs and increasing the need for consumers to subscribe to multiple services. In
                                                                                     response, the industry has introduced bundled offerings, lower-priced
• Digital platforms such as YouTube, TikTok and Instagram                            ad-supported tiers and an expanded range of FAST channels, including platforms
• FAST channels                                                                      such as The Roku Channel, Tubi and Pluto TV. As of 2026, Bell Media operates
                                                                                     13 English- and French-language FAST channels featuring entertainment, factual,
Audio                                                                                news and sports programming, available across multiple distribution platforms,
• Large radio operators, such as Rogers, Corus, Cogeco and Stingray Group            including LG Channels, Samsung TV Plus, Plex, The Roku Channel, Tubi and Bell
  Inc. that also own and operate radio station clusters in various local markets     TV.
• Radio stations in specific local markets                                           Premium video content remains a key differentiator for media companies seeking
                                                                                     to attract and retain audiences and advertisers. Live sports and special events, in
• Satellite radio provider SiriusXM                                                  particular, are expected to continue to draw significant viewership. However,
• Podcast networks and distributors                                                  competition for premium content rights has intensified, with global players such as
                                                                                     Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, DAZN, Paramount+ and Apple TV+ increasing
• Music and podcast streaming services such as Spotify, Apple Music and
                                                                                     demand for content, contributing to higher program rights costs and increased
  Apple Podcasts
                                                                                     competition for key properties.
• Music downloading services such as Apple’s iTunes Store                            Consumer behaviour continues to evolve, prompting media companies to adapt
• Other media such as newspapers, local weeklies, TV, magazines, outdoor             their content, distribution and product strategies. Many companies have expanded
  advertising and the Internet                                                       DTC offerings to better compete with non-traditional platforms, including Bell
OOH advertising                                                                      Media’s bilingual Crave service, TSN and RDS, which are available across a wide
                                                                                     range of devices and platforms. While SVOD services continue to dominate the
• Large outdoor and indoor advertisers, such as Allvision, Branded Cities,           streaming landscape, AVOD and FAST services are experiencing strong growth,
  Lamar Advertising, Pattison Outdoor, Québecor, Vendo Media, REC Media,             driven in part by demand from more price-conscious consumers.
  UB Media, Cineplex, and Rogers Sports & Media
                                                                                     In parallel, advertising buying patterns are shifting across all media platforms.
• Numerous smaller and local companies operating a limited number of faces in        Growth in digital consumption has increased demand for more targeted, data-
  a few local markets                                                                driven advertising solutions, including self-serve and programmatic buying
• Other media such as video, audio, print media and the Internet                     models. As a result, Bell Media and other media companies are enhancing their
                                                                                     advertising platforms and capabilities to offer more targeted and measurable
Industry trends                                                                      advertising solutions through data-enabled and programmatic channels.
Consumers continue to have access to a growing array of online entertainment
and information options, with new services introduced regularly. This expansion
has contributed to increased fragmentation in viewing and consumption habits.
While traditional linear television continues to deliver higher overall viewership
relative to other forms of video consumption, the gap is narrowing as audiences
increasingly




64       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to our projected financial performance and our business outlook, objectives, plans and
strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

2026 outlook                                                                            Bell Media will continue to support original French-language programming, with an
                                                                                        emphasis on digital platforms such as Crave, Noovo.ca and iHeartRadio Canada,
Bell Media is targeting positive revenue growth in 2026, driven by continued
                                                                                        to better serve French-language audiences through more personalized digital
scaling of digital advertising across Connected TV, DAAI, ad-supported Crave
                                                                                        experiences.
offerings, and growth in global content distribution through Sphere Abacus. The
advertising market continues to shift toward digital platforms, while most legacy       Global content distribution is expected to remain an important growth driver
Canadian TV and radio platforms are experiencing flat to declining audiences.           through Bell Media’s majority ownership of Sphere Abacus, which serves as the
Subscriber revenue growth is expected to be supported by the continued scaling          primary international distributor of Bell Media’s owned content rights. This platform
of Crave, TSN and RDS streaming services through expanded distribution,                 is expected to expand global reach, enhance monetization opportunities and
optimized content offerings and ongoing user experience (UX) enhancements.              support the international distribution of Canadian content and creators.
At the same time, continued shifts in media consumption toward competing OTT            In audio, Bell Media intends to continue offering advertisers attractive national and
and digital platforms, as well as ongoing TV cord-shaving and cord-cutting, are         local opportunities, including the scaling of DAAI. In addition, Bell Media will
expected to continue to pressure legacy media subscriber volumes and                    pursue opportunities to leverage synergies across its video and audio properties,
revenues.                                                                               including content promotion, expanded content distribution through iHeartRadio
Bell Media remains focused on advancing its digital-first media strategy,               Canada and continued operational efficiencies.
including growing digital revenues and DTC subscribers. The business also               In OOH advertising, Bell Media continues to provide advertisers with exposure
continues to emphasize cost discipline by pursuing productivity gains and               across key Canadian markets. The business will continue to pursue growth
operational efficiencies across its media properties, while maintaining                 opportunities in digital OOH, including the conversion of select static outdoor
investment in premium content across all screens and platforms.                         structures to digital formats and the development of new digital locations to meet
Across its media portfolio, particularly in video, Bell Media intends to leverage its   increasing advertiser demand.
market position and enhanced audience targeting capabilities to offer
advertisers premium opportunities to reach national and local audiences.                Assumptions
Execution in this area depends on the continued acquisition of highly rated and         • Overall digital revenue expected to reflect scaling of Connected TV, DTC
differentiated programming, the maintenance of strategic content supply                   advertising and subscriber growth, as well as digital growth in our OOH
arrangements across platforms, and the production and commissioning of high-              business contributing towards the advancement of our digital-first media
quality Canadian content. Bell Media also plans to continue scaling Connected             strategy
TV and DAAI, enabling more precise advertising targeting and personalized ad
experiences at the household and device level.                                          • Leveraging of first-party data to improve targeting, advertisement delivery
                                                                                          including personalized viewing experience and attribution
Bell Media’s sports offerings are expected to remain a significant driver of
audience engagement, including coverage of major events such as the 2026                • Strategically managing escalating content acquisition and production costs to
FIFA World Cup. These offerings, together with the continued integration of               secure high-quality, differentiated programming across all screens and
digital platforms, are central to the strategy to enhance viewership and                  platforms
engagement. Bell Media will also continue to invest in innovative, high-quality         • Continued scaling of Crave, TSN, and RDS through expanded distribution,
sports news and editorial programming.                                                    partnerships, content offerings and UX improvements
In non-sports specialty TV, audience performance and advertising revenues are           • Global content distribution growth through majority ownership of Sphere
expected to be supported by continued investment in quality programming and               Abacus
original productions.
                                                                                        • Continued support in original French content with a focus on digital platforms
Crave, Bell Media’s bilingual premium streaming service, continues to be a                such as Crave, Noovo.ca and iHeartRadio Canada, to better serve our French-
central component of the digital strategy. Following its recent expansion to              language customers through a personalized digital experience
include additional content, including news, select sports and an expanded kids’
offering, Bell Media expects to continue leveraging its premium content portfolio       • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of
– including HBO, Max, STARZ and original English- and French-language                     changes in or implementation of regulations affecting our media business
programming – to attract and retain DTC subscribers. Ongoing efforts will focus
on expanded distribution and continued platform enhancements.




                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        65
5 MD&A   Business segment analysis


Key growth drivers
• Continued scaling of Crave, TSN and RDS streaming through expanded                  • Delivery of compelling content to maintain strength in audience performance
  distribution including bundles and partnerships                                       and scale global content distribution
• Continued growth in Connected TV, DAAI, Crave with Ads and FAST                     • Growth in global content distribution through Sphere Abacus
  channels, as well as digital growth in our OOH business

Principal business risks
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Media segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could
have a material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, Business risks.

Advertising and subscription revenue uncertainty                                      Aggressive competition
Risk                                                                                  Risk
• Advertising is heavily dependent on economic conditions and viewership, and         • The intensity of competitive activity from new technologies and alternative
  traditional media is under increasing pressure for advertising spend against          distribution platforms such as unregulated OTT content offerings, VOD,
  dominant non-traditional/global digital services                                      personal video platforms, DTC distribution and pirated content, in addition to
• The advertising market could be further impacted by canceled or delayed               traditional TV services, in combination with the development of more
  advertising campaigns from many sectors due to the economic environment               aggressive product and sales strategies by non-traditional global players with a
                                                                                        much larger scale
• Bell Media has contracts with a variety of BDUs, under which monthly
  subscription fees for specialty and pay TV services are earned, which expire        Potential impact
  on a specific date
                                                                                      • Increased competitive activity in combination with the development of more
Potential impact                                                                        aggressive product and sales strategies could have an adverse impact on the
                                                                                        level of subscriptions and/or viewership for Bell Media’s TV services and on Bell
• Economic uncertainty could continue to impact advertisers’ spending. Our              Media’s revenue streams
  failure to increase or maintain viewership or capture our share of the
  changing and fragmented advertising market, including digital revenues,             Rising content costs and ability to secure key content
  could result in the loss of advertising revenue.
                                                                                      Risk
• If we are not successful in obtaining favourable agreements with BDUs, it
  could result in the loss of subscription revenue                                    • Rising content costs, as an increasing number of domestic and global
                                                                                        competitors seek to acquire the same content or to restrict content within their
                                                                                        own ecosystems, and the ability to acquire or develop key differentiated content
                                                                                        to drive revenues and subscriber growth

                                                                                      Potential impact
                                                                                      • Rising programming costs could require us to incur unplanned expenses, which
                                                                                        could result in negative pressure on adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                      • Our inability to acquire or develop popular programming content could
                                                                                        adversely affect Bell Media’s viewership and subscription levels and,
                                                                                        consequently, advertising and subscription revenues




66       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A    Financial and capital management



6              Financial and capital management

This section tells you how we manage our cash and capital resources to carry out our strategy and deliver financial results. It provides
an analysis of our financial condition, cash flows and liquidity on a consolidated basis.




6.1            Net debt
                                                                                                                                                  2025                 2024              $ change               % change
Long-term debt                                                                                                                                  34,904              32,835                   2,069                   6.3%
Less: 50% of junior subordinated debt (1)                                                                                                       (2,149)                    –                (2,149)                   n.m.
Debt due within one year                                                                                                                         6,155                7,669                 (1,514)               (19.7%)
50% of preferred shares (2)                                                                                                                      1,644                1,767                   (123)                 (7.0%)
Cash                                                                                                                                              (314)              (1,572)                 1,258                 80.0%
Cash equivalents                                                                                                                                     (6)                   –                     (6)                  n.m.
Short-term investments                                                                                                                                –                (400)                   400                100.0%
Net debt (3)                                                                                                                                    40,234              40,299                     (65)                 (0.2%)
n.m.: not meaningful
(1) 50% of junior subordinated debt at December 31, 2025 is excluded as it has been afforded equity treatment by certain credit rating agencies.
(2) 50% of outstanding preferred shares of $3,288 million and $3,533 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, are classified as debt consistent with the treatment by some credit rating agencies.
(3) Net debt is a non-GAAP financial measure. See section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

The decrease of $1,514 million in debt due within one year and the increase                                     Partly offset by:
$2,069 million in long-term debt were due to:                                                                   • the repayment at maturity of Series M-47 MTN debentures, with a total principal
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series A Notes, with a total principal amount                                    amount of $1,500 million
  of $1,000 million in U.S. dollars ($1,416 million in Canadian dollars)                                        • the repayment at maturity of Series M-49 MTN debentures, with a total principal
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series B Notes, with a total principal amount                                    amount of $600 million
  of $1,250 million in U.S. dollars ($1,771 million in Canadian dollars)                                        • the repurchase by Bell Canada, pursuant to tender offers, for an aggregate
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series C Notes, with a total principal amount                                    cash purchase price of $633 million in U.S. dollars ($903 million in Canadian
  of $1,250 million                                                                                               dollars) of:
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-64 MTN debentures, with a total                                          • a principal amount of $174 million in U.S. dollars ($249 million in Canadian
  principal amount of $400 million                                                                                   dollars) of its Series US-2 Notes, that had an outstanding principal amount of
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-65 MTN debentures, with a total                                            $600 million in U.S. dollars ($856 million in Canadian dollars)
  principal amount of $500 million                                                                                 • a principal amount of $79 million in U.S. dollars ($112 million in Canadian
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-66 MTN debentures, with a total                                            dollars) of its Series US-4 Notes, that had an outstanding principal amount of
  principal amount of $600 million                                                                                   $500 million in U.S. dollars ($713 million in Canadian dollars)

• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-67 MTN debentures, with a total                                          • a principal amount of $183 million in U.S. dollars ($261 million in Canadian
  principal amount of $500 million                                                                                   dollars) of its Series US-5 Notes, that had an outstanding principal amount of
                                                                                                                     $600 million in U.S. dollars ($856 million in Canadian dollars)
• an increase in outstanding loans of $487 million in U.S. dollars ($678 million
  in Canadian dollars) under the Bell Canada unsecured committed term loan                                         • a principal amount of $191 million in U.S. dollars ($273 million in Canadian
  facility                                                                                                           dollars) of its Series US-6 Notes, that had an outstanding principal amount of
                                                                                                                     $650 million in U.S. dollars ($927 million in Canadian dollars)
• an increase of $1,998 million in U.S. dollars ($2,757 million in Canadian
  dollars) due to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber comprised of Term Notes with an                                   • a principal amount of $217 million in U.S. dollars ($310 million in Canadian
  outstanding principal amount of $1,594 million in U.S. dollars ($2,199 million                                     dollars) of its Series US-7 Notes, that had an outstanding principal amount of
  in Canadian dollars), Secured Fiber Network Revenue Funding Notes                                                  $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,070 million in Canadian dollars)
  (Funding Notes) with an outstanding principal amount of $367 million in U.S.
  dollars ($506 million in Canadian dollars) and lease liabilities and other debt
  of $37 million in U.S. dollars ($52 million in Canadian dollars)
• an increase in outstanding loans of $500 million in U.S. dollars ($697 million
  in Canadian dollars) under a new unsecured term loan facility
• a increase in notes payable (net of repayments) of $452 million




                                                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                    67
6 MD&A    Financial and capital management


• the repurchase by Bell Canada, pursuant to tender offers, for an aggregate         • a net decrease of $1,058 million mainly due to lower lease liabilities and other
  cash purchase price of $1,498 million of:                                            debt and foreign exchange fluctuations on U.S. debt for which we have entered
     • a principal amount of $105 million of its Series M-39 MTN debentures, that      into hedges. Refer to section 6.5, Financial risk management, of this MD&A for
       had an outstanding principal amount of $500 million                             more details.
                                                                                     The decrease in cash of $1,258 million, the decrease in short-term investments of
     • a principal amount of $100 million of its Series M-45 MTN debentures, that
                                                                                     $400 million and the increase in cash equivalents of $6 million were mainly due to:
       had an outstanding principal amount of $500 million
                                                                                     • $8,965 million of repayment of long-term debt, excluding principal payment of
     • a principal amount of $1,166 million of its Series M-51 MTN debentures,
                                                                                       lease liabilities
       that had an original outstanding principal amount of $1,250 million
                                                                                     • $4,905 million for business acquisitions, mainly from the acquisition of Ziply
     • a principal amount of $460 million of its Series M-55 MTN debentures, that
                                                                                       Fiber
       had an outstanding principal amount of $550 million
                                                                                     • $3,700 million of capital expenditures
• a decrease in debt of $636 million due to an early debt redemption gain as a
  result of the tender offers described above                                        • $2,026 million of dividends paid on BCE common shares
• the repurchase by Bell Canada, in the open market, for a cash purchase price       • $1,127 million principal payment of lease liabilities
  of $6 million, of a principal amount of $7 million of its Series M-55 MTN          • $216 million paid for the purchase on the open market of BCE common shares
  debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $90 million, following       for the settlement of share-based payments
  the tender offers described above
                                                                                     • $189 million paid for other financing activities which includes early debt
• the redemption, prior to maturity, of Series M-41 MTN debentures that had an         redemption costs at Ziply Fiber
  outstanding principal amount of $750 million, for an aggregate purchase price
  of $750 million                                                                    • $182 million paid for the repurchase of BCE preferred shares
• the repayment of the outstanding loan of $600 million in U.S. dollars              • $151 million of dividends paid on BCE preferred shares
  ($814 million in Canadian dollars) under the Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility)    • $95 million paid for other investing activities which includes a pre-acquisition
  trade loan agreement                                                                 loan to Ziply Fiber
• the redemption, prior to maturity, of the outstanding principal amount of          Partly offset by:
  $1,594 million in U.S. dollars ($2,192 million in Canadian dollars) of Ziply
                                                                                     • $7,809 million of issuance of long-term debt
  Fiber’s Term Notes
                                                                                     • $6,993 million of cash flows from operating activities
• the redemption, prior to maturity, of the outstanding principal amount of
  $367 million in U.S. dollars ($509 million in Canadian dollars) of Ziply Fiber’s   • $4,684 million of decrease in investments due to the sale of our minority stake
  Funding Notes                                                                        in MLSE
                                                                                     • $452 million increase in notes payable (net of repayments)
                                                                                     • $102 million of business dispositions mainly from the sale of our home security
                                                                                       and monitored alarm assets and the sale of our Bell Media radio stations




6.2         Outstanding share data
                                                                         Number                                                                  Number      Weighted average
Common shares outstanding                                               of shares    Stock options outstanding                                 of options    exercise price ($)

Outstanding, January 1, 2025                                         912,283,103     Outstanding, January 1, 2025                              6,545,819                    61
Shares issued under deferred share plan                                      715     Forfeited or expired                                      (1,042,645)                  57
Shares issued under BCE’s Shareholder Dividend Reinvestment and                      Outstanding and exercisable, December 31, 2025            5,503,174                    62
  Stock Purchase Plan (DRP)                                           20,241,999
Outstanding, December 31, 2025                                       932,525,817


At March 5, 2026, 932,525,817 common shares and 8,803,902 stock options were outstanding.

Discounted Treasury Dividend Reinvestment Plan
In Q4 2024, BCE amended its DRP to provide, at the BCE Board’s discretion,           On April 15, 2025, 10,701,213 common shares were issued from treasury under
for the issuance of new common shares from treasury at a 2% discount to the          the DRP to shareholders of record on March 14, 2025 holding 312,818,741
Average Market Price commencing with the dividend payable on January 15,             common shares, for $319 million.
2025 to eligible shareholders as of the December 16, 2024 record date, and           On May 7, 2025, the BCE Board determined that common shares distributed
subsequent periods.                                                                  under BCE’s DRP will no longer be issued from treasury at a 2% discount to the
On January 15, 2025, 9,540,786 common shares were issued from treasury               average market price and will rather be purchased by BCE’s agent, TSX Trust
under the DRP to shareholders of record on December 16, 2024 holding                 Company, on the secondary market with cash provided by BCE. The modifications
308,654,258 common shares, for $314 million.                                         became effective commencing with the dividend payable on July 15, 2025 to
                                                                                     eligible holders of common shares as of the June 16, 2025 record date, and
                                                                                     subsequently until further notice.




68        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A     Financial and capital management




6.3          Cash flows
                                                                                                                                                2025                   2024              $ change       % change
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                          6,993                  6,988                        5         0.1%
Capital expenditures                                                                                                                          (3,700)                (3,897)                    197         5.1%
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                         (151)                  (187)                     36        19.3%
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                                                                       (51)                   (68)                     17        25.0%
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                                                  87                     52                      35        67.3%
Free cash flow                                                                                                                                3,178                  2,888                      290        10.0%
Principal payment of lease liabilities                                                                                                        (1,127)                (1,142)                     15         1.3%
Free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities (1)                                                                                         2,051                  1,746                      305        17.5%
Business acquisitions                                                                                                                         (4,905)                  (624)               (4,281)           n.m.
Business dispositions                                                                                                                            102                       –                    102          n.m.
Increase in investments                                                                                                                          (83)                   (34)                     (49)        n.m.
Decrease in investments                                                                                                                       4,684                      12                    4,672         n.m.
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                                                 (87)                   (52)                     (35)     (67.3%)
Decrease in short-term investments                                                                                                               400                    600                    (200)      (33.3%)
Spectrum licences                                                                                                                                  (3)                 (531)                    528        99.4%
Other investing activities                                                                                                                       (95)                    36                    (131)         n.m.
Increase in notes payable                                                                                                                        452                 1,945                 (1,493)        (76.8%)
Issue of long-term debt                                                                                                                       7,809                  3,834                     3,975         n.m.
Repayment of long-term debt, excluding principal payment of lease liabilities                                                                 (8,965)                (2,161)               (6,804)           n.m.
Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                                                                                       (216)                  (235)                     19         8.1%
Repurchase of preferred shares                                                                                                                  (182)                   (92)                     (90)     (97.8%)
Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                          (2,026)                (3,613)                   1,587       43.9%
Other financing activities                                                                                                                      (189)                   (31)                   (158)         n.m.
                                                                                                                                              (3,304)                  (946)               (2,358)           n.m.
Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                              1                       –                      1          n.m.
Net (decrease) increase in cash                                                                                                               (1,258)                1,025                 (2,283)           n.m.
Net increase (decrease) in cash equivalents                                                                                                        6                   (225)                    231          n.m.
n.m.: not meaningful
(1) Free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.



Cash flows from operating activities and free cash flow
In 2025, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased by $5 million,                                    compensation plans, higher severance and other costs paid and higher interest
compared to 2024, mainly due to higher cash from working capital and lower                                      paid.
income taxes paid, partly offset by settlements on derivatives used to                                          Free cash flow increased by $290 million in 2025, compared to 2024, mainly due
economically hedge equity settled share-based                                                                   to lower capital expenditures.

Capital expenditures
                                                                                                                                                2025                   2024              $ change       % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                                                       3,541                  3,746                     205         5.5%
  Capital intensity                                                                                                                           16.3%                  17.3%                                1.0 pts
  Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                                              3,153                  3,746                     593        15.8%
  Capital intensity                                                                                                                           14.8%                  17.3%                                2.5 pts
  Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                                                  388                       –                   (388)         n.m.
  Capital intensity                                                                                                                           99.0%                        –                            (99.0) pts
Bell Media                                                                                                                                       159                    151                       (8)      (5.3%)
  Capital intensity                                                                                                                             5.0%                   4.8%                              (0.2) pts
BCE                                                                                                                                            3,700                  3,897                     197         5.1%
  Capital intensity                                                                                                                           15.1%                  16.0%                                0.9 pts
n.m.: not meaningful




                                                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT           69
6 MD&A    Financial and capital management


BCE capital expenditures of $3,700 million in 2025, declined by $197 million,          • Capital expenditures of $388 million in Bell CTS U.S. in 2025, compared to nil
compared to 2024, along with a corresponding capital intensity ratio of 15.1%,           last year, as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025. Capital
down 0.9 pts over last year. The year-over-year reduction in 2025 capital                investments were focused on the continued expansion of Ziply Fiber’s FTTP
expenditures reflected the following:                                                    network in the U.S.
• Lower capital investments in Bell CTS Canada of $593 million in 2025,
  compared to 2024, consistent with the planned reduction in capital spending
  in Canada, primarily from slower FTTP footprint expansion, partly as a result
  of regulatory decisions that discourage network investment

Business acquisitions
On August 1, 2025, Bell Canada completed the acquisition of Ziply Fiber, the           objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be settled by 2027 and
leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., for cash         the maximum amount payable is $20 million.
consideration of $3.64 billion in U.S. dollars ($5.01 billion in Canadian dollars)     On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTFRONT Media
which was $3.52 billion in U.S. dollars net of cash acquired ($4.84 billion            Inc.’s Canadian OOH media business, OUTEDGE, for cash consideration of
in Canadian dollars net of cash acquired).                                             $429 million ($418 million net of cash acquired). Pursuant to a consent agreement
On July 2, 2024, Bell Canada acquired Stratejm Inc. for cash consideration of          negotiated with the Competition Bureau, in April 2025, Bell Media disposed of 669
$78 million ($73 million net of cash acquired) and additional cash consideration       advertising displays in Québec and Ontario for proceeds of $14 million.
contingent on the achievement of certain performance

Business dispositions
In the first half of 2025, Bell Media completed the sale of substantially all of the   Inc. On October 1, 2025, BCE completed the previously announced sale to a.p.i.
45 radio stations and related assets. Proceeds for the stations and other radio        ALARM Inc. for $170 million. We have received proceeds of $65 million and
related assets are expected to be $53 million. As of December 31, 2025, Bell           expect to receive $25 million in 2027 and up to $80 million will also be received in
Media had received proceeds of $44 million.                                            2027 contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives.
In Q2 2025, BCE entered into an agreement to sell substantially all of its home
security and monitored alarm assets to a.p.i. ALARM

Decrease in investments
On July 1, 2025, BCE completed the previously announced disposition of its minority stake in MLSE. We recorded gross proceeds of $4.7 billion.

Spectrum licences
On November 30, 2023, Bell Mobility secured the right to acquire 939 licences of 3800 MHz spectrum across Canada for $518 million. On January 17, 2024, Bell made
a first payment of $104 million to ISED. The remaining balance of $414 million was paid on May 29, 2024, at which time Bell acquired the 3800 MHz spectrum licences.

Debt instruments
We use a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations. Our short-term debt consists mostly of notes payable under commercial paper
programs, loans securitized by receivables and wireless device financing plan receivables, and bank facilities. We usually pay fixed rates of interest on our long-term
debt and floating rates on our short-term debt. As at December 31, 2025, all of our debt was denominated in Canadian dollars with the exception of our commercial
paper, Bell Mobility trade loans, our U.S. Series of Notes, our U.S. Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes and certain loans under unsecured term loan
agreements, which are denominated in U.S. dollars and have been hedged for foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations. Refer to section 6.5, Financial risk
management, of this MD&A for more details.
2025
During 2025, we repaid debt, net of issuances. This included:                            • the repurchase by Bell Canada, pursuant to tender offers, for an aggregate
• $10,092 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of:                                cash purchase price of $1,498 million, of an aggregate principal amount of
                                                                                           $1,831 million representing part of the outstanding principal amount of four
     • the repayment at maturity of Series M-47 MTN debentures with a total                of its series of MTN debentures. Refer to section 6.1, Net Debt, of this MD&A
       principal amount of $1,500 million                                                  for more details.
     • the repayment at maturity of Series M-49 MTN debentures with a total              • the repurchase by Bell Canada, in the open market, for a cash purchase
       principal amount of $600 million                                                    price of $6 million, of a principal amount of $7 million of its Series M-55 MTN
     • the repurchase by Bell Canada, pursuant to tender offers, for an aggregate          debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $90 million,
       cash purchase price of $633 million in U.S. dollars ($903 million in                following the tender offers described above
       Canadian dollars), of an aggregate principal amount of $844 million in U.S.       • the redemption, prior to maturity, of Series M-41 MTN debentures that had
       dollars ($1,205 million in Canadian dollars), representing part of the              an outstanding principal amount of $750 million, for an aggregate purchase
       outstanding principal amount of five of its series of U.S. notes. Refer to          price of $750 million
       section 6.1, Net debt, of this MD&A for more details.
                                                                                         • the repayment of the outstanding loan of $600 million in U.S. dollars
                                                                                           ($814 million in Canadian dollars) under the Bell Mobility trade loan
                                                                                           agreement




70        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A   Financial and capital management


  • the redemption, prior to maturity, of the outstanding principal amount of       2024
    $1,594 million in U.S. dollars ($2,192 million in Canadian dollars) of Ziply
                                                                                    During 2024, we issued debt, net of repayments. This included:
    Fiber’s Term Notes
                                                                                    • $3,834 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of:
  • the redemption, prior to maturity, of the outstanding principal amount of
    $367 million in U.S. dollars ($509 million in Canadian dollars) of Ziply           • the issuance of Series US-9 Notes with a total principal amount of
    Fiber’s Funding Notes                                                                $700 million in U.S. dollars ($942 million in Canadian dollars)
  • principal payment of lease liabilities of $1,127 million                           • the issuance of Series US-10 Notes with a total principal amount of
                                                                                         $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,009 million in Canadian dollars)
  • net payments of other debt of $193 million
Partly offset by:                                                                      • the issuance of Series M-61 MTN debentures with a total principal amount of
                                                                                         $400 million
• $7,809 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of:
                                                                                       • the issuance of Series M-63 MTN debentures with a total principal amount of
  • the issuance of Series A Notes with a total principal amount                         $1,100 million
    of $1,000 million U.S. dollars ($1,416 million in Canadian dollars)
                                                                                       • the increase of $324 million in outstanding loans under the Bell Mobility
  • the issuance of Series B Notes with a total principal amount                         uncommitted trade loan agreement
    of $1,250 million U.S. dollars ($1,771 million in Canadian dollars)
                                                                                       • the issuance of other debt of $66 million, partly offset by $7 million of
  • the issuance of Series C Notes with a total principal amount                         discounts on our debt issuances
    of $1,250 million
                                                                                    • $1,945 million issuance (net of repayments) of notes payable
  • the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-64 MTN debentures, with a total
                                                                                    Partly offset by:
    principal amount of $400 million
                                                                                    • $3,303 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of:
  • the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-65 MTN debentures, with a total
    principal amount of $500 million                                                   • the repayment of Series M-44 MTN debentures with a total principal amount
                                                                                         of $1,000 million
  • the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-66 MTN debentures, with a total
    principal amount of $600 million                                                   • the repayment of Series US-3 Notes with a total principal amount of
                                                                                         $600 million in U.S. dollars ($748 million in Canadian dollars)
  • the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-67 MTN debentures, with a total
    principal amount of $500 million                                                   • the repayment of Series 10 Notes with a total principal amount of
                                                                                         $225 million
  • an increase in outstanding loans of $487 million in U.S. dollars
    ($678 million in Canadian dollars) under the Bell Canada unsecured                 • principal payment of lease liabilities of $1,142 million
    committed term loan facility                                                       • net payments of other debt of $188 million
  • an increase in outstanding loans of $500 million in U.S. dollars
    ($697 million in Canadian dollars) under a new unsecured term loan facility
  • the issuance of $3 million of other debt
  • partly offset by $6 million of discounts on our debt issuances
• $452 million issuance (net of repayments) of notes payable

Repurchase of preferred shares
In 2025, BCE repurchased and canceled 9,848,200 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB for a total cost of $182 million.
Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased and canceled 1,169,641 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB for a total cost of $24 million.
In 2024, BCE repurchased and canceled 5,346,488 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB for a total cost of $92 million.

Cash dividends paid on common shares
In 2025, cash dividends paid on common shares of $2,026 million decreased by $1,587 million, compared to 2024, as 20,241,999 common shares were issued from
treasury under the DRP, for $633 million, and due to a lower dividend paid in 2025 of $2.87 per common share compared to $3.96 per common share in 2024.




6.4        Post-employment benefit plans
For the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded an increase in our post-          For the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded an increase in our post-
employment benefit plans and a gain, before taxes, in OCI of $859 million,          employment benefit plans and a gain, before taxes, in OCI of $796 million, due to
mainly due to an increase in the discount rate to 4.9% at December 31, 2025,        a higher-than-expected return on plan assets, and an increase in the discount rate
compared to 4.7% at December 31, 2024 and a higher-than-expected return on          to 4.7% at December 31, 2024, compared to 4.6% at December 31, 2023, partly
plan assets.                                                                        offset by an increase in the effect of the asset limit.




                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT    71
6 MD&A    Financial and capital management




6.5           Financial risk management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures and variability of results from various
financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, equity price risk and longevity risk. These risks are further described in Note 2,
Material accounting policies, Note 10, Other income (expense), Note 28, Post-employment benefit plans and Note 30, Financial and capital management in BCE’s 2025
consolidated financial statements.
The following table outlines our financial risks, how we manage these risks and their financial statement classification.
Financial risk   Description of risk                               Management of risk and financial statement classification
Credit risk      We are exposed to credit risk from operating      • Large and diverse customer base
                 activities and certain customer financing
                                                                   • Deal with institutions with investment-grade credit ratings
                 activities, the maximum exposure of which is
                 represented by the carrying amounts reported      • Regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure, and consider, among other factors, the effects of changes in interest
                 in the consolidated statements of financial         rates and inflation
                 position (statements of financial position). We
                                                                   • Our trade receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at December 31, 2025, which both include the current
                 are exposed to credit risk if counterparties to
                                                                     portion of wireless device financing plan receivables, were $4,113 million and $164 million, respectively
                 our trade and other receivables, contract
                 assets, derivative instruments and long-term      • Our non-current wireless device financing plan receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at December 31,
                 receivables, including wireless device              2025 were $399 million and $11 million, respectively
                 financing plan receivables, are unable to
                                                                   • Our contract assets balance at December 31, 2025 was $847 million, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts balance of
                 meet their obligations.
                                                                     $12 million
Liquidity risk   We are exposed to liquidity risk for              • Our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under our securitized receivables program, cash
                 financial liabilities.                              flows from operations and possible capital markets financing are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations and fulfill
                                                                     our obligations as they become due. Should our cash requirements exceed the above sources of cash, we would expect to
                                                                     cover such a shortfall by drawing on existing committed bank facilities and new debt, to the extent available
                                                                   • Refer to section 6.7, Liquidity – Contractual obligations, for a maturity analysis of our recognized financial liabilities
Foreign          We are exposed to foreign currency risk           • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options maturing from 2026 to 2028 of
currency risk    related to anticipated purchases and certain        $4.2 billion in U.S. dollars ($5.7 billion in Canadian dollars) and ₱3.3 billion in Philippine pesos ($79 million in Canadian
                 foreign currency debt.                              dollars), to manage foreign currency risk related to anticipated purchases and certain foreign currency debt
                 A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the            • For cash flow hedges relating to anticipated purchases denominated in foreign currencies, changes in the fair value of
                 value of the Canadian dollar relative to the          these derivatives are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the
                 U.S. dollar would result in a loss of                 hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements. Realized gains and
                 $22 million (loss of $15 million) recognized in       losses in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Accumulated OCI) are reclassified to the income statements
                 net earnings at December 31, 2025 and a               or to the initial cost of the related non-financial asset in the same periods as the corresponding hedged transactions are
                 gain of $146 million (loss of $126 million)           recognized.
                 recognized in OCI at December 31, 2025,
                                                                     • For cash flow hedges relating to our U.S. dollar debt under our commercial paper program and securitization of
                 with all other variables held constant.
                                                                       receivables program, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Other income (expense) in the
                 Refer to the following Fair value                     income statements and offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt, except for any portion of
                 section for details on our derivative                 the hedging relationship which is ineffective
                 financial instruments.
                                                                     • For economic hedges, changes in the fair value are recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements
                                                                   • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding cross currency interest rate swaps with notional amounts of $7,584 million in
                                                                     U.S. dollars ($10,227 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our U.S. Notes maturing from
                                                                     2030 to 2055
                                                                     • For these cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in OCI, except
                                                                       for amounts recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements to offset the foreign currency translation
                                                                       adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective
                                                                   • At December 31, 2025, we designated an unsecured term loan of $500 million in U.S. dollars ($697 million in Canadian
                                                                     dollars) to partially hedge the U.S. currency exposure related to our net investment in Ziply Fiber.
                                                                     • Foreign currency translation gains and losses related to this U.S. dollar long-term debt are recognized in OCI to partially
                                                                       offset the corresponding cumulative translation adjustment.
                                                                   • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding amortizing cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of
                                                                     $487 million in U.S. dollars ($678 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure on other debt maturing
                                                                     in 2029.
                                                                     • For these amortizing cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in
                                                                       OCI, except for amounts recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements to offset the foreign currency
                                                                       translation adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective
                                                                   • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding foreign exchange swaps with notional amounts of $372 million in U.S. dollars
                                                                     ($521 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our U.S. Notes.
                                                                     • For these foreign exchange swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in OCI, except for
                                                                       amounts recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements to offset the foreign currency translation
                                                                       adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective.




72        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A      Financial and capital management

Financial risk     Description of risk                               Management of risk and financial statement classification
Interest           We are exposed to risk on the interest rates      • We use interest rate swaps, cross currency basis rate swaps, cross currency interest rate swaps, forward starting interest
rate risk          of our debt, our post-employment benefit            rate swaps, amortizing interest rate swaps, interest rate swaptions and interest rate floors to hedge interest rate exposure
                   plans and on dividend rate resets on our            on existing and/or future debt issuances. We also use leveraged interest rate options to hedge economically the dividend
                   preferred shares.                                   rate resets on preferred shares.
                   A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates        • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $595 million to hedge the fair
                   would result in a loss of $32 million (gain of      value of our Series M-62 MTN debentures maturing in 2029
                   $26 million) recognized in net earnings at
                                                                       • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                   December 31, 2025, and a gain of $3 million
                                                                         income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                   (loss of $4 million) recognized in OCI at
                                                                         relationship
                   December 31, 2025, with all other variables
                   held constant.                                    • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $250 million to hedge the fair
                                                                       value of our series M-52 MTN debentures maturing in 2030
                   Refer to the following Fair value
                   section for details on our derivative financial     • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                   instruments.                                          income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                         relationship
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $350 million to hedge the fair
                                                                       value of our series M-57 MTN debentures maturing in 2032
                                                                       • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                                                                         income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                         relationship
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $372 million in U.S dollars
                                                                       ($531 million in Canadian dollars), maturing in 2035, to hedge the fair value of our Series B Notes maturing in 2055
                                                                       • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                                                                         income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                         relationship
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $300 million to hedge the fair
                                                                       value of our series M-66 MTN debentures maturing in 2036
                                                                       • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                                                                         income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                         relationship
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $300 million to hedge the fair
                                                                       value of our series M-65 MTN debentures maturing in 2033
                                                                       • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                                                                         income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                         relationship
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $200 million to hedge the fair
                                                                       value of our series M-45 MTN debentures maturing in 2047
                                                                       • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                                                                         income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                         relationship
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $200 million, maturing in 2028, to
                                                                       hedge the interest costs of our series M-45 MTN debentures maturing in 2047
                                                                       • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                                                                         income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                         relationship
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2028 with a notional amount
                                                                       of $125 million to hedge the fair value of our series M-59 MTN debentures maturing in 2053
                                                                       • For forward starting interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized
                                                                         in Other income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the
                                                                         hedging relationship
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2028 with a notional amount
                                                                       of $400 million to hedge the fair value of our series M-61 MTN debentures maturing in 2053
                                                                       • For forward starting interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized
                                                                         in Other income (expense) in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the
                                                                         hedging relationship
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had an outstanding amortizing interest rate swap with a notional amount of $69 million to hedge
                                                                       the interest rate exposure on other debt maturing in 2028
                                                                       • For amortizing interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of
                                                                         comprehensive income
                                                                     • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding leveraged interest rate options to hedge economically the dividend rate resets
                                                                       on $582 million of our preferred shares which had varying reset dates in 2021 for the periods ending in 2026
                                                                       • For leveraged interest rate options, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in the income
                                                                         statements in Other income (expense)
                                                                     • For our post-employment benefit plans, the interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach, which reduces
                                                                       the exposure of the DB plans to a mismatch between investment growth and obligation growth




                                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                73
6 MD&A    Financial and capital management

Financial risk     Description of risk                                     Management of risk and financial statement classification
Equity             We are exposed to risk on our cash flow                 • At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding equity forward contracts with a fair value net liability of $187 million on BCE’s
price risk         related to the settlement of equity settled               common shares to economically hedge the cash flow exposure related to the settlement of equity settled share-based
                   share-based payment plans.                                compensation plans
                   A 5% increase (decrease) in the market price               • Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in the income statements in Other income (expense)
                   of BCE’s common shares would result in a
                   gain (loss) of $16 million recognized in net
                   earnings at December 31, 2025, with all other
                   variables held constant.
                   Refer to the following Fair value section for
                   details on our derivative financial instruments.
Longevity risk We are exposed to life expectancy risk on our • The Bell Canada Pension Plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its exposure to potential increases in
               post-employment benefit plans.                  longevity, which covers approximately $3 billion of post-employment benefit obligations
                                                                              • Changes in the fair value of the longevity swap are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income




Fair value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer                             The carrying values of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade and
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the                                        other receivables, trade payables and other liabilities, interest payable, dividends
measurement date.                                                                                               payable, notes payable and loans secured by receivables approximate fair value
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the                                      as they are short-term. The carrying value of long-term receivables, including
amount and timing of future cash flows and discount rates, all of which reflect                                 wireless device financing plan receivables, approximates fair value given that their
varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred                                   average remaining duration is short and their carrying value is reduced by an
on disposition of financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a                              allowance for doubtful accounts and an allowance for revenue adjustments. The
result, the fair values may not be the net amounts that would be realized if these                              carrying values of our term loan facilities and the Bell Mobility trade loans
instruments were settled.                                                                                       approximate fair value given they bear interest at a variable rate.


The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                                                                        December 31, 2025                               December 31, 2024
                                         Classification                            Fair value methodology                       Carrying value               Fair value           Carrying value                Fair value (1)
Debt securities and other debt           Debt due within one year and              Quoted market price of debt                           31,236                  31,286                  31,247                   30,022
                                         long-term debt

(1) We have presented amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation of the current period.


The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                                                                                                     Fair value
                                                                                                                                                       Quoted prices in
                                                                                                                                                      active markets for            Observable         Non-observable
                                                                                                                              Carrying value of         identical assets            market data         market inputs
                                                 Classification                                                                 asset (liability)               (level 1)              (level 2) (1)          (level 3) (2)

December 31, 2025
Publicly-traded and                              Other non-current assets                                                                  1,198                      105                       –                   1,093
  privately-held investments (3)
Derivative financial instruments                 Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities, other                          (513)                         –                 (513)                        –
                                                    non-current assets and liabilities
Investments                                      Other non-current assets                                                                    246                          –                  246                         –
December 31, 2024
Publicly-traded and                              Other non-current assets                                                                    877                        35                      –                     842
  privately-held investments (3)
Derivative financial instruments                 Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities, other                          (368)                         –                 (368)                        –
                                                    non-current assets and liabilities
Investments                                      Other non-current assets                                                                    225                          –                  225                         –
(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows, prices of comparable investments and revenue and earnings multiples. For certain privately-held investments, changes in our valuation assumptions may
    result in a significant change in the fair value of our level 3 financial instruments.
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in OCI in the statements of comprehensive income and are reclassified from Accumulated OCI to the Deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.




74         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A    Financial and capital management




6.6          Credit ratings
Credit ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and                                  credit ratings at the time capital is raised. Investment grade credit ratings usually
pay interest on debt or dividends on issued and outstanding preferred shares.                                     mean that when we borrow money, we can obtain lower interest rates than
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity                                 companies that have ratings lower than investment grade. A ratings downgrade
and debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit market.                                    could result in adverse consequences for our funding cost and capacity, and our
Our ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available                                   ability to access the capital markets, the money market and/or bank credit market.
partly depend on our assigned

The following table provides BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings as at March 5, 2026 from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.

Key credit ratings
                                                                                                                                                                    Bell Canada (1)
March 5, 2026                                                                                                                                DBRS                         Moody’s                                      S&P
Commercial paper                                                                                                                     R-2 (middle)                              P-2                 A-2 (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       A-2 (Global scale)
Senior (unsubordinated) long-term debt                                                                                                         BBB                           Baa2                                      BBB
Subordinated long-term debt                                                                                                              BB (high)                           Baa3                                     BBB-
Junior subordinated long-term debt                                                                                                       BB (high)                           Baa3                                      BB+

                                                                                                                                                                              BCE (1)
                                                                                                                                             DBRS                         Moody’s                                      S&P
Preferred shares                                                                                                                              Pfd-3                              –         P-3 (High) (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      BB+ (Global scale)
(1) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit
    rating.


On May 8, 2025, S&P revised its outlook on BCE and Bell Canada to negative                                        outlook associated with the DBRS ratings is stable. The downgrades were
from stable principally as a result of ongoing debt leverage above S&P’s                                          principally as a result of ongoing debt leverage above DBRS’ thresholds for the
thresholds for the current ratings. However, S&P affirmed all of BCE’s and Bell                                   prior ratings. All of the new ratings on Bell Canada’s senior (unsubordinated) long-
Canada’s existing ratings.                                                                                        term debt and commercial paper remain investment grade according to DBRS’
On May 16, 2025, DBRS downgraded Bell Canada’s issuer rating to BBB from                                          rating scale with DBRS’ BBB (low) rating representing its last investment grade
BBB (high), senior (unsubordinated) long-term debt rating to BBB from BBB                                         rating rank for long-term debt and R-2 (low) rating representing its last investment
(high), subordinated long-term debt rating to BB (high) from BBB (low), junior                                    grade rating rank for short-term debt. The new BB (high) rating for Bell Canada’s
subordinated long-term debt rating to BB (high) from BBB (low) and commercial                                     subordinated long-term debt and junior subordinated long-term debt is considered
paper rating to R-2 (middle) from R-2 (high). In addition, DBRS downgraded                                        the highest rating below an investment grade rating on DBRS’ rating scale.
BCE’s issuer rating to BBB (low) from BBB. BCE’s preferred shares rating was                                      As of March 5, 2026, BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings also had a stable
confirmed at Pfd-3. Consequently, DBRS removed the credit ratings from “Under                                     outlook from Moody’s.
Review with Negative Implications”, where they were placed on November 5,
2024. The




                                                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                    75
6 MD&A       Financial and capital management




6.7            Liquidity
This section contains forward-looking statements, including statements relating to our planned capital expenditures, our expected post-employment benefit plans
funding, BCE’s common share dividend and common share dividend payout policy, and the sources of liquidity we expect to use to meet our 2026 cash requirements.
Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

Available liquidity
Total available liquidity at December 31, 2025 was $2.5 billion, comprised of                                  Securitization program
$314 million in cash, $6 million in cash equivalents, $700 million available under
                                                                                                               Our securitized receivables program is recorded as floating rate revolving loans
our securitized receivables program and $1.5 billion available under our
                                                                                                               secured by certain receivables. The securitization program includes a financing
$4.0 billion committed revolving and expansion credit facilities (given $2.5 billion
                                                                                                               cost that varies based on our performance of certain sustainability performance
of commercial paper outstanding).
                                                                                                               targets.
On July 1, 2025, BCE completed the previously announced disposition of its
                                                                                                               We continue to service trade receivables and wireless device financing plan
37.5% ownership stake in MLSE for gross proceeds of $4.7 billion. BCE directed
                                                                                                               receivables under the securitization program, which matures in June 2027 unless
the net proceeds of this disposition towards the acquisition of Ziply Fiber.
                                                                                                               terminated prior to maturity. The lenders’ interest in the collection of these
We expect that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts                                     receivables ranks ahead of our interests, which means that we are exposed to
available under our securitized receivables program, cash flows from operations                                certain risks of default on the amounts securitized.
and possible capital markets financings will permit us to meet our cash
                                                                                                               We have provided various credit enhancements in the form of overcollateralization
requirements in 2026 for capital expenditures, post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                                               and subordination of our retained interests.
funding, dividend payments, the payment of contractual obligations, maturing
debt, ongoing operations and other cash requirements.                                                          The lenders have no further claim on our other assets if customers do not pay the
                                                                                                               amounts owed.
Should our 2026 cash requirements exceed our cash, cash equivalents,
short-term investments, cash generated from our operations, and funds raised                                   As of December 31, 2025, the balance of loans secured by receivables was
under capital markets financings and our securitized receivables program, we                                   $1.2 billion in U.S. dollars ($1.6 billion in Canadian dollars) and the total
would expect to cover such a shortfall by drawing under committed credit                                       receivable balance collateralized under the program was $3.5 billion. The foreign
facilities that are currently in place or through new facilities to the extent                                 currency risk on these loans is managed using foreign currency forward contracts.
available.                                                                                                     See section 6.5, Financial risk management in this MD&A for additional details.
In 2026, our cash flows from operations, cash, cash equivalents, short-term
investments, capital markets financings, securitized receivables program and
credit facilities should give us flexibility in carrying out our plans for business
growth, including business acquisitions, as well as for the payment of
contingencies.
We continuously monitor our operations, capital markets and the Canadian
economy with the objective of maintaining adequate liquidity.


Credit facilities
The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                                                                                  Letters    Commercial paper
December 31, 2025                                                                                         Total available                  Drawn                 of credit       outstanding              Net available
Committed credit facilities
     Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1) (2)                                                    4,000                        –                       –                  2,550                 1,450
     Unsecured committed term loan facility                                                                           960                     668                        –                       –                  292
     Unsecured term loan facility                                                                                     686                     686                        –                       –                     –
     Unsecured non-revolving credit facilities                                                                        641                       55                       –                       –                  586
     Other                                                                                                            106                        –                     71                        –                    35
Total committed credit facilities                                                                                   6,393                   1,409                      71                   2,550                 2,363
Non-committed credit facilities
     Bell Canada                                                                                                    1,840                        –                    604                        –                1,236
Total non-committed credit facilities                                                                               1,840                        –                    604                        –                1,236
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                                                 8,233                   1,409                     675                   2,550                 3,599

(1) Bell Canada’s $2.7 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in December 2030 and its $1.3 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in December 2028.
(2) As of December 31, 2025, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $1,861 million in U.S. dollars ($2,550 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell Canada’s commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt
    due within one year.




76           BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A   Financial and capital management


Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper             facility (Ziply Term Facility) denominated in U.S. dollars ($5,048 million in
programs up to the maximum aggregate principal amount of $3.0 billion in either      Canadian dollars) that was available to be drawn to finance the acquisition of Ziply
Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount         Fiber. In Q1 2025 and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Commitment
of notes exceed $3.5 billion in Canadian currency.                                   Letter, Bell Canada made reductions of $965 million in U.S. dollars ($1,387 million
On September 23, 2025, Bell Canada entered into a $500 million in U.S. dollars       in Canadian dollars) in the aggregate amount of the Commitment Letter. On
($692 million in Canadian dollars) unsecured term loan agreement to finance          April 15, 2025, Bell Canada made further reductions of $225 million in U.S. dollars
certain transactions in the U.S. On September 26, 2025, $500 million in U.S.         ($314 million in Canadian dollars) in the aggregate amount of the Commitment
dollars ($697 million in Canadian dollars) was drawn under this loan agreement.      Letter. On July 2, 2025, Bell Canada terminated the Ziply Term Facility and
The term loan is repayable at maturity in September 2032. The loan agreement         canceled the remaining $2,510 million in U.S. dollars ($3,419 million in Canadian
has been designated as a net investment hedge of Bell Canada’s investment in         dollars) in the aggregate amount of the Commitment Letter as a result of the
Ziply Fiber.                                                                         completion of the previously announced disposition of its minority stake in MLSE.
On April 14, 2025, Bell Canada entered into a $700 million in U.S. dollars           Some of our credit agreements require us to meet specific financial ratios and to
($972 million in Canadian dollars) unsecured committed term loan agreement to        offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or
finance certain purchase obligations. A first loan advance in the amount of          Bell Canada. In addition, some of our debt agreements require us to make an
$228 million in U.S. dollars ($315 million in Canadian dollars) was made on          offer to repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a
April 29, 2025. On August 19, 2025, a second loan advance in the amount of           change of control event as defined in the relevant debt agreements. We are in
$148 million in U.S. dollars ($206 million in Canadian dollars) was made. On         compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such agreements.
November 4, 2025, a third loan advance in the amount of $111 million in U.S.
dollars ($157 million in Canadian dollars) was made. Subsequent to year end,         Supplier finance arrangements
on January 28, 2026, a fourth loan advance of $102 million in U.S. dollars           Supplier finance arrangements are agreements whereby a finance provider pays
($139 million in Canadian dollars) was made. The term loans are repayable in         amounts to a participating supplier in respect of invoices owed by BCE and
multiple periodic installments between July 2026 until maturity of the credit        receives the settlement from BCE at a later date. These arrangements have an
facility in April 2029. The loan advances have been hedged for foreign currency      average term of 5 years, whereas comparable trade payables would have
fluctuations.                                                                        payment terms between 30 and 60 days.
On November 1, 2024, Bell Canada entered into a commitment letter
(Commitment Letter) for a $3,700 million unsecured term loan


Cash requirements
Capital expenditures                                                                 We expect to contribute approximately $30 million to our DB pension plans in
                                                                                     2026, subject to actuarial valuations being completed. We expect to contribute
In 2026, we expect our planned capital spending to be focused on our strategic
                                                                                     approximately $5 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately
priorities as outlined at our 2025 Investor Day, reflecting a reduction in Canada
                                                                                     $60 million to beneficiaries under OPEB plans in 2026.
on capital spending attributable to slower FTTP footprint expansion, partly offset
by an increase in annual spending allocated towards strategic investments,
FTTP expansion in the U.S. and growth initiatives.
                                                                                     Common share dividend
                                                                                     On February 5, 2026, the BCE Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.4375 per
Post-employment benefit plans funding                                                common share, payable on April 15, 2026 to shareholders of record at the close of
                                                                                     business on March 16, 2026. BCE’s dividend policy, setting the common share
Our post-employment benefit plans include DB pension and DC pension plans,
                                                                                     dividend rate and the declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the
as well as other post-employment benefits (OPEBs) plans. The funding
                                                                                     BCE Board and, consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend
requirements of our post-employment benefit plans, resulting from valuations of
                                                                                     payout policy will be maintained or achieved, that the dividend on common shares
our plan assets and liabilities, depend on a number of factors, including actual
                                                                                     will be maintained, or that dividends will be declared. Dividend rates and the
returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest rates, plan
                                                                                     declaration of dividends by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s
demographics, and applicable regulations and actuarial standards. Actuarial
                                                                                     corporate strategy, operations and financial results, which are in turn subject to
valuations were last performed for our significant post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                     various assumptions and risks, including those outlined in this MD&A.
as at December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       77
6 MD&A     Financial and capital management


Contractual obligations
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2025 that are due in each of the next five years and thereafter.
At December 31, 2025                                                          2026        2027            2028           2029            2030       Thereafter          Total
Recognized financial liabilities
     Total debt, excluding lease liabilities                                  1,064      2,042           2,404          2,028           2,075         23,148          32,761
     Lease liabilities (1)                                                    1,091        693             483            396             390           2,196          5,249
     Notes payable                                                            2,566          –               –               –              –               –          2,566
     Loan secured by receivables                                              1,594          –               –               –              –               –          1,594
     Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable and loan secured by
         receivables                                                          1,675      1,533           1,470          1,363           1,272         17,258          24,571
     Net payments (receipts) on cross currency interest rate swaps and
        interest rate swaps                                                     15           (7)           (13)            (27)            74            (491)          (449)
Commitments
     Commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets      1,355      1,391             522            454             429           1,588          5,739
     Purchase obligations                                                      893         607             464            398             343             642          3,347
     Leases committed not yet commenced                                         15          22              23             24              24              64            172
Total                                                                        10,268      6,281           5,353          4,636           4,607         44,405          75,550
(1) Includes imputed interest of $940 million.


We are also exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities due within one year   Indemnifications and guarantees
as shown in the statements of financial position.
                                                                                      As a regular part of our business, we enter into agreements that provide for
Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets               indemnifications and guarantees to counterparties in transactions involving
include program and feature film rights and investments to expand and update          business dispositions, sales of assets, sales of services, purchases and
our networks to meet customer demand.                                                 development of assets, securitization agreements and leases. While some of the
Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and             agreements specify a maximum potential exposure, many do not specify a
product contracts for operating expenditures and other purchase obligations.          maximum amount or termination date.
Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include real estate, OOH                 We cannot reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount we could be
advertising spaces and fibre use. These leases are non-cancellable.                   required to pay counterparties because of the nature of almost all of these
                                                                                      indemnifications and guarantees. As a result, we cannot determine how they
                                                                                      could affect our future liquidity, capital resources or credit risk profile. We have not
                                                                                      made any significant payments under indemnifications or guarantees in the past.




6.8           Litigation
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and          merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 5, 2026,
legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In particular,           management believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal
because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to              proceedings is unlikely to have a material and negative effect on our financial
class actions pursuant to which substantial monetary damages may be claimed.          statements or operations. We believe that we have strong defences and we intend
Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot      to vigorously defend our positions.
predict the final outcome or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to       For a description of important legal proceedings pending at March 5, 2026, please
the foregoing, and based on information currently available and management’s          see the section entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2025 AIF.
assessment of the




78          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
7 MD&A   Selected annual and quarterly information



7            Selected annual and quarterly information
7.1          Annual financial information
The following table shows selected consolidated financial data of BCE for 2025, 2024 and 2023 based on the annual consolidated financial statements, which are
prepared in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). We discuss the factors that caused our
results to vary over the past two years throughout this MD&A.

                                                                                                                        2025              2024                2023
Consolidated income statements
Operating revenues
   Service                                                                                                            21,207            21,073              21,154
   Product                                                                                                             3,261             3,336               3,519
Total operating revenues                                                                                              24,468            24,409              24,673
Operating costs                                                                                                       (13,810)         (13,820)             (14,256)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                       10,658            10,589              10,417
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                  (517)             (454)               (200)
Depreciation                                                                                                           (3,861)          (3,758)              (3,745)
Amortization                                                                                                           (1,377)          (1,283)              (1,173)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                                    (1,775)          (1,713)              (1,475)
   Net return on post-employment benefit obligations                                                                     102                66                 108
Impairment of assets                                                                                                   (1,027)          (2,190)               (143)
Net gains on investments                                                                                               5,217                57                  80
Other income (expense)                                                                                                   287              (362)               (546)
Income taxes                                                                                                           (1,193)            (577)               (996)
Net earnings                                                                                                           6,514              375                2,327
Net earnings attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                                                                                 6,305              163                2,076
   Preferred shareholders                                                                                                155              181                  187
   NCI                                                                                                                    54                31                  64
Net earnings                                                                                                           6,514              375                2,327
Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted                                                                        6.79             0.18                 2.28
Ratios
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%)                                                                                             43.6%            43.4%                42.2%




                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT         79
7 MD&A     Selected annual and quarterly information

                                                                                                                                     2025      2024      2023
Consolidated statements of financial position
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                       33,541    30,001    30,352
Total assets                                                                                                                        80,165    73,485    71,940
Debt due within one year (including notes payable and loans secured by receivables)                                                  6,155     7,669     5,042
Long-term debt                                                                                                                      34,904    32,835    31,135
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                       43,999    41,279    39,276
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                             23,020    17,071    20,229
Total equity                                                                                                                        23,310    17,360    20,557
Consolidated statements of cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                 6,993     6,988     7,946
Cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                             (3,600)   (4,438)   (5,781)
     Capital expenditures                                                                                                           (3,700)   (3,897)   (4,581)
     Decrease (increase) in short-term investments                                                                                    400       600     (1,000)
     Business acquisitions                                                                                                          (4,905)     (624)     (222)
     Business dispositions                                                                                                            102          –      209
     Increase in investments                                                                                                           (83)      (34)      (55)
     Decrease in investments                                                                                                         4,684       12        10
     Spectrum licences                                                                                                                  (3)     (531)     (183)
Cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                             (4,646)   (1,750)   (1,542)
     Increase (decrease) in notes payable                                                                                             452      1,945      (646)
     Issue of long-term debt                                                                                                         7,809     3,834     5,195
     Repayment of long-term debt, excluding principal payment of lease liabilities                                                  (8,965)   (2,161)     (809)
     Principal payment of lease liabilities                                                                                         (1,127)   (1,142)   (1,049)
     Repurchase of a financial liability                                                                                                 –         –      (149)
     Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                                           (2,026)   (3,613)   (3,486)
     Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                          (151)     (187)     (182)
     Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                                                        (51)      (68)      (47)
Free cash flow                                                                                                                       3,178     2,888     3,144
Free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities                                                                                    2,051     1,746     2,095
Share information
Weighted average number of common shares (millions)                                                                                  929.1     912.3     912.2
Common shares outstanding at end of year (millions)                                                                                  932.5     912.3     912.3
Market capitalization (1)                                                                                                           30,530    30,398    47,595
Dividends declared per common share (dollars)                                                                                         2.31      3.99      3.87
Dividends declared on common shares                                                                                                 (2,150)   (3,646)   (3,530)
Dividends declared on preferred shares                                                                                                (155)     (181)     (187)
Closing market price per common share (dollars)                                                                                      32.74     33.32     52.17
Ratios
Capital intensity (%)                                                                                                               15.1%     16.0%     18.6%
Price to earnings ratio (times) (2)                                                                                                   4.82    185.11     22.88
Other data
Number of employees (thousands)                                                                                                        39        40        45

(1) BCE’s common share price at the end of the year multiplied by the number of common shares outstanding at the end of the year.
(2) Price to earnings ratio is defined as BCE’s common share price at the end of the year divided by EPS.




80         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
7 MD&A     Selected annual and quarterly information



7.2          Quarterly financial information
The following table shows selected BCE consolidated financial data by quarter for 2025 and 2024. This quarterly information is unaudited but has been prepared on the
same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements. We discuss the factors that caused our results to vary over the past eight quarters throughout this MD&A.

                                                                                           2025                                               2024
                                                                              Q4          Q3          Q2         Q1               Q4        Q3              Q2          Q1

Operating revenues
   Service                                                                 5,439       5,329       5,267       5,172        5,287        5,286            5,308       5,192
   Product                                                                   965         720         818         758        1,135          685             697         819
Total operating revenues                                                   6,404       6,049       6,085       5,930        6,422        5,971            6,005       6,011
Adjusted EBITDA                                                            2,664       2,762       2,674       2,558        2,605        2,722            2,697       2,565
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                      (147)        (82)        (41)       (247)         (154)         (49)            (22)       (229)
Depreciation                                                               (1,002)      (969)       (949)       (941)         (933)       (934)           (945)        (946)
Amortization                                                                (368)       (340)       (338)       (331)         (317)       (325)           (325)        (316)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                         (453)       (457)       (442)       (423)         (431)       (440)           (426)        (416)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                25          26          26          25               17       16              17          16
Impairment of assets                                                          (40)      (970)         (8)         (9)              (4)   (2,113)            (60)        (13)
Net gains (losses) on investments                                             52       5,175          (8)         (2)              (1)      66               (2)         (6)
Other income (expense)                                                       102         (95)        (30)        310          (102)       (129)             (99)        (32)
Income taxes                                                                (201)       (495)       (240)       (257)         (175)          (5)           (231)       (166)
Net earnings (loss)                                                          632       4,555         644         683          505        (1,191)           604         457
Net earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders                      594       4,502         579         630          461        (1,237)           537         402
Net earnings (loss) per common share – Basic and diluted                    0.64        4.84        0.63        0.68          0.51        (1.36)           0.59        0.44
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – basic (millions)    932.5       932.5       930.9       920.3        912.3        912.3            912.3       912.3
Other information
Cash flows from operating activities                                       1,561       1,914       1,947       1,571        1,877        1,842            2,137       1,132
Free cash flow                                                               225       1,003       1,152         798          874          832            1,097         85
Capital expenditures                                                       (1,317)      (891)       (763)       (729)         (963)       (954)            (978)     (1,002)


Fourth quarter highlights
Operating revenues                                                                                Q4 2025               Q4 2024            $ change                % change
Bell CTS                                                                                            5,693                 5,681                    12                 0.2%
   Bell CTS Canada                                                                                  5,461                 5,681                  (220)               (3.9%)
   Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                     232                     –                     232                 n.m.
Bell Media                                                                                           804                   832                     (28)              (3.4%)
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                            (93)                  (91)                    (2)              (2.2%)
Total BCE operating revenues                                                                        6,404                 6,422                    (18)              (0.3%)


Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                   Q4 2025               Q4 2024            $ change                % change
Bell CTS                                                                                            2,513                 2,436                    77                 3.2%
   Bell CTS Canada                                                                                  2,413                 2,436                    (23)              (0.9%)
   Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                     100                     –                     100                 n.m.
Bell Media                                                                                           151                   169                     (18)             (10.7%)
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                           2,664                 2,605                    59                 2.3%
n.m.: not meaningful




                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT           81
7 MD&A   Selected annual and quarterly information


Total operating revenues at BCE decreased by 0.3% in Q4 2025, compared to              Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA increased by 3.2% in Q4 2025, compared to Q4
the same period last year, driven by lower Bell Media operating revenues of            2024, due to the contribution from our Bell CTS U.S. segment of $100 million,
3.4%, partly offset by greater Bell CTS operating revenues of 0.2%, due to the         resulting from the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, partly offset by a
contribution from Bell CTS U.S. of $232 million as a result of the acquisition of      decline in our Bell CTS Canada segment of 0.9%. The year-over-year growth in
Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, partly offset by lower year-over-year revenues          adjusted EBITDA reflected lower operating costs of 2.0%, coupled with higher
from Bell CTS Canada of 3.9%. The year-over-year decline reflected lower               operating revenues. This resulted in Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA margin of 44.1%
product revenues of 15.0%, partly offset by greater service revenues of 2.9%.          in Q4 2025, up 1.2 pts over Q4 2024.
BCE net earnings increased by 25.1% in Q4 2025, compared to Q4 2024,                   Bell CTS Canada adjusted EBITDA declined by 0.9% in Q4 2025, compared to
mainly due to higher other income from net mark-to-market gains on derivatives         the same period in 2024, due to decreased operating revenues, mitigated in part
used to economically hedge equity settle share-based compensation plans,               by lower operating costs. The decline in operating costs of 6.1% year over year,
higher adjusted EBITDA and higher net gains on investments, partly offset by           reflected lower cost of goods sold related to the lower product revenues, along
higher depreciation and amortization expense and higher impairment of assets.          with cost reduction initiatives, mainly attributable to workforce reductions and
BCE adjusted EBITDA increased by 2.3% in Q4 2025, compared to the same                 various other cost containment initiatives across the organization, including
period last year, driven by an increase in Bell CTS of 3.2% due to the                 technology and automation-enabled operating efficiencies. This drove an adjusted
contribution from our Bell CTS U.S. segment of $100 million resulting from the         EBITDA margin of 44.2% in Q4 2025, up 1.3 pts, compared to Q4 2024, due to
acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, partly offset by a decline in our Bell   the benefit from cost reduction initiatives and operating efficiencies, as well
CTS Canada segment of 0.9%. Our Bell Media segment adjusted EBITDA                     reflected higher product margins, due to our disciplined approach to subscriber
declined by 10.7% year over year, reducing BCE’s adjusted EBITDA growth.               loadings over the holiday period.
The year-over-year increase in BCE adjusted EBITDA resulted from lower                 Bell CTS U.S. adjusted EBITDA was $100 million in Q4 2025, compared to nil in
operating costs of 2.0%, moderated by lower operating revenues. This drove an          Q4 2024, due to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025. This
adjusted EBITDA margin of 41.6% in Q4 2025, up 1.0 pts over the same period            corresponded to an adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.1% for the quarter.
last year, due to the benefit from cost reduction initiatives and operating            Bell Media operating revenues decreased by 3.4% in Q4 2025, compared to the
efficiencies, and reflected higher product margins, due to our disciplined             same period last year, driven by lower advertising revenues, partly offset by
approach to subscriber loadings over the holiday period.                               higher other and subscriber revenues. Operating revenues reflected growth from
Bell CTS operating revenues increased by 0.2% in Q4 2025, compared to the              digital revenues of 3.4% year over year. Advertising revenues declined by 11.1%
same period in 2024, due to higher service revenues of 4.0%, partly offset by          year over year in the quarter, due to continued lower demand for traditional
product revenues decline of 15.0%. This reflected the contribution from Bell CTS       advertising across all platforms and reduced audio advertising revenues
U.S. of $232 million due to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025,          attributable to the previously announced divestitures of 45 radio stations, partly
partly offset by a year-over-year decline in Bell CTS Canada of 3.9%. The              offset by higher digital video advertising revenues from growth in ad-supported
decline in Bell CTS Canada was driven by lower product revenues of 15.0% and           subscription tiers on Crave and Connected TV. Other revenues increased year
reduced service revenues of 1.1%.                                                      over year, due to greater program sales, mainly from the acquisition of Sphere
Bell CTS Canada operating revenues decreased by 3.9% in Q4 2025,                       Abacus in May 2025. Subscriber revenues increased by 1.5% in Q4 2025,
compared to Q4 2024, mainly from lower product revenues of 15.0%, primarily            compared to the same period last year, due to the growth in Crave and sports
due to decreased wireless product revenues from fewer contracted wireless              streaming revenues, primarily from higher DTC streaming subscribers, partly
device sales given greater sales mix of BYOD customer activations, moderated           offset by continued erosion in BDU subscribers.
by less discounting, along with lower wireline product revenues from reduced           Bell Media adjusted EBITDA declined by 10.7% in Q4 2025, compared to the
land mobile radio systems sales to the government sector due to timing. Q4             same period last year, driven by lower operating revenues, partly offset by
2025 service revenues decreased by 1.1% year over year, driven by ongoing              reduced operating costs. The decrease in operating costs of 1.5% reflected
declines in legacy voice, data and TV services, partly offset by higher Internet       content cost savings, along with the benefit from cost reduction initiatives relating
revenues in our consumer, wholesale and large business markets, reflecting             to workforce reductions and other operating efficiencies, as well as lower
growth in FTTP subscribers, along with the flow-through of residential rate            expenses associated with the radio station divestitures, partly offset by contractual
increases, moderated by greater residential acquisition, retention and bundle          sports broadcasting rights and programming cost increases, coupled with the
discounts. Higher revenues from our AI-powered solutions business, including           operating expenses of Sphere Abacus as a result of the acquisition in 2025.
the impact of small acquisitions made in 2025, also moderated the decline in           BCE capital expenditures of $1,317 million in Q4 2025, increased by
service revenues. Modest decline in wireless service revenues reflecting               $354 million year over year, corresponding to a capital intensity ratio of 20.6%, up
ongoing but abating competitive pressures on base rate plan pricing and higher         5.6 pts over the same period last year, due to capital investments of $260 million
discounting, as well as lower overage and outbound roaming revenues.                   in Bell CTS U.S. as a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025,
Bell CTS U.S. operating revenues were $232 million in Q4 2025, compared                with investments focused on the continued expansion of Ziply Fiber’s FTTP
with nil in the same period last year, due to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on        network in the U.S. Additionally, Bell CTS Canada capital spending increased by
August 1, 2025. The operating revenues were comprised of service revenues,             $83 million year over year, mainly due to timing of spend and higher Bell Media
mainly data revenues of $193 million and voice revenues of $41 million.                capital expenditures of $11 million due to the growth in digital video, including
                                                                                       Crave expansion and 2026 FIFA World Cup readiness.




82       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
7 MD&A   Selected annual and quarterly information


BCE severance, acquisition and other costs of $147 million in Q4 2025                BCE income taxes of $201 million in Q4 2025 increased by $26 million,
decreased by $7 million, compared to Q4 2024, mainly due to lower severance          compared to Q4 2024, mainly due to higher taxable income.
costs related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations.                    BCE net earnings attributable to common shareholders of $594 million in Q4
BCE depreciation of $1,002 million in Q4 2025 increased by $69 million, year         2025, or $0.64 per share, were higher than the $461 million, or $0.51 per share,
over year, mainly due to a higher asset base as a result of the acquisition of       reported in Q4 2024. The year-over-year increase was mainly due to higher other
Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025.                                                       income from net mark-to-market gains on derivatives used to economically hedge
BCE amortization of $368 million in Q4 2025 increased by $51 million, year           equity settle share-based compensation plans, higher adjusted EBITDA and
over year, mainly due to a higher asset base and as a result of the acquisition of   higher net gains on investments, partly offset by higher depreciation and
Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025.                                                       amortization expense and higher impairment of assets. Adjusted net earnings
                                                                                     decreased to $643 million in Q4 2025, compared to $719 million in Q4 2024, and
BCE interest expense of $453 million in Q4 2025 increased by $22 million,            adjusted EPS decreased to $0.69 from $0.79 in Q4 2024.
compared to Q4 2024, mainly due to higher average debt balances and higher
average cost of debt.                                                                BCE cash flows from operating activities was $1,561 million in Q4 2025
                                                                                     compared to $1,877 million in Q4 2024. The decrease was mainly attributed to
BCE impairment of assets of $40 million in Q4 2025 increased by $36 million,         higher income taxes paid, settlements on derivatives used to economically hedge
compared to Q4 2024, mainly due to impairment charges on various assets              equity settled share-based compensation plans and timing of supplier payments,
within our Bell CTS Canada segment.                                                  partly offset by lower interest paid.
BCE net gains on investments of $52 million in Q4 2025 increased by                  BCE free cash flow generated in Q4 2025 was $225 million, compared to
$53 million, year over year, mainly due to the sale of substantially all of our      $874 million in Q4 2024. The decrease was mainly attributable to higher capital
home security and monitored alarm assets on October 1, 2025.                         expenditures and lower cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash from
BCE other income of $102 million in Q4 2025 increased by $204 million, year          acquisition and other costs paid.
over year, mainly due to net mark-to-market gains on derivatives used to
economically hedge equity settle share-based compensation plans in 2025
compared to losses in 2024.

Seasonality considerations
Some of our revenues and expenses vary slightly by season, which may impact          Wireline service and product revenues tend to be higher in the fourth quarter
quarter-to-quarter financial results.                                                because of historically higher data and equipment product sales to business
Wireless service and product revenues are influenced by the timing of new            customers. However, this may vary from year to year depending on the strength of
mobile device launches and seasonal promotional periods, such as                     the economy and the presence of targeted sales initiatives, which can influence
back-to-school, Black Friday and the Christmas holiday period, as well as the        customer spending. Home Phone, TV and Internet subscriber activity is subject to
level of overall competitive intensity. Because of these seasonal effects,           modest seasonal fluctuations, attributable largely to residential moves during the
subscriber additions and retention costs due to device upgrades related to           summer months and the back-to-school period in the third quarter. Targeted
contract renewals are typically higher in the third and fourth quarters. For ARPU,   marketing efforts conducted during various times of the year to coincide with
historically we have experienced seasonal sequential increases in the second         special events or broad-based marketing campaigns also may have an impact on
and third quarters, due to higher levels of usage and roaming in the spring and      overall wireline service and product revenues.
summer months, followed by historical seasonal sequential declines in the fourth     Bell Media revenue and related expenses from TV and radio broadcasting are
and first quarters. However, this seasonal effect on ARPU has moderated, as          largely derived from the sale of advertising, the demand for which is affected by
unlimited and larger capacity data options and North America wide plans have         prevailing economic conditions as well as cyclical and seasonal variations.
become more prevalent, resulting in less variability in chargeable data usage.       Seasonal variations in video are driven by the strength of TV ratings, particularly
                                                                                     during the fall programming season, major sports league seasons and other
                                                                                     special sporting events such as the Olympic Games, NHL and NBA playoffs and
                                                                                     FIFA World Cup soccer, as well as fluctuations in consumer retail activity during
                                                                                     the year.




                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       83
8 MD&A   Regulatory environment



8          Regulatory environment
8.1        Canadian regulatory environment
Introduction
This section describes certain legislation that governs our Canadian business       to our wireline and wireless networks and the rates we can charge them. Notably,
and provides highlights of recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings,           it currently mandates wholesale high-speed access for wireline broadband as well
government consultations and government positions that affect us, influence our     as domestic wireless roaming services and a wholesale facilities-based MVNO
business and may continue to affect our ability to compete in the marketplace.      access service. Lower mandated wholesale rates or the imposition of
Bell Canada and several of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Bell     unfavourable terms for mandated services would undermine our incentives to
Mobility, Bell ExpressVu Limited Partnership (ExpressVu), Bell Media,               invest in network improvements and extensions, limit our flexibility, influence the
NorthernTel, Limited Partnership (NorthernTel), Télébec, Limited Partnership        market structure, improve the business position of our competitors, limit network-
(Télébec), Group Maskatel Québec LP (Maskatel) and Northwestel, are                 based differentiation of our services and negatively impact the financial
governed by the Telecommunications Act, the Broadcasting Act, the                   performance of our businesses. Our TV distribution and our TV and radio
Radiocommunication Act and/or the Bell Canada Act. Our business is affected         broadcasting businesses are subject to the Broadcasting Act and are, for the most
by regulations, policies and decisions made by various regulatory agencies,         part, not subject to retail price regulation.
including the CRTC, a quasi-judicial agency of the Government of Canada             Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies
responsible for regulating Canada’s telecommunications and broadcasting             and departments such as the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the
industries, and other federal government departments, in particular ISED and        Competition Bureau continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such
the Competition Bureau.                                                             as establishing and modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks,
In particular, the CRTC regulates the prices we can charge for retail               spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval
telecommunications services when it determines there is not enough                  of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership
competition to protect the interests of consumers. The CRTC has determined          requirements, privacy and cybersecurity obligations, and control of copyright
that competition is sufficient to grant forbearance from retail price regulation    piracy. Adverse decisions by governments or regulatory agencies, increasing
under the Telecommunications Act for the vast majority of our retail wireline and   regulation or a lack of effective anti-piracy remedies could have negative financial,
wireless telecommunications services. The CRTC can also mandate the                 operational, reputational or competitive consequences for our business.
provision of access by competitors

Telecommunications Act
The Telecommunications Act governs telecommunications in Canada. It defines         On November 27, 2024, Québecor Media Inc. asked the CRTC to review and vary
the broad objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy and provides the         its previous decision and to order Bell Mobility to reimburse them for the
Government of Canada with the power to give general direction to the CRTC on        difference between the roaming fees Québecor Media Inc. paid from October 10,
any of its policy objectives. It applies to several of the BCE group of companies   2023 to September 12, 2024, and the amount Québecor Media Inc. would have
and partnerships, including Bell Canada, Bell Mobility, NorthernTel, Télébec,       paid if the MVNO access rate had been used during this time. On January 20,
Maskatel and Northwestel.                                                           2025, Bell Mobility submitted its response opposing Québecor Media Inc.’s
Under the Telecommunications Act, all facilities-based telecommunications           request because it did not meet the CRTC’s established criteria for review. The
service providers in Canada, known as telecommunications common carriers            CRTC has not yet issued its decision on Québecor Media Inc.’s application.
(TCCs), must seek regulatory approval for all telecommunications services,          The CRTC previously accepted a request for FOA from Rogers Communications
unless the services are exempt or forborne from regulation. Most retail services    Canada Inc. and Québecor Media Inc. in respect of rates for MVNO access
offered by the BCE group of companies are forborne from retail regulation. The      service from Rogers Communications Canada Inc. On July 24, 2023, the CRTC
CRTC may exempt an entire class of carriers from regulation under the               selected the rate proposed by Québecor Media Inc., making several findings
Telecommunications Act if the exemption meets the objectives of Canada’s            downplaying the importance of incentives for investment in Canadian
telecommunications policy. In addition, a few large TCCs, including those in the    telecommunications networks. Rogers Communications Canada Inc.
BCE group, must also meet certain Canadian ownership requirements. BCE              subsequently appealed the CRTC’s decision with the Federal Court of Appeal. On
monitors and periodically reports on the level of non-Canadian ownership of its     May 28, 2025, the Federal Court of Appeal upheld the CRTC’s decision, finding no
common shares.                                                                      errors in their selection of Québecor Media Inc.’s proposed rate. While the
                                                                                    CRTC’s subsequent determination in Bell Mobility’s FOA with Québecor Media
Review of mobile wireless services                                                  Inc. appears to have moderated this approach by highlighting the importance of
In Q3 2023, we began providing MVNO access service on Bell Mobility’s               providing a return on investment to facilities-based carriers, adverse regulatory
network in certain regions. On July 13, 2023, the CRTC accepted a request from      decisions such as the Rogers Communications Canada Inc. and Québecor Media
Québecor Media Inc. to initiate Final Offer Arbitration (FOA) in respect of rates   Inc. FOA decision are expected to impact how, where and when we invest in our
for MVNO access service from Bell Mobility. On October 10, 2023, the CRTC           future wireless and wireline networks.
selected the rate proposed by Bell Mobility. On August 29, 2024, the CRTC
denied a Part 1 application from Québecor Media Inc. regarding the start date
for the MVNO access service from Bell Mobility and set September 12, 2024 as
the start date for Bell Mobility’s MVNO access service, directing the parties to
enter into an MVNO access agreement by such date. Québecor Media Inc. is
now receiving MVNO access from Bell Mobility under this agreement.




84       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
8 MD&A   Regulatory environment


CRTC examination of retail rates for international roaming                               Several parties, including CNOC, Cogeco, Eastlink, Rogers Communications
On October 7, 2024, the CRTC issued a letter to each of Bell Mobility, Rogers            Canada Inc. and TekSavvy Solutions Inc. filed Part 1 applications asking the
Communications Canada Inc. and Telus Communications Inc. (collectively, the              CRTC to review and vary several aspects of the Final Decision. On June 20,
Companies) indicating that following a review it had conducted of fees that              2025, the CRTC issued Telecom Decision CRTC 2025-154 (the R&V Decision)
Canadians pay when they travel internationally, it had certain concerns with             denying all of the review and vary applications. In a motion dated July 18, 2025,
respect to the choice available to Canadians when roaming and roaming rates.             Cogeco and Eastlink sought leave to appeal the R&V Decision to the Federal
The CRTC indicated that it expected the Companies to report back to the CRTC             Court of Appeal, which was granted on September 10, 2025.
by November 4, 2024 on the steps they are taking to respond to these concerns            CNOC, Cogeco, Eastlink, and Saskatchewan Telecommunications filed a joint
and that if it determines that sufficient action is not taken, it will launch a formal   appeal of the Final Decision to the Governor-in-Council. On August 6, 2025, the
proceeding. Each of the Companies filed their responses on November 4, 2024              Governor-in-Council announced that it had declined to alter the Final Decision. In
setting out their plans to the CRTC. On March 7, 2025, the CRTC responded                September 2025, Cogeco, Eastlink and Saskatchewan Telecommunications,
that it was “encouraged” by some of the steps taken to date, while also setting          Rogers Communications Canada Inc., and CNOC filed appeals of the R&V
its expectation for more progress on reducing roaming fees, including for                Decision to the Governor-in-Council.
pay-per-use offerings. It directed the Companies to provide further updates on           On October 25, 2024, in Telecom Order CRTC 2024-261, the CRTC updated
May 5, 2025 and again on November 5, 2025, which the Companies delivered.                interim rates for Ontario and Quebec and set interim rates for the other provinces.
On February 5, 2026, the CRTC requested supplemental information on the                  If final rates are established that are different from the interim rates, there is a risk
Companies’ roaming offerings, with a response due March 19, 2026. While the              they will be applied retroactively.
timing and outcome of any further CRTC process regarding our international
roaming rates is currently unknown and it is unclear what impact, if any, such a         The imposition of an aggregated access to FTTP facilities obligation, and, in
process could have, any action by the CRTC to regulate the rates or attributes of        particular, making Telus Communications Inc. and Rogers Communications
the international roaming offerings of wireless carriers is likely to have a             Canada Inc. eligible to resell services on Bell Canada’s FTTP network, have
negative impact on our business and financial results.                                   undermined Bell Canada’s incentives to invest in next-generation wireline
                                                                                         networks. As a direct result, Bell Canada has reduced its capital expenditures by
Review of the wholesale high-speed access service framework                              $500 million in 2025 alone and by over $1.2 billion since the Interim Decision in
                                                                                         November 2023. The financial impact of these regulatory obligations will be
On November 6, 2023, in Telecom Decision CRTC 2023-358 (the Interim
                                                                                         determined in part by whether the CRTC establishes final rates that fully
Decision), the CRTC determined that aggregated access to Bell Canada’s FTTP
                                                                                         compensate Bell Canada for the significant costs and risks Bell Canada assumes
facilities in Ontario and Québec should be mandated on a temporary and
                                                                                         in expanding and upgrading its networks.
expedited basis, and the CRTC set interim access rates.
On August 13, 2024, in Telecom Regulatory Policy CRTC 2024-180 (the Final                Implementing a retail Internet service subsidy in the Far North
Decision), the CRTC mandated that the interim obligation to provide wholesale            On January 16, 2025, the CRTC issued a decision in its proceeding to review the
aggregated access to Bell Canada’s FTTP facilities in Ontario and Québec, and            regulatory framework for Northwestel and the state of telecommunications
to Telus Communications Inc.’s FTTP facilities in Québec, would be made final.           services in Canada’s North. In this decision, the CRTC announced that it would
Further, the Final Decision expanded the geographic scope of the Interim                 introduce a new retail Internet subsidy to improve affordability in the Far North, to
Decision such that Bell Canada was required to provide wholesale aggregated              be funded by the National Contribution Fund. On January 16, 2025, the CRTC
access to its FTTP facilities in Atlantic Canada and Manitoba by February 13,            initiated a new proceeding (TNC 2025-10) to consider the implementation details
2025. Telus Communications Inc. and Saskatchewan Telecommunications were                 of that subsidy, including the amount. At this time, it is unclear what impact the
also required to provide aggregated access to their respective FTTP facilities in        CRTC’s decision in the subsidy proceeding could have on our business and
Alberta, B.C., and Saskatchewan by the same date. This obligation does not               financial results, including any potential incremental increase that BCE may have
apply to any new FTTP networks that Bell Canada, Telus Communications Inc.,              to pay to the National Contribution Fund as a result.
or Saskatchewan Telecommunications make available at retail during the five-
year period between August 13, 2024 and August 12, 2029. However, this five-             CRTC review of access to poles
year period is not a continuously rolling period. Instead, all new FTTP locations,       On February 15, 2023, the CRTC issued a decision which included a number of
regardless of when they are made available at retail, will be subject to a               determinations to facilitate access by third parties to poles owned by Canadian
wholesale aggregated access obligation as of August 12, 2029. Under the Final            carriers or poles to which Canadian carriers control access. Among other
Decision, cable companies are exempt from wholesale FTTP obligations and, as             directions, the CRTC’s decision: establishes new timelines for each step in the
such, are not required to provide wholesale access to their FTTP networks. Also,         pole access permitting process; reduces the obligations of access seekers to pay
under the Final Decision, Bell Canada, Saskatchewan Telecommunications,                  costs for any pole repairs, upgrades or replacements required to accommodate
Telus Communications Inc., Cogeco, Eastlink, Rogers Communications Canada                the addition of the access seeker’s equipment; provides access seekers with
Inc., Québecor Media Inc., and their respective affiliates are not eligible to buy       greater flexibility to carry out pole repairs and upgrades themselves; maintains the
mandated aggregated wholesale high-speed access, whether over copper,                    circumstances under which pole owners may obtain priority access to poles or
coaxial cable, or FTTP, within their traditional incumbent wireline footprints. As a     reserve capacity for their future use on poles; and imposes new notification and
result, Distributel and other Bell Canada brands were required to, and did, cease        reporting obligations on pole owners. On April 3, 2023, large ILECs, including Bell
reselling wholesale high-speed access over coaxial cable to new customers                Canada through Tariff Notices 977 and 978, updated their applicable tariffs to
after September 12, 2024.                                                                incorporate the new determinations and these tariffs were approved by the CRTC
In a motion dated September 12, 2024, Saskatchewan Telecommunications also               on January 28, 2025 through Telecom Order CRTC 2025-21.
sought leave to appeal the Final Decision to the Federal Court of Appeal.




                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT         85
8 MD&A   Regulatory environment


On October 16, 2023, Bell Canada filed Tariff Notice 981 to revise the tariff          On December 4, 2024, the CRTC issued another notice of consultation (TNC
pages for its National Services Tariff CRTC 7400 Item 901 – Support Structure          2024-318, Making it easier for consumers to shop for Internet services) as a result
Service to reflect an updated monthly pole rental rate per unit applicable in its      of recent amendments to the Telecommunications Act through Bill C-288. It
Ontario and Québec serving area, and on March 11, 2025, in Telecom Order               required the CRTC to hold public hearings, which took place from June 10, 2025
CRTC 2025-77, the CRTC made the existing pole rates interim. The CRTC                  to June 13, 2025, to discuss how Internet service providers (ISPs) should make
issued its final decision on rates on October 17, 2025, establishing a final rate of   certain information on fixed broadband services available to the public.
$1.32 per billing unit per month for attachment to our poles, an increase from the     The timing of any CRTC decision with respect to these proceedings is currently
previous $1.04 which will increase our revenues. Bell disagreed with certain           unknown and it is unclear what impact, if any, these proceedings could have on
adjustments made to its cost study and, on January 15, 2026, filed an                  our business and financial results. Any action by the CRTC to regulate the fees
application seeking a review and variance of this decision to correct these            charged by carriers, how customers switch between carriers or how ISPs must
adjustments. Should the CRTC agree with these corrections, the rate and                share information with customers is likely to have a negative impact on our
associated revenues would further increase.                                            business and financial results as a result of increased operational costs or other
Bill C-8, An Act Respecting Cyber Security                                             negative outcomes.
On June 18, 2025, the federal government introduced Bill C-8, An Act respecting        CRTC proceedings on outage reporting, consumer protections
cyber security, amending the Telecommunications Act and making                         associated with outages and network resiliency
consequential amendments to other Acts (Bill C-8). Excepting a few minor
                                                                                       On September 4, 2025, the CRTC issued a decision and two consultations that
changes, Bill C-8 mirrors the language of Bill C-26, An Act Respecting Cyber
                                                                                       could materially impact Bell Canada’s operational and compliance costs. Telecom
Security, which died on the Order Paper with the call of the 2025 Federal
                                                                                       Decision CRTC 2025-225 introduces mandatory outage reporting for
election. Bill C-8 would enact the Critical Cyber Systems Protection Act, which
                                                                                       telecommunications service providers, including new reporting thresholds tied to
would establish a regulatory framework requiring designated operators in the
                                                                                       user-minutes which would significantly increase the amount of reporting by
finance, telecommunications, energy and transportation sectors to protect their
                                                                                       providers which had previously been set for outages that impact 100,000 users or
critical cyber systems. Bill C-8 also includes proposed changes to the
                                                                                       more. The CRTC agreed to a request from a large group of providers to suspend
Telecommunications Act that would establish new authorities that would enable
                                                                                       the application of the new reporting thresholds pending its consideration of an
the federal government to take action to promote the security of the Canadian
                                                                                       application from that group seeking changes to the notification regime. While
telecommunications system, which could include measures with respect to high-
                                                                                       implementation is suspended pending review, Bell Canada anticipates
risk suppliers, such as Huawei and ZTE. If enacted, Bill C-8 would give the
                                                                                       incremental compliance costs for enhanced monitoring and reporting systems, as
federal cabinet and the ISED Minister additional order-making powers and
                                                                                       well as potential adverse publicity with respect to outages.
establish greater supply chain scrutiny, incidence reporting and response,
annual reviews and an enforcement regime under which the Minister                      The CRTC also opened a consultation (Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC
responsible for ISED could impose administrative monetary penalties, among             2025-226) on network resiliency standards. The consultation seeks input on
other actions. It is unclear at this time what impact the legislative changes could    measures intended to harden infrastructure, improve outage response, and
have on our business and financial results. Bill C-8 has passed the second             enhance reliability across Canada’s telecommunications networks. Prescriptive
reading stage in the House of Commons and has been referred to the Standing            requirements could drive additional capital expenditures to comply with regulatory
Committee on Public Safety and National Security for study.                            mandates, particularly in rural and remote markets where construction is
                                                                                       particularly cost-intensive.
CRTC proceedings resulting from recent amendments to the                               The CRTC also seeks input on consumer protections during outages (Telecom
Telecommunications Act                                                                 and Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2025-227), including potential
On November 22, 2024, the CRTC launched three public consultations to                  compensation and/or notification frameworks. Depending on the outcome, Bell
consider enhanced measures under the Wireless and Internet Codes to give               Canada may face new obligations for customer credits and communication
Canadians more flexibility to choose their mobile and Internet plans: Telecom          protocols, which could increase operating expenses and require system changes,
Notice of Consultation CRTC 2024-293, Call for Comments – Making it easier to          further increasing compliance costs and regulatory burden.
choose a wireless phone or Internet service – Enhancing customer notification;
Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC 2024-294, Call for comments – Making it            Canada’s telecommunications foreign ownership rules
easier to choose a wireless phone or Internet service – Removing barriers to           Under the Telecommunications Act, there are no foreign investment restrictions
switching plans; and Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC 2024-295, Call for            applicable to TCCs that have less than a 10% share of the total Canadian
comments – Making it easier to choose a wireless phone or Internet service –           telecommunications market as measured by annual revenues. However, foreign
Enhancing self-service mechanisms.                                                     investment in telecommunications companies can still be refused by the
The consultations follow the passing of Bill C-69, An Act to implement certain         government under the Investment Canada Act. The absence of foreign ownership
provisions of the budget tabled in Parliament on April 16, 2024 (Bill C-69), which     restrictions on such small or new entrant TCCs could result in more foreign
received royal assent on June 20, 2024. Bill C-69 includes amendments to the           companies entering the Canadian market, including by acquiring spectrum
Telecommunications Act directing the CRTC to implement certain specific                licences or Canadian TCCs.
measures related to the arrangements between telecommunications providers
and their customers, including prohibiting charging certain extra fees to switch
carriers or modify service arrangements. The amendments require the CRTC to
specify the type of fees to which the amendments will apply and the rules
around how the amendments will be implemented.




86       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
8 MD&A   Regulatory environment


Broadcasting Act
The Broadcasting Act outlines the broad objectives of Canada’s broadcasting         initiated a consultation on ensuring a sustainable broadcasting system (see
policy and assigns the regulation and supervision of the broadcasting system to     Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2025-2 below). As a last step, the
the CRTC. Key policy objectives of the Broadcasting Act are to protect and          CRTC intends to finalize each undertaking’s or ownership group’s contribution
strengthen the cultural, political, social and economic fabric of Canada and        requirements, presumably as part of our group licence renewal. The timing and
to encourage the development of Canadian expression.                                outcome of all of these proceedings is unknown. Therefore, the impact that these
Most broadcasting activities require a programming or distribution licence from     regulatory changes could have on our business and financial results is unclear at
the CRTC. The CRTC may exempt broadcasting undertakings from complying              this time.
with certain licensing and regulatory requirements if it is satisfied that          Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2024-288
non-compliance will not materially affect the implementation of Canadian
broadcasting policy. A corporation must also meet certain Canadian ownership        On November 15, 2024, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation
and control requirements to obtain a programming or distribution licence, and       CRTC 2024-288, The Path Forward – Defining “Canadian Program” and
corporations must have the CRTC’s approval before they can transfer effective       supporting the creation and distribution of Canadian programming in the audio-
control of a broadcasting licensee.                                                 visual sector. This consultation will modernize the definition of Canadian content
                                                                                    and will also explore the types of expenditures that traditional broadcasting
Our TV distribution operations and our TV and radio broadcasting operations are     undertakings and online undertakings should make towards this content. On
subject to the requirements of the Broadcasting Act, the policies and decisions     November 18, 2025, the CRTC announced a revised definition of Canadian
of the CRTC and their respective broadcasting licences. Any changes in the          content, raising the required number of creative positions to be held by Canadians
Broadcasting Act, amendments to regulations or the adoption of new ones, or         and implementing a graduated threshold for Canadian copyright ownership.
amendments to licences, could negatively affect our competitive position or the     In-house productions by Canadian broadcasters continue to qualify as Canadian
cost of providing services.                                                         content and remain exempt from the CRTC’s formal certification process. In
Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2023-138                                   addition, the CRTC determined that foreign streaming services must publicly
                                                                                    release their Canadian broadcasting revenues and spending on Canadian
On May 12, 2023, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC           content, which Canadian broadcasters currently do. A number of parties have
2023-138, The Path Forward – Working towards a modernized regulatory                sought leave to appeal the CRTC’s decision. The Canadian Media Producers
framework regarding the contributions to support Canadian and Indigenous            Association has challenged the CRTC’s finding that Canadians only need to hold
content. This Notice represents the first step to developing an updated             20% copyright ownership in a production for it to qualify as Canadian content. In
regulatory framework for broadcasting undertakings, including online                addition, the Motion Picture Association-Canada (which represents Netflix
undertakings which were brought into the Broadcasting Act through Bill C-11, the    Studios, LLC, Paramount Pictures Corporation, Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc.,
Online Streaming Act. A key part of this new framework is to establish the          Universal City Studios LLC, Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, and Warner
conditions under which online services would be required to make financial          Bros. Entertainment Inc.) and Apple Canada have challenged the requirement to
contributions, including initial base contributions, to support the creation and    release their financial information without confidentiality protections. Finally, a
discoverability of Canadian and Indigenous content. It will also determine who      second CRTC decision is expected relating to the expenditures that Canadian
the recipients of the initial base contributions will be. On June 4, 2024, the      broadcasting undertakings and online undertakings should make towards
CRTC released its decision, requiring foreign streamers to contribute 5% of their   Canadian content. The outcome and timing of these proceedings is unknown.
Canadian broadcasting revenue to various funds set out by the CRTC as of            Therefore, the impact that these regulatory changes could have on our business
September 2024. However, Canadian streamers affiliated with a licensed              and financial results is unclear at this time.
broadcaster (for example, Bell Media’s linear Crave service available through
cable companies) have been exempted from this requirement until the CRTC            Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2025-2
reviews the existing regulatory obligations of traditional media properties.        On January 9, 2025, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC
Foreign streamers, specifically Amazon. com.ca ULC, Apple Canada Inc., the          2025-2, The Path Forward – Working towards a sustainable Canadian
Motion Picture Association-Canada (which represents Netflix Studios, LLC,           broadcasting system. This consultation will examine the market dynamics
Paramount Pictures Corporation, Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc., Universal         between programming undertakings, broadcasting distribution undertakings and
City Studios LLC, Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, and Warner Bros.             online undertakings with a view to ensuring that the industry is able to meet the
Entertainment Inc.) and Spotify AB, have each sought leave to appeal and/or         policy objectives set out in the Broadcasting Act. This proceeding will also look at
judicial review of the CRTC’s decision. Each company has challenged various         all the regulatory tools that both programming undertakings (like Bell Media) and
different aspects of the decision, including, in some cases, the reasonableness     broadcasting distribution undertakings (like Bell TV) use in negotiations with other
of the CRTC exempting Canadian streamers affiliated with licensed                   licensees for the carriage and distribution of programming services. The CRTC
broadcasters but not exempting foreign streamers. The CRTC has launched             held a three-week hearing that began on June 18, 2025 to focus on these issues.
additional consultations, including on how to support the creation of Canadian      The outcome and timing of this decision is unknown. Therefore, the impact that
and Indigenous content (both audio-visual and audio), as well as diversity,         any regulatory changes could have on our business and financial results is
inclusion and discoverability issues (see Broadcasting Notice of Consultation       unclear at this time.
CRTC 2024-288 and Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2025-52
below). In addition, the CRTC has




                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       87
8 MD&A   Regulatory environment


Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2025-52                                          that it would issue a new notice of consultation addressing the procedural
On February 20, 2025, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation                 requests.
CRTC 2025-52, The Path Forward – Supporting Canadian and Indigenous audio                 The timing of any CRTC decision with respect to this proceeding is currently
content. This consultation seeks to update the definition of what constitutes a           unknown and it is unclear what impact, if any, this proceeding could have on our
Canadian musical selection, i.e., the Music, Artist, Performance, Lyrics system,          business and financial results. Any action by the CRTC to require telecom service
and to provide a definition of French-language vocal music. In addition, the              providers to implement new workflows within their complaint-resolution processes
CRTC intends to explore how radio stations and audio streaming services can               is likely to have a negative impact on our business and financial results as a result
support the airplay of emerging artists as well as Indigenous artists, both               of increased operational costs or other negative outcomes.
potentially through exhibition and expenditure requirements. The CRTC held a
hearing that began on September 18, 2025 to focus on these issues. The                    CRTC examination of Bell’s device unlocking practices
outcome and timing of this decision is unknown. Therefore, the impact that these          On April 22, 2025, Bell advised the CRTC of a safety initiative launching that
regulatory changes could have on our business and financial results is unclear            month to address rapidly increasing wireless device theft and fraud, under which
at this time.                                                                             new wireless devices would unlock automatically after 60 days, with no-cost early
                                                                                          unlocking available upon request. On May 9, 2025, CRTC staff sought information
Broadcasting  and                 Telecom        Notice       of     Consultation         from Bell on how its approach would remain compliant with the Wireless Code of
CRTC 2025-274                                                                             Conduct (the Wireless Code), and Bell responded on May 16, 2025 outlining its
On October 17, 2025, the CRTC issued Broadcasting and Telecom Notice of                   approach and proposing paths to address any residual issues.
Consultation CRTC 2025-274, Improving customer awareness of the CCTS.                     On November 28, 2025, the CRTC issued a letter suggesting Bell’s practice was
This consultation seeks comments on measures to improve customer                          inconsistent with the Wireless Code, directing Bell to cease selling locked devices
awareness of the CCTS. The CRTC’s preliminary view is to amend the Internet               and unlock impacted devices, while notifying any affected customers once it had
Code, Wireless Code and Television Service Provider Code (the Consumer                    done so. On December 22, 2025, Bell filed its response asking the CRTC to
Protection Codes) to standardize how and when customers are advised about                 rescind the November letter or otherwise clarify it is not a binding CRTC decision.
their right to take unresolved complaints to the CCTS. The Notice of                      In the alternative, if the letter were to be treated by the CRTC as a decision, Bell
Consultation set out a deadline for initial submissions of November 17, 2025. A           applied to review and vary it, citing substantial doubt as to the decision’s
large group of service providers, including Bell Canada, Rogers                           correctness on factual, legal, and procedural grounds. In each case, Bell
Communications Canada Inc., Telus Communications Inc., Cogeco, Québecor                   requested a stay pending disposition of the matter.
Media Inc., Bragg Communications Inc. carrying on business as Eastlink,                   The timing of any final CRTC resolution of this matter is currently unknown. Any
Saskatchewan Telecommunications, and Xplore Inc., have jointly written to the             action by the CRTC that requires Bell to undo its current device unlocking practice
CRTC expressing concern regarding the Notice of Consultation – including that             is likely to negatively impact our business and financial results, including through
the measures supported in the CRTC’s preliminary view cannot practically be               increased costs related to fraud and other criminal activity or other adverse
implemented – and asked the CRTC to suspend the current timelines and                     outcomes.
establish a different process for considering the relevant issues. On
November 12, 2025, the CRTC temporarily suspended all deadlines in the
proceeding until further notice, commenting

Radiocommunication Act
ISED regulates the use of radio spectrum under the Radiocommunication Act                 On March 6, 2025, ISED initiated a consultation as an addendum to the 2022
and Radiocommunication Regulations to ensure that radiocommunication in                   Consultation on a Policy and Licensing Framework for Spectrum in the 26, 28 and
Canada is developed and operated efficiently. All companies wishing to operate            38 GHz Bands (2022 Millimetre Wave Licensing Consultation), seeking input
radio apparatus in Canada must hold a radio licence or spectrum licence to do             regarding the repurposing of the lower 26 GHz spectrum band (formerly referred
so. The Radiocommunication Regulations specify those persons (including                   to as the 24 GHz spectrum band) for flexible use for fixed and mobile services and
corporations such as Bell Canada and Bell Mobility) who are eligible to be                its inclusion in the 2022 Millimetre Wave Licensing Consultation. ISED proposes
issued radio licences or spectrum licences.                                               that 850 MHz of spectrum in the combined 26 GHz spectrum band be allocated
                                                                                          for a non-competitive local licensing process and 2.4 GHz of the combined 26
Consultation on 26, 28 and 38 GHz (Millimeter Wave) spectrum                              GHz spectrum band be available for the auction process described in the 2022
licensing framework                                                                       Millimetre Wave Licensing Framework. The consultation paper also seeks
On June 6, 2022, ISED initiated a consultation seeking input regarding a policy           comments on the use of a spectrum cap. ISED has not yet indicated a specific
and licensing framework to govern the auction and use of spectrum licences in             date when the auction will take place. It is unclear what impact the results of this
the 26, 28 and 38 Gigahertz (GHz) (Millimeter Wave) spectrum bands. The                   consultation and future-related processes could have on our business and
consultation paper seeks comments on the use of a spectrum set-aside for                  financial results.
certain auction bidders, or a spectrum cap across the 26, 28 and 38 GHz                   On March 6, 2025, ISED released an Addendum to the Non-Competitive Local
spectrum bands. ISED proposes that the auctioned licences will have a 10-year             Licensing Framework to include Spectrum in the 27.5-28.35 GHz Band which
term and that there will be limits on the extent of transferability of licences for the   states that ISED will make available 850 MHz of spectrum in the 28 GHz
first five years of the licence term. In addition, ISED proposes that licensees will      spectrum band for flexible use operations through a non-competitive local
be required to deploy a certain number of sites in each licence area at five and          licensing process. Of the 850 MHz of spectrum available, 450 MHz of spectrum
nine and a half years following licence issuance. The consultation paper also             will be reserved for use by small operators, including small commercial mobile
seeks comments on the transition process for existing 38 GHz licensees from               service providers, non-traditional users and wireless Internet service providers.
fixed to flexible use (i.e., mobile or fixed use), as well as the limitations on the
use of 38 GHz spectrum by satellite earth stations.




88       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
8 MD&A   Regulatory environment


Bell Canada Act
Among other things, the Bell Canada Act limits how Bell Canada voting shares             of the issued and outstanding voting shares of Bell Canada. Except in the ordinary
and Bell Canada facilities may be sold or transferred. Specifically, under the Bell      course of business, the sale or other disposal of facilities integral to Bell Canada’s
Canada Act, the CRTC must approve any sale or other disposal of Bell Canada              telecommunications activities must also receive CRTC approval.
voting shares that are held by BCE, unless the sale or disposal would result in
BCE retaining at least 80% of all

Other
Bill C-18, the Online News Act                                                           Bill C-2, the Strong Borders Act
On June 22, 2023, Bill C-18, An Act respecting online communications platforms           On June 3, 2025, the federal government introduced Bill C-2, An Act respecting
that make news content available to persons in Canada (the Online News Act),             certain measures relating to the security of the border between Canada and the
received royal assent. The Online News Act requires digital news intermediaries,         United States and respecting other related security measures (the Strong Borders
such as Google, that share news content produced by other news outlets to                Act), in response to calls from the U.S. administration for enhanced security along
negotiate commercial arrangements with those news outlets, compensating                  the U.S.-Canada border. Bill C-2 proposes the creation of a new Supporting
them for the news content shared on digital platforms. The legislation entitles          Authorized Access to Information Act, as well as amendments to the Criminal
Bell Media’s general news services, such as CTV and Noovo, to compensation.              Code and Canadian Security Intelligence Service Act, which would grant law
Further details regarding the compensation framework have been set out in                enforcement and other government bodies broader authority to demand
regulations that were released on December 15, 2023 (the Regulations). The               information – including a wider range of subscriber data – from service providers
Regulations clarify that the Online News Act applies to search engines and               such as Bell Canada. In urgent situations, these demands could be made without
social media sites that provide access to news content in Canada, provided               a warrant. Additionally, Bill C-2 would require service providers to proactively
these platforms earn at least $1 billion in annual global revenue and reach at           develop, test, and maintain systems that enable the extraction and provision of
least 20 million Canadians on a monthly basis. However, the Regulations also             information to law enforcement. Service providers would be obligated to facilitate
allow Google to apply to be exempt from parts of the Online News Act if it               access, support system testing, and comply with inspections/audits, significantly
commits to pay $100 million annually (growing each year by inflation) to a               expanding our obligations beyond simply responding to requests. The legislation
collective (the Collective) which will then distribute it to eligible news outlets. On   establishes a general framework for compensating service providers but leaves
June 7, 2024, Google submitted an application for exemption to the CRTC and              key details to future regulations and indicates compensation for Ministerial orders
on October 28, 2024, the CRTC approved a five-year exemption for Google,                 is discretionary. The expanded scope of lawful access requests will require us to
which required Google to provide payment to the Collective by December 27,               increase staffing and incur new costs to meet the information demands. The
2024 for calendar year 2024. Pursuant to the Regulations, of the $100 million to         legislation also includes fines and administrative monetary penalties for
be paid by Google, news outlets that are also private broadcasters, such as CTV          non-compliance. At this time, it is unclear how these legislative changes might
and Noovo, cannot receive more than 30% of the overall compensation                      affect our business operations and financial results.
available (with other news outlets, such as those associated with newspapers             On October 8, 2025, the federal government tabled the Strengthening Canada’s
and public broadcasters, receiving the rest). For 2024, Bell Media received a            Immigration System and Borders Act (Bill C-12) as a streamlined version of Bill
total payment of $8,162,577. Bell Media’s application for compensation for 2025          C-2 that focuses on border and immigration controls and omits the lawful access
is currently being assessed by the Collective; payment is expected by the end of         provisions that had raised opposition and civil liberties concerns. While it has not
the first quarter of 2026. Finally, on December 12, 2024, the CRTC established           been formally withdrawn, the status of Bill C-2 is now unclear.
the mandatory bargaining process which would apply between news outlets and
digital news intermediaries that are captured by the Online News Act. This
framework was necessary for the CRTC to put into place in order to administer
the Online News Act. However, while Google retains its exemption, the
mandatory bargaining process is not expected to be utilized.




8.2        U.S. regulatory environment
Introduction
Certain services offered by Ziply Fiber in the U.S. are subject to extensive             regulation, while municipalities and other local governmental bodies regulate
federal, state and local regulation, including oversight by the FCC, state public        access to public rights-of-way and may require franchises, licenses, permits, and
utility commissions, municipalities and other governmental authorities, which            compliance with local construction codes. The cumulative effect of these regimes,
collectively influence the rates, terms, deployment, interconnection,                    and any changes thereto, may increase compliance costs, constrain operational
certifications, and operational conditions applicable to our U.S. operations. As         flexibility and rate adjustments, affect subsidy funding, and materially influence the
both an ILEC and a CLEC, we operate under regulatory frameworks that include             competitive dynamics in Ziply Fiber’s markets.
carrier-of-last-resort obligations in certain states, service quality and reporting
standards, and, price-cap




                                                                                                                                BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        89
8 MD&A   Regulatory environment


U.S. regulatory developments and risks
The following highlights U.S. legal, regulatory and policy developments that           payments, true-up limits, contractor approval and onboarding, and standardized
affect, or could affect, Ziply Fiber’s business, financial condition and results of    dispute-resolution tracks. Even with these measures, practical barriers – such as
operations.                                                                            limited availability of qualified crews, sequential workflow requirements across
                                                                                       multiple pole owners, and disagreements over cost responsibility for pole
Federal and state subsidies; universal service programs;                               replacements or mid-span clearance work – can still materially delay projects and
affordability programs                                                                 increase costs.
Ziply Fiber participates in U.S. federal and state subsidies targeted at high-cost,    We also operate under a patchwork of state and local regimes that can diverge
rural network deployment including legacy high-cost support, the Connect               from federal pole-attachment rules, including jurisdictions with distinct “one-touch
America Fund Phase II (CAF II) as well as its contemporary program, the Rural          make-ready” procedures, separate safety or vegetation-management standards,
Digital Opportunity Fund (RDOF). These awards require satisfaction of buildout         or different approaches to allocating costs for pole replacements versus routine
milestones, service obligations and reporting requirements; failure to comply          make-ready. In addition, large-scale public funding programs for broadband may
may lead to penalties, forfeitures or disqualification from future programs. In        strain pole-owner resources and permitting offices, potentially lengthening review
addition, Ziply Fiber participates in U.S. federal and in multiple state low-income    cycles. We continue to use the FCC’s and state commissions’ complaint and
subsidy programs. Ongoing legal challenges to aspects of these universal               mediation processes, where appropriate, while prioritizing negotiated joint-use
service programs and potential policy changes could adversely affect both the          and attachment agreements to support timely, efficient deployment.
availability of support and our ability to recover contributions. Further, the
termination or material modification of federal affordability initiatives may affect   Foreign ownership and national security commitments
demand dynamics, uptake by income-constrained customers, and associated                Under FCC rules and associated executive branch policies associated with FCC
reimbursements to participating providers.                                             authorizations held by Ziply Fiber, non-U.S. ownership of Ziply Fiber triggered
                                                                                       certain special filing requirements, together with review of the transaction by the
ILEC/CLEC obligations; state service quality and price                                 Committee for the Assessment of Foreign Participation in the United States
regulation                                                                             Telecommunications Services Sector. To conclude that process, Ziply Fiber, BCE
As an ILEC in several states, Ziply Fiber remains subject to service obligations,      Holding Corporation, and BCE entered into a Letter of Agreement (LOA) with the
including carrier-of-last-resort requirements, and to various service quality          Committee for the Assessment of Foreign Participation in the United States
standards and reporting, with potential penalties or other enforcement actions         Telecommunications Services Sector, the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S.
for non-compliance. We are subject to price cap or alternative rate plans for          Department of Homeland Security (commonly known as Team Telecom) under
specific services, and program expirations may require renegotiation that could        which they made certain commitments intended to ensure that the transaction
affect rates, infrastructure investment commitments, and operating performance.        would be consistent with U.S. national security, law enforcement, and similar
We continue to advocate for no or reduced regulation with the regulatory               interests. As is standard with such agreements involving foreign-owned U.S.
agencies in those states. Our CLEC operations are also subject to state                carriers, the FCC made compliance with the LOA a condition of Ziply Fiber’s FCC
certification, limited rate regulation and interconnection frameworks that govern      authorizations. FCC rules also require Ziply Fiber to seek further approvals if any
how we interface with other carriers and access critical network elements.             previously unapproved non-U.S. investor obtains, or seeks to obtain, direct or
                                                                                       indirect interests in Ziply Fiber that exceed certain thresholds. If any new Ziply
Rights-of-way, franchises and local permitting                                         Fiber foreign ownership were to exceed such levels without further FCC
Our network deployment and operations depend on access to public                       authorization and/or if Ziply Fiber, BCE Holding Corporation, or BCE were to fail to
rights-of-way, poles and conduits. Further, we are required to obtain local            meet their obligations under the LOA, the FCC could subject Ziply Fiber to a
franchises/licenses, permits, and related approvals. Local authorities may             range of monetary and other penalties, which could (in extreme cases) include
attempt to revise, condition, or terminate existing rights or impose new fees,         license revocation proceedings. Any such penalties could have a material adverse
buildout or customer service obligations, which could materially increase costs        effect on Ziply Fiber’s business, financial condition and results of operations and
or delay deployment. Judicial and FCC precedent concerning local rights-of-way         consequently, adversely affect our financial performance.
fees remains unsettled, and future developments could increase our obligations
or encourage additional competitive entry.                                             Broadband classification and “net neutrality”
                                                                                       The regulatory status of broadband internet access service (BIAS) remains a
Pole attachments and access to utility infrastructure                                  source of uncertainty and risk for ISPs, with significant implications for network
Timely and cost-effective attachment to third-party poles and access to conduits       management flexibility, compliance burdens, and potential state-federal conflicts.
remain critical inputs to our fibre deployment programs. However, we continue to       While the FCC has, at times, treated BIAS as an unregulated information service
face risks associated with extended make-ready intervals, fielding requirements,       with limited federal disclosure obligations, recent federal actions and court
engineering disputes, and allocation of replacement costs, all of which can            decisions have vacillated, and some states have adopted or considered state-
increase capital intensity and elongate build schedules. These risks can be more       level net neutrality or broadband affordability mandates, contributing to a
acute where municipalities, public utility districts, or electric cooperatives own     patchwork of rules. In January 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth
poles that are not subject to uniform federal timelines or where local processes       Circuit invalidated an FCC order that reclassified broadband as a Title II
impose additional inspections, traffic management plans, or seasonal                   telecommunications service and imposed associated “net neutrality” rules. The
construction moratoria.                                                                proliferation of state-level broadband regulations could increase compliance costs
At the federal level, the FCC has adopted timelines and other procedural               and operational complexity for ISPs operating across multiple jurisdictions.
safeguards to accelerate access for large applications for certain applicants and
has completed rulemakings aimed at streamlining attachments, including
proposals relating to upfront make-ready




90       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A   Business risks



9          Business risks
A risk is the possibility that an event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition,
liquidity, financial results or reputation. The actual effect of any event could be materially different from what we currently anticipate.
The risks described in this MD&A are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to
us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity,
financial results or reputation.
This section describes the principal business risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
liquidity, financial results or reputation, and cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or
implied by, our forward-looking statements. Certain of these principal business risks have already been discussed in other sections of
this MD&A, and we refer the reader to those sections for a discussion of such risks. All of the risk discussions set out in the sections
referred to in the table below, as well as the risk discussion relating to general economic conditions and geopolitical events set out in
Section 3.3, Principal business risks, are incorporated by reference in this section 9.

 Risks discussed in other sections of this MD&A                                                Section references
  Competitive environment                                                                      Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                                                               Section 5, Business segment analysis (Competitive landscape and industry trends
                                                                                               section for each segment)
  Regulatory environment and compliance                                                        Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                                                               Section 8, Regulatory environment
  Security management and data governance                                                      Section 3.3, Principal business risks
  Risks specifically relating to our Bell CTS Canada, Bell CTS U.S. and Bell Media segments    Section 5, Business segment analysis (Principal business risks section for each segment)


The other principal business risks that could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation are
discussed below.

Customer experience


Driving a positive customer experience in all aspects of our                                  global economic environment may bring about further workforce reduction
engagement with customers is important to avoid brand                                         initiatives or limit investments, which could negatively impact the rapidity of our
degradation and other adverse impacts on our business and                                     response to customer demands and the overall customer experience.
financial performance                                                                         With the proliferation of connectivity services, apps, and devices, customers are
                                                                                              accustomed to doing things when, how, and where they want through websites,
We aim to create best-in-class experiences across all channels to meet                        self-serve options, web chat, call centres, and social media forums. These
stakeholder expectations. This involves maintaining an omni-channel presence                  customer demands have intensified over the years, with the resulting shift to
to provide necessary platforms for customers to research, interact, and                       online transactions and expectation of seamless digital self-service. We seek to
purchase, while leveraging AI tools in all facets of our operations. As the bar               provide the necessary platforms for customers to research, interact, purchase,
continues to be raised by customers’ evolving expectations of service and value,              and receive service, and to continuously improve our call centre experience and
failure to get ahead of such expectations and build a more robust and consistent              self-serve tools to improve customer service and drive household penetration.
service experience at a fair value proposition could hinder product and service               Customers’ journey is increasingly completed on mobile devices, requiring
differentiation and customer loyalty. The foundation of effective customer service            alignment of websites, customer support platforms, and marketing. Understanding
is the ability to deliver high-quality, consistent, and simple solutions in an                the customer relationship as a whole in a multi-product environment and
expeditious manner and on mutually agreeable terms. Although we seek to                       delivering a simple, seamless experience at a fair price is increasingly central to
reduce complexity in our operations through our transformation initiatives, we                an evolving competitive dynamic. As part of our strategy to enhance service
operate with multiple technology platforms, ordering and billing systems, sales               delivery and operational efficiency, we have increased our strategic partnerships
channels, marketing databases, and a myriad of rate plans, promotions, brands,                with leading technology providers and have become increasingly reliant on cloud-
and product offerings, in the context of a large customer base and a hybrid and               based solutions and platforms. While these partnerships enable us to offer
remote workforce that continuously requires training, monitoring, and                         innovative services and improve scalability, they also create dependencies on
replacement. This may limit our ability to respond quickly to market changes and              third-party infrastructure and systems. Service outages or disruptions experienced
reduce costs, and may lead to customer confusion or billing, service, or other                by our technology partners, such as Google, Amazon, ServiceNow, or other cloud
errors, which could adversely affect customer satisfaction, acquisition, and                  service providers, could adversely impact our ability to serve customers, process
retention. Media attention to customer complaints could also erode our brand                  transactions,
and reputation and adversely affect customer acquisition and retention. In
addition, the current




                                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT              91
9 MD&A   Business risks


and maintain seamless operations, potentially              leading   to   customer     While AI, including the use of customer-facing chatbots, could provide for better,
dissatisfaction, revenue loss, and reputational harm.                                  cost-effective, and convenient customer experiences, we must carefully assess
We constantly seek to innovate in the ways we engage with customers and                the challenges associated with the use of such technology by us, such as the
deliver service and support in an omni-channel, streamlined, and simplified            intentional or unintentional misuse of AI tools by our employees or third parties,
manner to reduce transaction friction and costs, enhance self-serve options,           model hallucinations, the provision by our AI systems of inaccurate information
improve first call resolution, and reduce fraud attempts, such as spam and             about our products or services to our customers, or the existence of an explicit or
fraudulent calls or text messages, in order to build trust, improve our appeal, and    implicit bias in our AI models. Failure to do so could harm our brand and
reduce churn. This includes improvements to the range and capabilities of our          reputation, cause disruption to our business operations, and expose us to
call centres, our online self-serve and support options, and the deployment of         customer complaints, regulatory scrutiny, and litigation. Refer to the section
innovative tools that use AI and machine learning technologies. While we have          entitled Transformation below for details regarding our AI-related risks.
introduced new services and tools, we are unable to predict whether such               Additionally, customers’ perception of our products, services, brand, and corporate
services and tools will be sufficient to meet customer expectations. Failure to        image is also important. Embracing topics that matter to the stakeholder value
develop true omni-channel, streamlined and simplified capabilities and improve         proposition, such as sustainability practices and the reporting of such practices,
our customer experience by digitizing and developing a consistent, fast, and           adds an important layer to the customer perception of our company and thus to
on-demand end-to-end experience before, during and after sales using new               the overall customer experience. Failure to positively influence customer
technologies such as AI and machine learning, in parallel with our network             perceptions through effective communication, including through our use of social
evolution, could also adversely affect our business, financial results, reputation,    media and other communication media, or otherwise, could adversely affect our
and brand value. Such development activities could further be challenged by the        business, financial results, reputation, and brand value.
scarcity of skilled resources in a competitive labour market.


Transformation


The evolution and transformation of our networks, systems                              Our network and IT evolution activities seek to leverage both new and emerging
and operations using next-generation technologies, while                               technologies, including network functions virtualization, AI and machine learning,
lowering our cost structure, are essential to effective                                process automation, software-defined networks, cloud technologies, multi-edge
                                                                                       computing, open source software, “big data,” and IoT. These activities are
competition and customer experience                                                    designed to transform our networks and systems through consolidation,
Globalization, increased competition, and ongoing technological advances are           virtualization, and automation, enabling us to become more agile in our service
driving customer expectations for faster market responses, improved customer           delivery and operations, provide omni-channel capabilities for our customers, and
service, enhanced user experiences, and cost-effective delivery. Meeting these         drive lower costs. Our evolution efforts also focus on building next-generation
expectations requires the deployment of new service and product technologies,          converged wireline and wireless networks by leveraging smart-core technologies
along with customer service tools that are network-neutral and based on a more         to deliver competitive quality and customer experience at an efficient cost
collaborative and integrated development environment. The availability of              structure amid rapidly growing capacity requirements. Alignment across
improved networks and software technologies further provides the foundation for        technology platforms, product and service development, and operations is
better and faster connections, which have, in turn, led to significant growth in IoT   increasingly critical to ensure appropriate trade-offs and optimize capital
applications. Change can be difficult and may present unforeseen obstacles that        allocation. Failure to adopt best-in-class technology practices in transforming our
might impact successful execution, and this transition is made more challenging        operations to enable a truly customer-centric service experience may hinder our
by the complexity of our multi-product environment, combined with the                  ability to build customers’ trust in our innovation and technological capabilities,
complexity of our network and IT infrastructure.                                       and to compete on footprint, service experience, and cost structure. It may also
We are pursuing an operational transformation, which entails improving the             lead to missed opportunities and negatively impact business agility and growth.
experience and value we deliver to customers, enabled by modernized                    Planning and executing multiple complex projects within the desired delivery
infrastructure, simplified and automated business processes, and a right-sized         timelines can also be challenging. Any one or more of the above could have an
cost model. Failure to successfully pursue this transformation and accurately          adverse impact on our business, financial results, and reputation.
assess the potential of new technologies, make critical updates to existing            Customer retention and new customer acquisitions may be hindered during our
network capabilities, achieve cloud integration, fortify cybersecurity, and manage     transformation initiatives if such transformation causes poor service performance,
increasing interdependencies with third-party technology providers, or to invest       which in turn may adversely affect our ability to achieve operational and financial
and evolve in the appropriate direction in an environment of changing business         objectives. Failure to quickly maximize adaptable infrastructures, processes, and
models, could limit our ability to deliver value to our customers through easy and     technologies to efficiently respond to evolving customer patterns and behaviours,
simple buy and support interactions, and through enabling them to get what they        and to leverage IP and automation across many facets of our network, product,
want much faster through any channel, as well as limit our customers’ ability to       and service portfolio could inhibit a fully customer-centric approach. This could
receive products, services, and content on any device or at any location               reduce our ability to provide comprehensive self-serve convenience, real-time
regardless of network access type. As a result, this could have an adverse             provisioning, cost savings, and flexibility in delivery and consumption, leading to
impact on our business and financial results.                                          negative business and financial outcomes.




92       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A   Business risks


We further seek to expand our network footprint to enhance our value                  • The successful deployment of 5G mobile services could be impacted by various
proposition and meet customer needs while deploying technologies to support             factors affecting coverage and costs
growth. However, adverse government, regulatory, or court decisions may               • Higher demand for faster Internet speed and capacity, coupled with
impact the specific nature, magnitude, location, and timing of investment               governmental policies and initiatives, creates tensions around FTTP
decisions. In particular, the requirement to provide aggregated access to our           deployment in terms of geographic preference and pace of rollout
FTTP on a wholesale basis, lowering of rates by the CRTC of mandated
wholesale services over FTTP and/or FTTN, the imposition of unfavourable              • The increasing dependence on applications for content delivery, sales,
terms or the adoption of unfavourable rates in arbitration processes associated         customer engagement, and service experience drives the need for new and
with the facilities-based MVNO access service the CRTC has implemented, the             scarce capabilities (sourced internally or externally) that may not be available,
potential for additional mandated access to our networks, or the imposition of          as well as the need for associated operating processes integrated into ongoing
broader wholesale obligations on wireless networks would undermine the                  operations
incentives for facilities-based digital infrastructure providers to invest in next-   • New products, services, or applications could reduce demand for our existing,
generation wireline and wireless networks. Failure to continue investment in            more profitable service offerings or cause prices for those services to decline,
next-generation capabilities in a disciplined, timely, and strategic manner could       and could result in a shorter life cycle for existing or developing technologies,
limit our ability to compete effectively and to achieve desired business and            which could increase depreciation and amortization expenses
financial results.
                                                                                      • The decommissioning of legacy equipment could be challenged by customer
Other examples of risks that could affect the achievement of our desired                and regulatory requirements to continue using older technologies, as well as
transformation include the following:                                                   inherent risks involved with transitioning to new systems
• Failure to have our people, processes, and culture evolve to a                      • As content providers’ business models change, content consumption habits
  cross-functional approach to eliminate business unit silos and promote a              evolve, and viewing options increase, our ability to aggregate and distribute
  holistic “One Bell” mindset may impact our transformation initiatives                 relevant content and our ability to develop alternative delivery vehicles to
• The current global economic environment, as well as geopolitical events, may          compete in new markets and increase customer engagement and revenue
  bring about further incremental costs, delays, or unavailability of equipment,        streams may be hindered by the significant software development and network
  materials, and resources, which may impact our ability to continue building           investment required
  next-generation converged networks and drive other transformation initiatives       • Successfully managing the development and deployment of relevant product
• The costs of significant legacy networks, IT systems, and reliance on                 solutions on a timely basis to match the speed of adoption of IoT in the areas of
  outsourced IT, as well as execution risk and lower or slower than expected            retail, business, and government could be challenging
  savings achieved through targeted savings initiatives (e.g., vendor                 • Customers continue to expect improvements in customer service, new
  management, real estate optimization), could impact our ability to invest in our      functions and features, and reductions in the price charged to provide those
  transformation                                                                        services. Our ability to provide such improvements increasingly relies upon
• Failure to effectively engage with external partners and other industries, could      using a number of rapidly evolving technologies, including AI and machine
  hinder innovation and limit market opportunities                                      learning. However, the use of such technologies is being increasingly
                                                                                        scrutinized by legislators and regulators. If we cannot build market-leading
• Challenges in hiring, retaining, insourcing, and developing technical and
                                                                                        competencies in the use of these emerging technologies in a way that respects
  skilled resources could adversely impact transformation initiatives. Potential
                                                                                        societal values, we may not be able to continue to meet changing customer
  deterioration in employee morale and de-prioritization of transformation
                                                                                        expectations and to continue to grow our business.
  initiatives due to staff reductions, cost reductions, or reorganizations could
  adversely affect our transformation and financial results.                          We are using AI technologies in our business solutions and
• Suboptimal capital deployment in network build, infrastructure and process          operations, which may present business, reputational, and
  upgrades, and customer service improvements, could hinder our ability to            compliance risks
  compete effectively
                                                                                      We are focused on ensuring the responsible development and use of AI
• A cloud-based strategy with multiple service providers requires a different         technologies, both within BCE and through our partnerships. In 2023, BCE
  architecture framework and execution for each service provider, which could         adopted a Responsible AI Policy to proactively address AI-related risks. Our
  slow the pace of our transformation                                                 approach to the development and use of AI aligns with our ethics, privacy, and
• We, and other telecommunications carriers upon which we rely to provide             security requirements, as well as our broader sustainability objectives to foster
  services, may not be able to purchase high-quality, reputable network               customer, employee, and other stakeholder confidence in this technology.
  equipment and services from third-party suppliers on a timely basis and at a        We have implemented AI programs across various areas of our business,
  reasonable cost                                                                     including customer experience, network quality, operational efficiency, agent
• Network construction and deployment on municipal or private property                training, and employee assistants. We also offer AI-powered solutions to our
  requires the issuance of municipal or property owner consents, respectively,        enterprise customers, including AI data centres. However, the expanded use of AI
  for the installation of network equipment, which could increase the cost of,        – particularly generative AI – also increases our exposure to business,
  and cause delays in, fibre and wireless rollouts                                    reputational, and compliance risks.




                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       93
9 MD&A   Business risks


Accordingly, it is essential that we carefully assess and manage the challenges        We risk reputational damage if our AI initiatives do not achieve their intended
associated with our use of AI technologies, as well as by our customers,               objectives, are not seamlessly incorporated, or are perceived as unsuccessful.
business partners and third-party vendors. These challenges include preventing         We also risk experiencing a decline in our competitive positioning if our
the intentional or unintentional misuse of AI tools by employees, customers or         competitors leverage AI more effectively to improve their internal processes or
third parties; ensuring that our AI systems do not provide inaccurate or               develop new or enhanced products or services that we cannot match. Should they
misleading information to customers, employees and other users; avoiding               succeed more than us in adopting and implementing AI, our ability to compete
explicit or implicit bias or discrimination in AI models; obtaining proper consent     effectively may be affected, which could have an adverse effect on our business
for the collection and use of personal data to train and operate AI systems; and       and financial results. Further, developing and implementing AI technologies in our
preventing the generation of content that may infringe on third-party intellectual     business may require significant additional costs and resources and, if the
property rights. Failure to adequately address AI-related risks could result in the    expected benefits of the adoption of AI are not achieved, these costs may have a
unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and personal data; theft,          negative impact on our financial performance.
fraud, or cyberattacks; disruptions to our business operations; financial losses;      Failure to obtain or maintain a social license to operate AI data centres exposes
harm to our brand and reputation; decreased customer and investor confidence;          us to operational, financial, and reputational risks, including delays, increased
exposure to customer complaints, regulatory or legal action; and a loss of             costs, financial losses, reduced confidence among customers, investors and the
competitive advantage.                                                                 public, regulatory or legal action, difficulties attracting and retaining talent, loss of
The increased use of AI by our third-party vendors may further elevate our             competitive advantage, and could ultimately lead to suspension or cancellation of
exposure to these risks, as our risk profile would expand beyond our immediate         planned AI data centres initiatives.
control.                                                                               Furthermore, deploying AI solutions in our products or services in ways that are
As the legal and regulatory framework for AI evolves, new requirements may             perceived as divisive – due to potential impacts on employment, data privacy, or
increase our exposure to litigation and regulatory actions, increase compliance        human rights – could result in competitive disadvantages, reduced customer
costs, limit our ability to integrate certain AI capabilities into our products and    adoption, financial losses, harm to our brand and reputation, and legal or
services, and have an adverse effect on customer demand and our financial              regulatory consequences.
performance.


Operational performance


Our networks and IT systems are the foundation of high-                                Customers and other stakeholders expect that we deliver reliable service
quality consistent services, which are critical to meeting                             performance, enabled by our networks and other infrastructure, as well as the
service expectations                                                                   networks and other infrastructure of third-party providers on which we rely. Issues
                                                                                       relating to network availability, speed, consistency, and traffic management,
Our ability to develop and execute strategies against plans, and provide high-         whether on our current or legacy networks, could adversely affect our customers,
quality, consistent, reliable, and resilient wireless, wireline, media and AI          including by preventing the provision of critical services. Such issues could also
services to customers in a complex and changing operating environment, is              have an adverse impact on our business, reputation, and financial performance.
crucial for sustained success. It is therefore essential that we continuously refine   Heightened scrutiny by regulatory authorities with respect to network availability
our operating model in order to meet customer expectations for product and             could lead to increased identification of non-compliance and potential fines.
service experience at an efficient cost structure, while leveraging acquired           Furthermore, we may need to manage the possibility of instability in the context of
businesses and skill sets, and proactively managing strategic partnerships.            our transformation initiatives, including as we transition towards converged
Network capacity demands for content offerings and other bandwidth-intensive           wireline and wireless networks and newer technologies, such as software-defined
applications on our wireline and wireless networks have been growing at                networks leveraging open source software and cloud services, and increased
unprecedented rates. Unexpected capacity pressures on our networks may                 reliance on third-party hyperscale cloud providers. Network failures and
negatively affect our network performance and our ability to provide services.         slowdowns, whether caused by internal or external forces, human error or threat,
Evolving customer behaviour and their use of our networks, products, and               or external events, could adversely affect our brand and reputation, subscriber
services have created increased capacity pressure on certain areas of our              acquisition and retention, as well as our financial results. While we invest in the
wireless, wireline, and media networks, and there can be no certainty that our         resiliency of our networks and other infrastructure, and establish response
networks will continue to sustain such increased usage. In addition, we may            strategies and business continuity protocols to seek to maintain service
need to incur significant capital expenditures in order to provide additional          consistency, there is no assurance that such investments and protocols will be
capacity and reduce network congestion. The trend for families to move from            sufficient to prevent network failure, or the failure of other infrastructure, or a
urban centres to less urbanized areas increases the need to develop and/or             disruption in the delivery of our services.
enhance our networks in areas that were not previously served or that were
underserved.




94       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A   Business risks


In addition, we currently use a large number of interconnected internal and third-      Our operations and business continuity depend on how well we
party operational and business support systems for provisioning, networking,            protect, test, maintain, replace and upgrade our networks, IT
distribution, broadcast management, ordering, billing, and accounting, which            systems, equipment and other facilities
may hinder our operational efficiency. If we fail to implement, maintain, or
manage highly effective IT systems supported by an effective governance and             Our operations, service performance, reputation, business continuity, and strategy
operating framework, and implement transformation initiatives to streamline and         depend on how well we and our contracted product and service providers, as well
integrate our processes and systems, this may lead to inconsistent performance          as other telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services, protect
and dissatisfied customers, which over time could result in higher churn. It may        our or their networks and IT systems, as well as other infrastructure and facilities,
also limit our cross-sell capabilities across our portfolio of products and services.   from events such as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry,
                                                                                        fire, natural disasters, power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism,
Further examples of risks to operational performance that could impact our              sabotage, vandalism, actions of neighbours, and other events. Climate change
reputation, business operations and financial performance include the following:        could heighten the occurrence of certain of the above-mentioned risks. We must
• The current global economic environment, as well as geopolitical events, may          also manage business continuity issues caused by internal sources, including
  bring about further incremental costs, delays, or unavailability of equipment,        human error, human-caused threats, and inefficiencies. Establishing response
  materials, and resources, which may impact our ability to maintain or upgrade         strategies and business continuity protocols to maintain service consistency if any
  our networks in order to accommodate increased network usage and to                   disruptive event materializes is critical to the achievement of effective customer
  provide the desired levels of customer service                                        service. Any of the above-mentioned events, as well as the failure by us, or by
• Failure to maintain required service delivery amid operational challenges             other telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services, to
  (including those related to targeted cost savings initiatives and the availability    adequately complete planned and sufficient testing, maintenance, replacement, or
  of employees with the required skill set), and a transformation of our                upgrade of our or their networks, equipment and other facilities, which is, among
  infrastructure and technology, could adversely affect our brand, reputation,          other factors, dependent on our or their ability to purchase equipment and
  and financial results                                                                 services from third-party suppliers, could disrupt our operations (including through
                                                                                        disruptions such as network and other infrastructure failures, billing errors, or
• We may lose sales should we fail to maximize channel efficiencies, including          delays in customer service), require significant resources and result in significant
  the increasingly important digital and self-serve channels, which could               remediation costs, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business and
  adversely affect our financial results                                                financial performance, or impair our ability to keep existing subscribers or attract
• Corporate restructurings, system replacements and upgrades, process                   new ones.
  redesigns, staff reductions, and the integration of business acquisitions, may        In addition, the current global economic environment as well as geopolitical
  not deliver the benefits contemplated, or be completed when expected, and             events may bring about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of
  could adversely impact our ongoing operations                                         equipment, materials and resources, which could impact our operations and
• Failure to streamline our significant IT legacy system portfolio and proactively      business continuity strategies.
  improve operating performance could adversely affect our business and                 Satellites used to provide our satellite TV services are subject to
  financial results
                                                                                        significant operational risks that could have an adverse effect
• We may experience more service interruptions or outages due to legacy                 on our business and financial performance
  infrastructure. In some cases, vendor support is no longer available or legacy
  vendor operations have ceased. Copper theft and vandalism to our                      Pursuant to a set of commercial arrangements between ExpressVu and Telesat
  telecommunications infrastructure may also cause service disruptions and              Canada (Telesat), we currently have satellites under contract with Telesat. Telesat
  jeopardize community safety.                                                          operates or directs the operation of these satellites, which utilize highly complex
                                                                                        technology and operate in the harsh environment of space, and are therefore
• An increase in lost-time accident rate by our employees could adversely               subject to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include in-orbit
  impact our ongoing operations                                                         equipment failures, malfunctions, and other problems, commonly referred to as
• There may be a lack of replacement parts and competent, cost-effective                anomalies, that could reduce the commercial usefulness of a satellite used to
  resources to perform the life cycle management and upgrades necessary to              provide our satellite TV services. Acts of war or terrorism, magnetic, electrostatic,
  maintain the operational status of legacy networks and IT systems                     or solar storms, or space debris or meteoroids could also damage such satellites.
                                                                                        Any loss, failure, manufacturing defect, damage, or destruction of these satellites,
• Climate change increases the probability, frequency, intensity, and duration of       our terrestrial broadcasting infrastructure, or Telesat’s tracking, telemetry and
  severe weather-related events such as ice, snow, and windstorms; wildfires;           control facilities to operate the satellites could have an adverse effect on our
  flooding extended heat waves; hurricanes; tornadoes; and tsunamis, all of             business and financial performance and could result in customers terminating
  which could impact network availability and performance and drive more                their subscriptions to our satellite TV service.
  repairs of network equipment




                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        95
9 MD&A   Business risks


Ziply Fiber’s fibre expansion plan, and the benefits expected to                      The integration of Ziply Fiber as a subsidiary of BCE may not be
result from the formation of Network FiberCo, are subject to                          as successful as anticipated and disruptions from the
risks and uncertainties                                                               transaction could harm our business
Under Ziply Fiber’s fibre expansion plan, we intend to grow Ziply Fiber’s fibre       The acquisition of Ziply Fiber (the Acquisition) involves strategic, financial,
network to increase Ziply Fiber’s revenues and number of customers, and in            accounting, legal, tax, and other functions that must be integrated. Difficulties in
turn, increase its profitability and cash flows. These programs and initiatives       integrating Ziply Fiber as a subsidiary of BCE may result in the combined
require significant investment and resources, and may divert attention from           company performing differently than expected. Our other businesses could also
ongoing operations and other strategic initiatives. There can be no assurance         be negatively impacted by this acquisition. More specifically, potential difficulties
that Ziply Fiber’s current and future initiatives and programs will be successful,    that may be encountered in the integration process include, among other factors:
or that the actual returns from these programs and initiatives will not be lower      • The inability to successfully integrate Ziply Fiber as a BCE subsidiary in a
than anticipated or take longer to realize than we anticipate. For example, we          manner that permits us to achieve the anticipated benefits from the Acquisition
may not reach our targets to expand and penetrate Ziply Fiber’s existing fibre
network on the timelines we anticipate, or at all. If Ziply Fiber’s current and       • Performance shortfalls at Ziply Fiber or BCE resulting from the diversion of
future programs and initiatives are unsuccessful, result in lower returns than we       management’s attention caused by the Acquisition
anticipate, or take longer than we anticipate, it could have a material adverse       • Funding the operations and planned capital expenditures of Ziply Fiber
effect on Ziply Fiber’s results of operations and, consequently, adversely affect
the financial performance of our Bell CTS U.S. segment.                               • The disruption of, or loss of momentum in, our business or inconsistencies in
                                                                                        standards, controls, procedures, and policies
Additionally, there can be no assurance that the benefits expected to result from
the formation of Network FiberCo, a long-term strategic partnership between           • Integrating relationships with customers, vendors and business partners
BCE and PSP Investments to accelerate the development of fibre infrastructure
through Ziply Fiber, will be realized. Further, Network FiberCo is subject to many
of the same risks as Ziply Fiber, including those with respect to regulatory
matters, pole attachment agreements and licenses. Refer to section 8.2,
U.S. regulatory environment, of this MD&A for more details.


Financial management


If we are unable to raise the capital we need or generate                             cost and capacity, and our ability to access the capital markets, money market,
sufficient cash flows from operating activities, we may need to                       and/or the bank credit market. In addition, participants in the public capital and
limit our capital expenditures or our investments in new                              bank credit markets have internal policies limiting their ability to invest in, or
                                                                                      extend credit to, any single entity or entity group or a particular industry. Finally,
businesses, or try to raise capital by disposing of assets                            with increasing emphasis by the capital markets on sustainability performance
Our ability to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and provide      and reporting, there is a potential for the cost and availability of funding to be
for planned growth depends on having access to adequate sources of capital            increasingly tied to the quality of our sustainability practices and related disclosed
and on our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities, which is         metrics.
subject to various risks, including those described in this MD&A.
                                                                                      Our bank credit facilities, including credit facilities supporting our commercial
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity     paper program, are provided by various financial institutions. While it is our
and debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit market.        intention to renew certain of such credit facilities from time to time, there is no
Our ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available       assurance that these facilities will be renewed on favourable terms or in similar
depend largely on prevailing market conditions and the outlook for our business       amounts.
and credit ratings at the time capital is raised.
                                                                                      Global financial markets have experienced, and could again experience,
Risk factors such as capital market disruptions; political, economic, and financial   significant volatility and weakness as a result of market disruptions, including
market instability in Canada, the U.S., or abroad; tariffs; government policies;      those relating to the economy, the imposition of tariffs, and geopolitical events.
central bank monetary policies; increasing interest rates; inflation; changes to      The current global economic environment could continue to negatively impact
bank capitalization or other regulations; reduced bank lending in general; or         equity and debt capital markets, cause interest rate and currency volatility and
fewer banks as a result of reduced activity or consolidation could reduce capital     movements, and adversely affect our ability to raise financing in the public capital,
available or increase the cost of such capital. In addition, an increased level of    bank credit, and/or commercial paper markets, as well as the cost thereof.
debt borrowings could result in lower credit ratings, increased borrowing costs,      Additionally, the negative impact of the global economic environment and a
and a reduction in the amount of funding available to us, including through           potential recession, as well as elevated levels of inflation and interest rates
equity offerings. Business acquisitions could also adversely affect our outlook       affecting our customers’ financial condition, could adversely affect our ability to
and credit ratings and have similar adverse consequences. There is no                 recover payments on receivables and lead to further increases in bad debts. This,
assurance that we will maintain our credit ratings, and a ratings downgrade           in turn, could negatively impact our revenues and cash flows, as well as our
could result in adverse consequences for our funding                                  position under our securitized receivables program.




96       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A   Business risks


Differences between BCE’s actual or anticipated financial results and the               • Achieving timely cost reductions while moving to an IP-based network is
published expectations of financial analysts, as well as events affecting our             dependent on disciplined network decommissioning, which can be delayed by
business or operating environment, may contribute to volatility in the market             customer contractual commitments, regulatory considerations, and other
price of BCE’s securities. A major decline in the financial markets in general, or a      unforeseen obstacles
decrease in the market price or fluctuations in trading volumes of BCE’s                • Failure to contain growing operational costs related to network sites, network
securities, may negatively affect our ability to raise debt or equity capital, retain     performance and resiliency, footprint expansion, spectrum licences, insurance,
senior executives and other key employees, make strategic acquisitions, or                and content and equipment acquisition could have a negative effect on our
enter into joint arrangements.                                                            financial performance
If we cannot access the capital we need or generate cash flows to implement
                                                                                        • In addition to the potential impact from the global economic environment and
our business plan, or meet our financial obligations on acceptable terms, we
                                                                                          geopolitical events, fluctuations in energy prices are further partly influenced by
may have to limit our ongoing capital expenditures and our investment in new
                                                                                          government policies to address climate change, such as carbon pricing which,
businesses, or attempt to raise additional capital by selling or otherwise
                                                                                          combined with growing data demand, including from AI data centres that
disposing of assets. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on our
                                                                                          increases our energy requirements, could increase our energy costs beyond
cash flows from operating activities and on our growth prospects.
                                                                                          our current expectations
We cannot guarantee that our dividend payout policy will be                             • Failure to successfully deliver on our contractual commitments, whether due to
maintained or achieved, or that dividends will be maintained or                           security events, operational challenges, or other reasons, may cause us to
declared                                                                                  incur financial penalties and loss of revenues
Maintaining or achieving BCE’s dividend payout policy, maintaining the BCE              In addition, as part of our business operations and operational transformation, it is
common share dividend, as well as the declaration of dividends on any of BCE’s          essential that we optimize capital spending and ensure appropriate trade-offs in
outstanding shares, are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and,                 our capital allocation. However, should we fail to adequately assess investment
consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend payout policy will          priorities and optimal trade-offs, our business and financial results could be
be maintained or achieved, that the dividend on common shares will be                   negatively affected.
maintained or that dividends will be declared on any of BCE’s outstanding
shares. Maintaining or achieving BCE’s dividend payout policy, maintaining              We are exposed to various credit, liquidity and market risks
dividends and the declaration of dividends by the BCE Board are ultimately              Our exposure to credit, liquidity, and market risks, including equity price, interest
dependent on BCE’s corporate strategy, operations and financial results which           rate, and currency fluctuations, is discussed in section 6.5, Financial risk
are, in turn, subject to various assumptions and risks, including those set out in      management of this MD&A and in Note 30 to BCE’s 2025 consolidated financial
this MD&A.                                                                              statements.
                                                                                        Our sales have historically been denominated in Canadian dollars. However, as a
The failure to reduce costs, unexpected increases in costs and                          result of the Ziply Fiber Acquisition, a portion of our revenues, assets, liabilities,
the failure to optimize capital spending, could adversely affect                        and cost structure is now exposed to U.S. dollars. Consequently, an increase in
our ability to execute our business strategy and meet our                               the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar may adversely affect
financial guidance                                                                      our revenue and business. Selling products, providing services, or purchasing
Our objective to lower our cost structure and meet our deleveraging targets             inventory or equipment in U.S. dollars could result in our exposure to foreign
continues to be aggressive, with a company-wide focus on cost transformation            currency risk becoming more significant. In addition, Ziply Fiber’s employees are
and reduction, but there is no assurance that we will be successful in reducing         located in the U.S.; therefore, a portion of our payroll, as well as certain other
costs or leverage. Examples of risks to our ability to reduce costs, meet our           operating expenses, are paid in U.S. dollars. Our operating results are
deleveraging targets or limit potential cost increases include the following:           denominated in Canadian dollars, and the difference in exchange rates from one
                                                                                        period to another may directly impact period-to-period comparisons of our
• Inflation could continue to result in higher input costs for equipment, products,     operating results. Furthermore, exchange rate fluctuations may make it difficult for
  and services, and create increased pressure for wage increases                        us to predict our operating results. We may implement hedging strategies from
• Increased costs related to tariffs and geopolitical events, in particular as they     time to time to mitigate risks related to the impact of fluctuations in exchange
  impact our supply chain, could persist for an undetermined period of time             rates. However, not every exposure can be hedged, and where hedges are put in
                                                                                        place based on expected foreign exchange exposure, they are based on forecasts
• Increasing or high interest rates could negatively impact our cost of financing       that may vary or which may later prove to have been inaccurate. Failure to hedge
• Our cost reduction objectives require aggressive negotiations with our                successfully or to anticipate currency risks accurately could adversely affect our
  suppliers, and there can be no assurance that such negotiations will be               operating results.
  successful or that replacement products or services provided will not lead to         Our failure to identify and manage our exposure to changes in interest rates,
  operational issues                                                                    foreign exchange rates, BCE’s share price, and other market conditions could
• As suppliers continue to shorten software life cycles, the cost of seeking to         lead to missed opportunities, increased costs, reduced profit margins, cash flow
  maintain adequate information security solutions increases                            shortages, an inability to complete planned capital expenditures, delays in our
                                                                                        deleveraging initiatives, reputational damage, devaluation of equity and debt
                                                                                        securities, and challenges in raising capital on market-competitive terms.




                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        97
9 MD&A   Business risks


The failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and                            The economic environment, pension rules or ineffective
control fraudulent activities could result in financial loss and                      governance could have an adverse effect on our pension
brand degradation                                                                     obligations, and we may be required to increase contributions
As a public company with a range of desirable and valuable products and               to our post-employment benefit plans
services and a large number of employees, BCE requires a disciplined program          With a large pension plan membership and DB pension plans that are subject to
covering governance, exposure identification and assessment, prevention,              the pressures of the global economic environment and changing regulatory and
detection, and reporting that considers corruption, misappropriation of assets,       reporting requirements, our pension obligations are exposed to potential volatility.
and intentional manipulation of financial statements by employees and/or              Failure to recognize and manage economic exposure and pension rule changes,
external parties. The current global economic environment and advances in AI          or to ensure that effective governance is in place for the management and funding
technologies could lead to increased fraudulent activity, resulting in financial      of pension plan assets and obligations, could have an adverse impact on our
losses and brand degradation.                                                         liquidity and financial performance.
Specific examples relevant to us include:                                             The funding requirements of our post-employment benefit plans, based on
• Copyright theft and other forms of unauthorized use that undermine the              valuations of plan assets and obligations, depend on a number of factors,
  exclusivity of Bell Media’s content offerings, which could divert users to          including actual returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term
  unlicensed or otherwise illegitimate platforms, thus impacting our ability to       interest rates, inflation, plan demographics (including longevity), and applicable
  derive distribution and advertising revenues                                        regulations and actuarial standards. Changes in these factors, including changes
                                                                                      caused by the current global economic environment and recent geopolitical
• Unauthorized individuals taking over an account owner’s online account              events, could cause future contributions to significantly differ from our current
  without their permission in order to gain access to wireless products and           estimates, require us to increase contributions to our post-employment benefit
  goods via various means                                                             plans in the future, and, therefore, have a negative effect on our liquidity and
• Subscription fraud where fraudsters use their own, a stolen, or a synthetic         financial performance.
  identity to obtain mobile devices and services with no intention to pay             There is no assurance that the assets of our post-employment benefit plans will
• Network usage fraud, such as call/sell operations using our wireline or             earn their assumed rate of return. A substantial portion of our post-employment
  wireless networks, or incidents related to network components such as               benefit plans’ assets is invested in public and private equity and debt securities.
  copper theft                                                                        As a result, the ability of our post-employment benefit plans’ assets to earn the
                                                                                      rate of return that we have assumed depends significantly on the performance of
• Ongoing efforts to steal the services of TV distributors, including Bell Canada     capital markets. Market conditions also impact the discount rate used to calculate
  and ExpressVu, through compromise or circumvention of signal security               our pension plan solvency obligations and could therefore also significantly affect
  systems, causing revenue loss                                                       our cash funding requirements.
• Organized criminal activities targeting and seizing high value inventory
                                                                                      The expected timing and completion of the proposed
Income and commodity tax amounts may materially differ from                           disposition of Northwestel are subject to closing conditions and
the expected amounts                                                                  other risks and uncertainties
Our complex business operations are subject to various tax laws in Canada, the        The expected timing and completion of the proposed disposition of Northwestel
U.S., and other relevant jurisdictions, as well as to related tax treaties,           are subject to closing conditions, termination rights, and other risks and
regulations, rules, and administrative guidance. The adoption of new tax laws,        uncertainties, including, without limitation, the purchaser securing financing, which
treaties, regulations, or rules thereunder, or changes thereto, or changes in their   may affect its completion, terms or timing. Accordingly, there can be no assurance
interpretation or enforcement by tax authorities, could adversely affect our tax      that the proposed disposition will occur, or that it will occur on the terms and
position, including by resulting in higher tax rates, new taxes, or other adverse     conditions, or at the time, currently contemplated. The proposed disposition could
tax implications. In addition, while we believe that we have adequately provided      be modified, restructured, or terminated. There can also be no assurance that the
for all income and commodity taxes based on all of the information that is            potential benefits expected to result from the proposed disposition will be realized.
currently available, the calculation of income taxes and the applicability of
commodity taxes in many cases require significant judgment in interpreting tax
rules and regulations. Our tax filings are subject to government audits that could
result in material changes to the amount of current and deferred income tax
assets and liabilities and other liabilities, and could, in certain circumstances,
result in an assessment of interest and penalties.
A number of factors could impact our financial statements and
estimates
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to
historical experience, current events, and actions that the company may
undertake in the future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are
reasonable under the circumstances. A change in these assumptions may have
an impact on our financial statements including but not limited to impairment
testing, fair value determination, expected credit losses and discount rates used
for the present value of cash flows. By their nature, these estimates and
judgments are subject to measurement uncertainty and actual results could
differ.




98       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A   Business risks


People


Attracting, developing and retaining a talented team capable of                        However, failure to establish robust programs and further enhance them to
furthering    our   business     strategy    and    operational                        achieve these aspirations could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain
transformation is essential to our success                                             team members. Failure to sufficiently address evolving employee expectations
                                                                                       related to our culture and value proposition could also adversely affect our ability
Our business depends on the efforts, engagement, and expertise of our                  to attract and retain team members.
management and non-management employees and contractors, who must be
able to operate efficiently and safely based on their responsibilities and working     Other examples of people-related risks include the following:
environment. Demand for highly skilled team members remains a concern, as              • The increasing technical and operational complexity of our businesses,
the pace of technological advancement, retiring workers, varying levels of               combined with high market demand for skilled resources in strategic areas,
immigration, and an increase in remote-work arrangements, allowing for more              creates a challenging environment for hiring, developing, and retaining such
global competition, have created an even more competitive marketplace. This              talent
underscores the importance of developing and maintaining a comprehensive               • Failure to establish a complete and effective succession plan, including
and inclusive human resources strategy and employee value proposition to                 preparation of internal talent and identification of potential external candidates,
effectively compete for talent and to identify and secure high-performing                where relevant, for senior executive and other key roles, could impair our
candidates for a broad range of job functions, roles, and responsibilities. In           business until qualified replacements are found
addition, an appropriately skilled talent pool, achieved through hiring, insourcing,
upskilling, and reskilling, is essential to support evolving business priorities in    • Ensuring the health and safety of our workforce operating in different
the context of an ongoing business transformation that is impacting job nature           environments, including manholes, telephone poles, cell towers, vehicles,
and required skill sets. Our objective to transform our business requires a              foreign news bureaus, war zones, and during pandemics or severe weather
cultural shift and the capacity to evolve, which impacts our recruitment strategy        events, requires focus, effective processes, and flexibility to avoid injury, illness,
and resource deployment. We seek to have our employees adapt to new ways                 service interruption, fines, and reputational impact
of working, as traditional telecommunications companies are moving toward              • Potential deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting from staff
flatter work structures, leveraging generative AI, with fewer silos and more             reductions, cost reductions, or reorganizations could adversely affect our
cross-functional corporate structures. These shifts may require rapid reskilling         business and financial results
and redeployment of employees and may increase workforce disruption risk.
Failure to attract, appropriately train, motivate, remunerate, or deploy employees     Challenges related to collective agreements could adversely
on initiatives that further our business strategy and operational transformation,      affect our business
or to efficiently replace departing employees, could adversely impact our ability
                                                                                       Approximately 39% of BCE employees were represented by unions and were
to attract and retain talent and drive performance across the organization. A
                                                                                       covered by collective agreements as of December 31, 2025. The positive
shortage of skilled labour could negatively affect our ability to implement our
                                                                                       engagement of our union-represented team members is contingent on negotiating
strategic priorities, as well as sell our products and services and, more generally,
                                                                                       collective agreements that deliver competitive labour conditions and uninterrupted
serve our customers.
                                                                                       service, both of which are critical to achieving our business objectives.
Establishing a culture that drives inclusivity, employee engagement,
                                                                                       We cannot predict the outcome of collective agreement negotiations. The renewal
development, and progression is essential to attracting and retaining talent. In
                                                                                       of collective agreements could result in higher labour costs and may be
addition, employees are typically more engaged at work when their values align
                                                                                       challenging in the context of a declining workload due to transformation, a
with their employer’s corporate values. We have strengthened our employee
                                                                                       maturing footprint, improved efficiencies, and adverse government or regulatory
training offerings to support our transformation, and we continually seek to
                                                                                       decisions. If, during the bargaining process, there are project delays or work
establish and enhance programs and provide resources to support team
                                                                                       disruptions, including work stoppages or slowdowns, this could adversely affect
members on a wide range of topics, including mental health services and
                                                                                       service to our customers and, in turn, our customer relationships and financial
support.
                                                                                       performance.


Brand reputation


Our ability to maintain positive customer relationships is                             influenced by our reputation. Our company faces many sources of reputational
significantly influenced by our reputation                                             risk, as discussed in this MD&A. Should our perceived or actual outlook, plans,
                                                                                       priorities, or actions, or those of our employees or suppliers, fail to align with
Understanding public perception is crucial for making investments in key areas
                                                                                       stakeholders’ expectations, our reputation could be impacted. This, in turn, could
such as customer experience, brand appeal, media coverage, social media, and
                                                                                       have an adverse effect on our brand, our ability to retain or attract customers,
marketing. Many customers’ decisions to purchase our products and services
                                                                                       and, more generally, on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and financial
are directly related to their perception of our company. Accordingly, our ability to
                                                                                       results.
maintain positive customer relationships and to acquire or retain customers is
significantly




                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        99
9 MD&A   Business risks


There is no assurance that we will succeed in meaningfully                              Our scope 2 and 3 GHG emissions reduction targets depend on the emissions
integrating sustainability considerations into our business                             intensity originating from the electricity grid in the jurisdictions where we operate
strategy, operations, and governance to generate a positive                             and over which we have no control. Should a significant increase in such
                                                                                        emissions intensity be recorded in one or more jurisdictions where we conduct our
outcome for stakeholders                                                                operations, the achievement of our science-based targets related to our scope 2
While we seek to understand the evolving sustainability landscape and identify          and 3 GHG emissions could be negatively impacted.
topics and activities that may expose us to sustainability risks, there is no           Further, our current and proposed development of AI data centres may
assurance that we will succeed in meaningfully integrating sustainability               significantly increase our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 GHG emissions. While
considerations into our business strategy, operations, and governance to                we do not yet have sufficient data to quantify the impact of our AI data centres on
generate positive outcomes for stakeholders. Good sustainability practices are          our GHG emissions, AI data centres are known to be energy intensive due to the
an important measure of corporate performance and value creation. As such, we           nature of their operations. The jurisdiction in which future AI data centres are
are increasingly under scrutiny to address sustainability matters of importance to      developed could also have an impact on our GHG emissions if, for instance, AI
our stakeholders. A wide range of sustainability topics have progressively              data centres are developed in jurisdictions with electricity grids with high
become important elements of corporate culture, and seeking to embrace them             emissions intensity. If the impact of our AI data centres on our GHG emissions is
reinforces our value proposition to drive employee attraction and retention.            significant, it could adversely affect our ability to achieve our GHG emissions
Customers now factor broader considerations into purchase decisions and look            reduction targets.
for alignment between personal values and corporate behaviour. Investors
increasingly link investment decisions to the quality of sustainability practices       A portion of our GHG emissions reduction targets also depends on our ability to
and related disclosed metrics. Moreover, we have directly linked some pricing           implement sufficient corporate and business initiatives in order to reduce GHG
elements in certain financing agreements to our performance on key                      emissions to the desired levels. Failure to implement such initiatives according to
sustainability targets. Legal and regulatory pressures have further intensified in      planned schedules due to changes in business plans, our inability to implement
the sustainability landscape, including, without limitation, in the areas of privacy,   requisite operational or technological changes, unavailability of capital,
data governance, responsible AI, and climate change. Accordingly, failure to            technologies, equipment or employees, cost allocations, actual costs exceeding
integrate sustainability considerations into our governance activities and              anticipated costs, or other factors, or the failure of such initiatives, including of
effectively manage sustainability risks and opportunities could harm our brand          new technologies, to generate anticipated GHG emissions reductions, could
and reputation, and lead to negative business, financial, legal, and regulatory         negatively affect our ability to achieve our GHG emissions reduction targets. In
consequences for the company. Perceived misalignment of our actions with                addition, future corporate initiatives, such as business acquisitions and business
stakeholder expectations could also harm our brand and reputation and lead to           dispositions, including the previously announced pending disposition of
further financial and other consequences. Finally, enhanced sustainability-             Northwestel, as well as our acquisition of Ziply Fiber, the development of AI data
related disclosures could increase the company’s exposure to claims for                 centres, and organic growth, could negatively affect our ability to achieve our
misrepresentation in the primary or secondary market.                                   targets, as would the adoption of new technologies that are carbon enablers or do
                                                                                        not generate the anticipated energy savings.
Various factors could negatively impact our ability to achieve                          A refinement in, or modifications to, international standards or to the methodology
our sustainability targets                                                              we use for the calculation of GHG emissions that would result in an increase in
We have set a number of sustainability targets to monitor our sustainability            our GHG emissions could further impact our ability to achieve our targets. In
performance and align with our business strategy. However, our ability to               addition, as it relates to our science-based targets specifically, the SBTi requires
achieve these targets depends on many factors and is subject to many risks that         the recalculation of our targets upon the occurrence of certain events, such as
could cause our assumptions or estimates to be inaccurate and cause actual              business acquisitions or divestitures, or to conform to evolving SBTi methodology
results or events to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these    or standards. A recalculation resulting in the introduction of more ambitious targets
targets. Failure to sufficiently address evolving expectations of employees,            could challenge our ability to achieve such updated targets.
customers, investors, and other stakeholders through the achievement of our             The achievement of our science-based target relating to the level of our suppliers
sustainability targets could harm our brand, reputation, and competitiveness, as        by spend covering purchased goods and services that have adopted science-
well as lead to other negative business, financial, legal, and regulatory               based targets could be negatively impacted should we fail to achieve the required
consequences for the company.                                                           level of engagement and collaboration from our suppliers over which we have no
Important risk factors that could affect certain of our key sustainability targets      control, despite the engagement measures that we may implement, or should we
are set out below.                                                                      significantly change the allocation of our spend by supplier.
                                                                                        In addition, we have much less influence over the reduction of our scope 3 GHG
GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets                                 emissions than over our scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions given that we must
The achievement of our science-based target related to our scope 1 and 2 GHG            rely on the engagement and collaboration of our suppliers and other participants
emissions will require that we purchase a significant quantity of RECs. To              in our value chain in reducing their own GHG emissions. Accordingly, failure to
achieve this science-based target, only RECs will be considered given that the          obtain our suppliers’ and other participants’ engagement and collaboration could
SBTi standards do not enable carbon credits to be used for this target. Should a        adversely affect our ability to meet our scope 3 GHG emissions reduction target.
sufficient quantity of acceptable (according to the SBTi guidelines) RECs be
unavailable, should their cost of acquisition be considered too onerous, should
sufficient funds be unavailable, or should laws, regulations, applicable
standards, public perception or other factors limit the number of RECs that we
can purchase, in whole or in part, the achievement of our science-based target
related to our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions could be negatively impacted.




100      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A   Business risks


Failure to take appropriate actions to adapt to current and                              potential to be increasingly tied to the quality of our sustainability practices and
emerging environmental impacts, including climate change,                                related disclosed metrics, all of which could have negative financial outcomes.
could have an adverse effect on our business                                           Furthermore, climate-related events could also impact our suppliers and
We face risks related to environmental events, including climate-related events,       outsourcers, which in turn could impact our business. Given that some of our
which could impact our operations, service performance, reputation, business           third-party suppliers and outsourcers are located in foreign countries that are
continuity, and cost and availability of insurance, and more generally have an         more at risk of experiencing weather-related events, localized natural disasters in
adverse effect on our business, financial performance, and reputation. In              such countries could further negatively impact our business.
particular, climate change poses potential risks to our business, our employees,       In addition, several areas of our operations raise other environmental
our customers, our suppliers and outsourcers, and the communities in which we          considerations, such as fuel storage, GHG emissions and energy consumption
operate. Inadequate management of environmental issues associated with our             reduction, water usage and discharge, waste management, disposal of hazardous
company and our business, as well as those of our suppliers and other                  residual materials, recovery and recycling of end-of-life electronic products we sell
stakeholders, could also adversely affect our business, financial condition,           or lease, and other network-associated impacts (e.g., treated wood poles,
liquidity, financial results, and reputation, given the implications for the company   manhole effluents, lead cables, etc.).
as well as various stakeholders.                                                       Our team members, customers, investors, and governments expect that we
Consistent with the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)                regard environmental protection as an integral part of doing business and that we
standards, we categorize climate-related risks into physical and transition risks:     seek to minimize the negative environmental impacts of our operations and create
                                                                                       positive impacts where possible. Failure to recognize and adequately respond to
• Physical risks are associated with the physical impacts from a changing
                                                                                       their evolving expectations, to take action to reduce our negative impacts on the
  climate and can either be event-driven (acute) or longer-term (chronic) shifts
                                                                                       environment, to achieve our environmental objectives, and to effectively report on
  in climate patterns. Global scientific evidence suggests that climate change
                                                                                       environmental matters, could result in fines, and could harm our brand, reputation
  will increase both the frequency and severity of extreme weather events. This
                                                                                       and competitiveness, as well as lead to other negative business, financial, legal,
  will include such events as floods, wildfires, and heatwaves, among others.
                                                                                       and regulatory consequences for the company.
  These could have a destructive impact on our communications network
  infrastructure and facilities and, in turn, affect our ability to deliver services   There can be no assurance that our corporate governance
  that are critical to our customers and society. A service disruption due to          practices will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and
  extreme weather events could lead to financial impacts, including an increase
  in capital expenditures from rebuilding and reinforcing infrastructure, as well      ethical standards
  as an increase in operating costs from maintenance and repairs, labour,              Our employees, officers, BCE Board members, suppliers, agents, and other
  heating and cooling, and equipment damage. Our insurance premiums could              business partners are expected, in Canada, the U.S., and abroad, to comply with
  increase, or we could face reduced insurability in high-risk areas.                  applicable legal and ethical standards including, without limitation, anti-bribery
  Furthermore, this could jeopardize customer satisfaction and may result in a         laws, as well as with our governance policies and contractual obligations. Failure
  decrease in revenues. In addition, if average temperatures where we are              to comply with such laws, policies, standards, and contractual obligations could
  operating are warmer or cooler year over year for longer periods of time, there      expose us to investigations or litigation and significant fines and penalties, and
  will be an increasing need for cooling or heating capacity in our facilities. This   result in reputational harm or disqualification from bidding on contracts. While we
  will increase our energy consumption and associated operational costs.               have developed and implemented corporate governance practices, including
  Furthermore, in order to remain resilient to these increasing or decreasing          through our Code of Business Conduct, which is updated regularly and subject to
  temperatures, we would need to increase our investments in our infrastructure        an annual review by team members, there can be no assurance that such
  to address its accelerated degradation, again leading to increased capital           practices and measures will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical
  expenditures and operational costs.                                                  standards. Any such failure or violation could have an adverse effect on our
                                                                                       business, financial performance, and reputation.
• Transition risks are associated with a transition to a lower-carbon economy,
  which may include extensive regulatory, technology, and market changes to            Various social issues, if not adequately managed, could have an
  address mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change.            adverse effect on our business
  These risks may include increased capital expenditures required for
  equipment upgrades to comply with new energy efficiency standards and                Effective management of social risk is a component of good sustainability
  climate resilience regulations; increased operational costs driven by the rising     practices. Inadequate management of social issues associated with our company
  price of energy due to carbon pricing regulations; energy market volatility and      and our business, as well as those of our suppliers and other stakeholders, could
  the shifting supply and demand for energy; increased grid emissions intensity,       adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results, and
  which could affect our ability to meet our GHG targets; increased operational        reputation. This may include social issues discussed elsewhere in this MD&A,
  costs related to outdated equipment and e-waste treatment programs and               such as employees’ well-being, health and safety, social licence to operate AI data
  management systems; potential shortages or price increases for materials             centres, responsible procurement, as well as other social issues such as human
  essential to low-carbon technologies that could affect service offerings and         rights, including Indigenous peoples’ rights, consultation and accommodation, and
  product development; and reputational risks related to our management of             community acceptance and engagement. Failure to sufficiently address and report
  climate-related issues as well as to our level of disclosure related to such         on our management of social issues, and to achieve our social objectives could
  matters. There is also a reputational risk of not demonstrating our proactive        harm our brand and reputation, and could lead to negative business, financial,
  behaviour towards climate change, which could affect customer perception             legal, and regulatory consequences for the company.
  and the cost and availability of funding that has the




                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        101
9 MD&A   Business risks


Health risks, including pandemics, epidemics, and other health                        out with reasonable confidence. The IARC also called for additional research into
concerns, such as radiofrequency emissions from wireless                              long-term heavy use of mobile phones.
communications devices and equipment, could have an                                   ISED is responsible for approving radiofrequency equipment and performing
adverse effect on our business                                                        compliance assessments, and has chosen Health Canada’s Safety Code 6, which
                                                                                      sets the limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency emissions at home or at work,
Health risks, including pandemics and epidemics, could occur, any of which            as its exposure standard. This code also outlines safety requirements for the
could adversely affect our ability to maintain operational networks and provide       installation and operation of devices that emit radiofrequency fields, such as
products and services to our customers, as well as the ability of our suppliers to    mobile communications devices, Wi-Fi technologies, and base station antennas.
provide us with the products and services we need to operate our business. Any        ISED has made compliance with Safety Code 6 mandatory for all proponents and
such pandemics, epidemics and other health risks could have an adverse effect         operators of radio installations.
on the economy and financial markets, causing retail and commercial activity to
decline, which could have a negative impact on the demand for, and prices of,         The following challenges, among others, could arise since our business is heavily
our products and services.                                                            dependent on radiofrequency technologies: we may face lawsuits relating to
                                                                                      alleged adverse health effects on customers, as well as relating to our marketing
Many studies have been performed or are ongoing to assess whether mobile              and disclosure practices in connection therewith, and the likely outcome of such
communications devices, such as smartphones, as well as wireless networks             potential lawsuits is unpredictable and could change over time; changes in
and towers, pose a potential health risk. While some studies suggest links to         scientific evidence and/or public perceptions could lead to additional government
certain conditions, others conclude there is no established causation between         regulations and costs for retrofitting infrastructure and handsets to achieve
mobile phone usage and adverse health effects. The International Agency for           compliance; and public concerns could result in a slower deployment of, or in our
Research on Cancer (IARC) of the World Health Organization classified                 inability to deploy, infrastructure necessary to maintain and/or expand our wireless
radiofrequency electromagnetic fields from wireless phones as possibly                network as required by market evolution. Any of these events could have an
carcinogenic to humans, but also indicated that chance, bias, or confounding          adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
could not be ruled


Third-party vendor management


We depend on third-party suppliers, outsourcers and                                   by a governmental authority or otherwise, to terminate our relationship with an
consultants, some of which are critical, to provide an                                existing supplier or outsourcer, this would decrease the number of available
uninterrupted supply of the products and services we need, as                         suppliers or outsourcers and could result in significantly increased costs, as well
                                                                                      as transitional, support, service, quality, or continuity issues; delay our ability to
well as comply with various obligations                                               deploy new network and other technologies and offer new products and services;
We depend on key third-party suppliers and outsourcers, over which we have no         and adversely affect our business and financial results.
operational or financial control, for products and services, some of which are
                                                                                      The use of third-party suppliers and the outsourcing of services generally involve
critical to our operations. If there are gaps in our vendor selection, governance,
                                                                                      transfer of risks, and we must take appropriate steps to ensure that our suppliers’
or oversight processes established to seek to ensure full risk transparency at
                                                                                      and outsourcers’ approach to risk management is aligned with our own standards
point of purchase and throughout the relationship, including any contract
                                                                                      in order to maintain continuity of supply and brand strength. Increased focus on
renegotiations, there is the potential for a breakdown in supply, which could
                                                                                      supplier risks in areas such as security, data and AI governance, privacy,
impact our ability to make sales, service customers, and achieve our business
                                                                                      responsible procurement and broader sustainability factors requires increased
and financial objectives. In addition, any such gap could result in suboptimal
                                                                                      attention given that supplier actions or omissions could have significant impacts
management of our vendor base, increased costs, and missed opportunities.
                                                                                      on our business, financial results, brand, and reputation. Furthermore, cloud-
Ongoing relationships must also be adequately managed in order to address
                                                                                      based supplier models have continued to evolve and grow and, while they offer
existing and new operational and compliance requirements. Some of our third-
                                                                                      many potential benefits, cloud-based services can also change the level or types
party suppliers and outsourcers are located in foreign countries, which increases
                                                                                      of risks. Accordingly, our procurement and vendor management practices must
the potential for a breakdown in supply due to the risks of operating in foreign
                                                                                      also continue to evolve to fully take into account the potential risks of cloud-based
jurisdictions with different laws, geopolitical environments, and cultures, as well
                                                                                      services.
as the potential for localized natural disasters. Concerns related to geopolitical
events, such as conflicts, could put pressure on our supply chain and require         In addition, certain company initiatives rely heavily on professional consulting
increased focus on supply chain diversification to support continuity.                services provided by third parties, and a failure of such third-party services may
                                                                                      not be reasonably evident until their work is delivered or delayed. Difficulties in
Increased market concentration among technology, equipment, software, cloud,
                                                                                      implementing remedial strategies in respect of professional consulting services
and content suppliers may heighten single- or limited-source dependency risks
                                                                                      provided by third parties that are not performed in a proper or timely fashion could
and reduce negotiating leverage.
                                                                                      have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with various obligations, including
We may have to select different third-party suppliers for equipment or other          applicable legal and accounting requirements.
products and services, or different outsourcers, in order to meet evolving internal
company policies and guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory requirements.
Should we decide, or be required




102      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A   Business risks


Other examples of risks associated with third-party suppliers and outsourcers          • If existing suppliers do not have appropriate alternative cloud-based products or
include the following:                                                                   services, our ability to complete desired migrations to the cloud could be limited
• We rely upon the successful implementation and execution of business                   or delayed
  continuity plans by our product and service suppliers. To the extent that such       • Failure to maintain strong discipline around vendor administration (especially
  plans do not successfully mitigate the impacts of the current global economic          around initial account setup) may mask potential financial or operational risks
  environment, geopolitical events, or other events, and our suppliers or                and complicate future problem resolutions
  vendors experience operational failures or inventory constraints, such failures      • If products and services important to our operations have manufacturing
  or constraints could result in, or amplify existing, supply chain disruptions that     defects or do not comply with applicable government regulations and standards
  could adversely affect our business. Incremental costs, delays, or                     (including product safety practices), our ability to sell products and provide
  unavailability of equipment, materials, products, or services, as well as              services on a timely basis may be negatively impacted. We work with our
  unavailability of our suppliers’ or contractors’ employees due to strikes,             suppliers to seek to identify serious product defects (including safety incidents)
  workforce reduction initiatives, or other factors, could impact sales and              and develop appropriate remedial strategies, which may include a recall of
  execution of our business strategy and adversely affect our business and               products. To the extent that a supplier does not actively participate in, and/or
  financial results.                                                                     bear primary financial responsibility for, a recall of its products, our ability to
• The current global economic environment and recent geopolitical events have            perform such recall programs at a reasonable cost and/or in a timely fashion
  given rise to inflationary pressures and sharp increases in prices, including          may be negatively impacted. Any of the events referred to above could have an
  the imposition of tariffs on certain products by some countries, which could           adverse effect on our business, reputation, and financial results.
  further increase pressure on the global supply chain and purchasing costs            • Products (including software) and services supplied to us may contain security
• Demand for products and services available from only a limited number of               issues including, but not limited to, latent security issues that would not be
  suppliers, some of which dominate their global market, may lead to decreased           apparent upon an inspection. Should we or a supplier fail to correct a security
  availability, increased costs, or delays in the delivery of such products and          issue in a timely fashion, there could be an adverse effect on our business,
  services, since suppliers may choose to favour global competitors that are             reputation, and financial results.
  larger than we are and, accordingly, purchase a larger volume of products            • We rely on other telecommunications carriers from time to time to deliver
  and services. In addition, production issues or geopolitical events affecting          services. Should these carriers fail to roll out new networks or fail to upgrade
  any such suppliers, or other suppliers, could result in decreased quantities or        existing networks, or should their networks be affected by operational failures
  a total lack of supply of products or services. Any of these events could              or service interruptions, such issues could adversely affect our ability to provide
  adversely impact our ability to meet customer commitments and demand.                  services using such carriers’ networks and could, consequently, have an
• Dependence on vendors that are new to evolving technology can create                   adverse effect on our business, reputation, and financial results.
  uncertainties and challenges due to an unproven track record and lack of             • BCE depends on call centre and technical support services provided by a
  alternate vendors, which could have an adverse effect on our operations                number of external suppliers and outsourcers, some of which are located in
• The cost of our transformation initiatives, due to significant legacy networks,        foreign countries. These vendors have access to customer and internal BCE
  IT systems, and a historical reliance on outsourced IT, could have an adverse          information necessary for the support services that they provide. Information
  effect on our financial results                                                        access and service delivery issues that are not managed appropriately may
• Overreliance on, or insufficient visibility into, our third-party IT vendor            have an adverse impact on our business, reputation, the quality and speed of
  relationships may expose us to operational IT risks, such as service                   services provided to customers, or our ability to address technical issues.
  disruptions and security vulnerabilities. Furthermore, unknown dependencies
  on third-party vendors can amplify these risks. Failure to adequately monitor
  and manage our direct and indirect IT vendor relationships could adversely
  affect our operations, data security, and overall business performance.
• The increased use of AI by our third-party vendors may further elevate our
  exposure to business, reputational, and compliance risks
• The insolvency of one or more of our suppliers could cause a breakdown in
  supply and have an adverse effect on our operations, including our ability to
  make sales or service customers, as well as on our financial results
• A suboptimal outsourcing model could result in the loss of key corporate
  knowledge, reduced efficiency and effectiveness, and impede the agile
  delivery of new products or technology
• Cloud-based solutions may increase the risk of security and data leakage
  exposure if security control protocols and configurations implemented by our
  cloud-based partners or suppliers, or by us where we retain responsibility for
  such protocols, are inadequate




                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT       103
10 MD&A   Accounting policies



10 Accounting policies
This section discusses key estimates and assumptions that management has made and how they affect the amounts reported in the
financial statements and notes. It also describes key changes in accounting standards and our accounting policies, and how they
affect our financial statements.
We have prepared our consolidated financial statements using IFRS Accounting Standards. Other significant accounting policies, not
involving the same level of measurement uncertainty as those discussed in this section, are nevertheless important to an
understanding of our financial statements. See Note 2, Material accounting policies, in BCE’s 2025 consolidated financial statements
for more information about the accounting principles we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements.

Critical accounting estimates and key judgments
When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and                The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life
judgments relating to:                                                                 intangible assets are determined by internal asset life studies, which take into
• reported amounts of revenues and expenses                                            account actual and expected future usage, physical wear and tear, replacement
                                                                                       history and assumptions about technology evolution. When factors indicate that
• reported amounts of assets and liabilities                                           assets’ useful lives are different from the prior assessment, we depreciate or
• disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities                                      amortize the remaining carrying value prospectively over the adjusted estimated
                                                                                       useful lives.
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to
historical experience, current events, economic and financial market conditions        Business acquisitions
such as interest rates, inflation and the risk of recession, geopolitical events and   We use various estimates, including replacement costs, customer churn and
supply chain disruptions, and actions that the company may undertake in the            discount rates, in determining the fair value assigned to assets acquired and
future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the          liabilities assumed in business acquisitions, in particular for property, plant and
circumstances. A change in these assumptions may have an impact on our                 equipment and intangible assets.
financial statements including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value
determination, expected credit losses and discount rates used for the present          Post-employment benefit plans
value of cash flows. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject
                                                                                       The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans
to measurement uncertainty and actual results could differ.
                                                                                       and OPEBs are determined using actuarial calculations that are based on several
We consider the estimates and judgments described in this section to be an             assumptions.
important part of understanding our financial statements because they require
                                                                                       Our actuaries perform a valuation at least every three years to determine the
management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at
                                                                                       actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plan and OPEB obligations.
the time the estimates and judgments were made, and changes to these
                                                                                       The actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things,
estimates and judgments could have a material impact on our financial
                                                                                       the discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of compensation increase, cost of living
statements and our segments.
                                                                                       indexation rate, trends in healthcare costs and expected average remaining years
Our senior management has reviewed the development and selection of the                of service of employees.
critical accounting estimates and judgments described in this section with the
                                                                                       While we believe that these assumptions are reasonable, differences in actual
Audit Committee of the BCE Board.
                                                                                       results or changes in assumptions could materially affect post-employment benefit
Any sensitivity analysis included in this section should be used with caution as       obligations and future net post-employment benefit plans cost.
the changes are hypothetical and the impact of changes in each key assumption
                                                                                       We account for differences between actual and expected results in benefit
may not be linear.
                                                                                       obligations and plan performance in OCI, which are then recognized immediately
Our more significant estimates and judgments are described below.                      in the deficit.
Estimates                                                                              The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment
                                                                                       benefit plans cost are the discount rate and life expectancy.
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life
intangible assets                                                                      A discount rate is used to determine the present value of the future cash flows that
                                                                                       we expect will be needed to settle post-employment benefit obligations.
We review our estimates of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment and
finite-life intangible assets on an annual basis and adjust depreciation or            The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed
amortization on a prospective basis, as required.                                      income investments, with maturities matching the estimated cash flows of the
                                                                                       post-employment benefit plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available
Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets represent a            Canadian mortality tables and is adjusted for the company’s specific experience.
significant proportion of our total assets. Changes in technology or our intended
use of these assets, climate change and our sustainability initiatives as well as      A lower discount rate and a higher life expectancy result in a higher net post-
changes in business prospects or economic and industry factors, may cause the          employment benefit obligation and a higher current service cost.
estimated useful lives of these assets to change.




104       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
10 MD&A    Accounting policies

Sensitivity analysis
The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit obligations and the net post-employment benefit
plans cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.
                                                                                                      Impact on net post-employment            Impact on post-employment benefit
                                                                                                        benefit plans cost for 2025 –          obligations at December 31, 2025 –
                                                                                                           increase (decrease)                          increase (decrease)
                                                                                       Change in       Increase in           Decrease in          Increase in            Decrease in
                                                                                      assumption       assumption            assumption           assumption             assumption

Discount rate                                                                              0.5%                (79)                     76            (1,026)                 1,102
Cost of living indexation rate                                                             0.5%                 54                      (42)             997                   (800)
Life expectancy at age 65                                                                 1 year                41                      (40)             782                   (782)



Revenue from contracts with customers                                                   During the third quarter of 2025, we recognized $976 million of impairment
We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from                charges for English and French TV services, radio markets and our OOH
contracts with customers, including estimating the stand-alone selling prices of        advertising business within our Bell Media segment. These charges included
products and services.                                                                  $554 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences,
                                                                                        spectrum and other licences and brands, $250 million allocated to program and
For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services               feature film rights, $103 million allocated to property, plant and equipment for
when they are separately identifiable and the customer can benefit from the             network, infrastructure and equipment and assets under construction, $47 million
product or service on its own or with other readily available resources. The total      allocated to software, $18 million allocated to prepaid expenses and inventory,
arrangement consideration is allocated to each product or service included in           and $4 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets mainly for trademarks. The
the contract with the customer based on its stand-alone selling price. We               impairment was determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their
generally determine stand-alone selling prices based on the observable prices at        fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using
which we sell products separately without a service contract and prices for             discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-
non-bundled service offers with the same range of services, adjusted for market         year cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior
conditions and other factors, as appropriate. When similar products and services        management for the period of September 1, 2025 to December 31, 2030, using
are not sold separately, we use the expected cost plus margin approach to               discount rates of 9% to 11% and perpetuity growth rates of (2%) to 2%, as well as
determine stand-alone selling prices. Products and services purchased by a              market multiple data from public companies and market transactions. A negative
customer in excess of those included in the bundled arrangement are accounted           change to any of these assumptions and projections may result in further
for separately.                                                                         impairment charges for certain groups of CGUs. After impairments, the carrying
                                                                                        value of the impacted CGUs was $352 million.
Impairment of non-financial assets
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually       We recorded $51 million of additional impairment charges in 2025 related to
and when there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. Property, plant         various assets within our Bell CTS Canada segment.
and equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if            During the third quarter of 2024, we recognized $958 million of impairment
events or changes in circumstances, assessed at each reporting period, indicate         charges for English and French TV services and radio markets within our Bell
that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of                   Media segment. These charges included $627 million allocated to indefinite-life
impairment testing, assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for      intangible assets for broadcast licences and brands, $144 million allocated to
which there are separately identifiable cash inflows.                                   program and feature film rights, $85 million allocated to property, plant and
Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying             equipment for network and infrastructure and equipment, $85 million allocated to
value of the assets over their recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable               software, $10 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets mainly for
amount is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.     trademarks, and $7 million allocated to prepaid expenses. The impairment was
Previously recognized impairment losses, other than those attributable to               determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less
goodwill, are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the         cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using both discounted
asset’s recoverable amount has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is         cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash flow
reversed.                                                                               projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior management for the
                                                                                        period of September 1, 2024 to December 31, 2029, using discount rates of 9% to
We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using                11% and perpetuity growth rates of (2%) to 0%, as well as market multiple data
discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods to test for impairment.         from public companies and market transactions. After impairments, the carrying
These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the             value of the impacted CGUs was $811 million.
number of years used in the cash flow model and the discount rate. When
impairment charges occur they are recorded in Impairment of assets.                     Additionally in 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $100 million related
                                                                                        mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we ceased using as part of
                                                                                        our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.




                                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT             105
10 MD&A   Accounting policies


Goodwill impairment testing                                                           The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration
                                                                                      given to the timing, sources and amounts of future taxable income.
We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each
of our CGUs or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated, and whenever            As required by IFRS Accounting Standards, we do not recognize or disclose
there is an indication that goodwill might be impaired.                               information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the Pillar Two model
                                                                                      rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development,
A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows
                                                                                      including tax law that implements qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes
that are independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.
                                                                                      described in those rules.
We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU
or group of CGUs to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU           Leases
or group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its       The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the
value in use. Both fair value less costs of disposal and value in use are based       measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities, including determining the
on estimates of discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods. Cash         appropriate discount rate used to measure lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are
flows are projected based on past experience, actual operating results and            initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at
business plans, including any impact from changes in interest rates and inflation.    the commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless
We recognize an impairment charge in the income statements by reducing the            the rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing
carrying value of goodwill when the recoverable amount of a CGU or group of           rate is derived from publicly available risk-free interest rates, adjusted for
CGUs to which goodwill is allocated is less than its carrying value. Any              applicable credit spreads and lease terms. We apply a single incremental
impairment charge in excess of the carrying value of the related goodwill             borrowing rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.
reduces the carrying value of each of the other assets of the corresponding
CGU or groups of CGUs on a pro rata basis, not below the recoverable amount           Fair value of financial instruments
of each asset.
                                                                                      Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative
For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or groups of CGUs            financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the
correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 3, Segmented                statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in
information, in BCE’s 2025 consolidated financial statements.                         the income statements and the statements of comprehensive income. Fair values
Any significant change in each of the estimates used could have a material            are estimated by reference to published price quotations or by using other
impact on the calculation of the recoverable amount and resulting impairment          valuation techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable
charge. As a result, we are unable to reasonably quantify the changes in our          market data, such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples.
overall financial performance if we had used different assumptions.
                                                                                      Contingencies
We cannot predict whether an event that triggers impairment will occur, when it
will occur or how it will affect the asset values we have reported.                   In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and
                                                                                      legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. Pending claims
We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on              and legal proceedings represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the
which the estimate of recoverable amount of the Bell CTS Canada group of              amount of a loss by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various litigation
CGUs is based would not cause its carrying amount to exceed its recoverable           and settlement strategies, based on information that is available at the time.
amount.
                                                                                      If the final resolution of a legal or regulatory matter results in a judgment against
For the Bell CTS U.S. group of CGUs, a decrease of 1.2% in the perpetuity             us or requires us to pay a large settlement, it could have a material adverse effect
growth rate or an increase of 1.0% in the discount rate would have resulted in its    on our consolidated financial statements in the period in which the judgment or
recoverable amount being equal to its carrying value.                                 settlement occurs.
For the Bell Media group of CGUs, a decrease of 2.1% in the perpetuity growth
rate or an increase of 1.2% in the discount rate would have resulted in its           Onerous contracts
recoverable amount being equal to its carrying value.                                 A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of
There were no goodwill impairment charges in 2025.                                    meeting our obligations under a contract exceed the expected benefits to be
                                                                                      received under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the
In Q3 2024, due to a continued decline in advertising demand and spending in
                                                                                      lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of
the linear advertising market for Bell Media TV services and radio markets, there
                                                                                      completing the contract.
was an indicator that goodwill might be impaired for the Bell Media group of
CGUs. Consequently, an impairment charge of $1,132 million was recognized in          Judgments
Impairment of assets in the income statements.
                                                                                      Post-employment benefit plans
Deferred taxes                                                                        The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are          obligations requires judgment. The rate is set by reference to market yields of
expected to apply when the asset or liability is recovered or settled. Both our       long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of
current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that   each fiscal year. Significant judgment is required when setting the criteria for fixed
have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.                     income investments to be included in the population from which the yield curve is
Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments         derived. The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments
in subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates, except where we control the       include the size of the issue and credit quality, along with the identification of
timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the        outliers, which are excluded.
temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




106       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
10 MD&A    Accounting policies


Income taxes                                                                                      with other readily available resources. When our right to consideration from a
The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and                   customer corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the products and
regulations. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax                   services transferred to date, we recognize revenue in the amount to which we
determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome               have a right to invoice. We recognize product revenues from the sale of wireless
of which could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and                           handsets and devices and wireline equipment when a customer takes possession
liabilities. Management believes that it has sufficient amounts accrued for                       of the product. We recognize service revenues over time, as the services are
outstanding tax matters based on information that is currently available.                         provided. Revenues on certain long-term contracts are recognized using output
                                                                                                  methods based on products delivered, performance completed to date, time
Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets                       elapsed or milestones met.
and liabilities to be recognized. In particular, judgment is required when
assessing the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future                     Additionally, the determination of costs to obtain a contract, including the
income tax rates are applied.                                                                     identification of incremental costs, also requires judgment. Incremental costs of
                                                                                                  obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales commissions,
Leases                                                                                            and prepaid contract fulfillment costs are included in Contract costs in the
                                                                                                  statements of financial position, except where the amortization period is one year
The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the
                                                                                                  or less, in which case costs of obtaining a contract are immediately expensed.
measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities. A lease contract conveys the
                                                                                                  Capitalized costs are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the
right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                                                                                                  period and pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.
consideration. At inception of the contract, we assess whether the contract
contains an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain substantially all               CGUs
of the economic benefits from use of the asset and whether we have the right to
direct how and for what purpose the asset is used. In determining the lease                       The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment
term, we include periods covered by renewal options when we are reasonably                        testing requires judgment.
certain to exercise those options. Similarly, we include periods covered by                       Contingencies
termination options when we are reasonably certain not to exercise those
options. To assess if we are reasonably certain to exercise an option, we                         The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal
consider all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to                         proceedings and whether an outflow of resources is likely requires judgment.
exercise renewal options (or not exercise termination options). Economic                          We accrue a potential loss if we believe a loss is probable and an outflow of
incentives include the costs related to the termination of the lease, the                         resources is likely and can be reasonably estimated, based on information that is
significance of any leasehold improvements and the importance of the                              available at the time. Any accrual would be charged to earnings and included in
underlying assets to our operations.                                                              Trade payables and other liabilities or Other non-current liabilities. Any payment
                                                                                                  as a result of a judgment or cash settlement would be deducted from cash from
Revenue from contracts with customers                                                             operating activities. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing potential
The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of                 outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement strategies.
satisfaction of performance obligations under long-term contracts requires
judgment. For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and
services when they are separately identifiable and the customer can benefit from
the product or service on its own or

Future changes to accounting standards
The following accounting standard and amendments to accounting standards issued by the IASB have not yet been adopted by BCE.
Standard                              Description                                                                                Impact                         Effective date
IFRS 18 – Presentation                Sets out requirements and guidance on presentation and disclosure in financial             We are currently assessing     Annual reporting periods
and Disclosure in                     statements, including:                                                                     the impact of this standard.   beginning on or after
Financial Statements                                                                                                                                            January 1, 2027. Early
                                      • presentation in the income statements of income and expenses within defined
                                                                                                                                                                application is permitted.
                                        categories – operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued operations
                                      • presentation in the income statements of new defined subtotals – operating profit and
                                        profit before financing and income taxes
                                      • disclosure of explanations of management-defined performance measures that are
                                        related to the income statements
                                      • enhanced guidance on aggregation and disaggregation of information and whether to
                                        provide information in the financial statements or in the notes
                                      • disclosure of specified expenses by nature
                                      IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements but carries forward many
                                      of the requirements from IAS 1 unchanged.
Amendments to the Classification In particular, the amendments clarify:                                                          These amendments will not      Annual reporting periods
and Measurement of Financial                                                                                                     have a significant impact on   beginning on or after
                                 • the classification of financial assets with environmental, social and corporate
Instruments – Amendments to                                                                                                      our financial statements.      January 1, 2026.
                                    governance and similar features
IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
                                 • the derecognition date for financial liabilities and introduce an accounting policy option
                                    for financial liabilities settled using an electronic payment system if certain conditions
                                    are met
                                      The amendments also require additional disclosures for financial instruments with
                                      contractual terms that reference a contingent event and equity instruments classified at
                                      fair value through OCI.




                                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT            107
11 MD&A     Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)



11 Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial
   measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)
BCE uses various financial measures to assess its business performance.                               • Total of segments measures
Certain of these measures are calculated in accordance with IFRS Accounting                           • Capital management measures
Standards or GAAP while certain other measures do not have a standardized
meaning under GAAP. We believe that our GAAP financial measures, read                                 • Supplementary financial measures
together with adjusted non-GAAP and other financial measures, provide readers                         This section provides a description and classification of the specified financial
with a better understanding of how management assesses BCE’s performance.                             measures contemplated by NI 52-112 that we use to explain our financial results
National Instrument 52-112, Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures                                     except that, for supplementary financial measures, an explanation of such
Disclosure (NI 52-112), prescribes disclosure requirements that apply to the                          measures is provided where they are first referred to in this MD&A if the
following specified financial measures:                                                               supplementary financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently descriptive.
• Non-GAAP financial measures
• Non-GAAP ratios




11.1 Non-GAAP financial measures
A non-GAAP financial measure is a financial measure used to depict our                                We believe that non-GAAP financial measures are reflective of our ongoing
historical or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash                       operating results and provide readers with an understanding of management’s
flow and, with respect to its composition, either excludes an amount that is                          perspective on and analysis of our performance.
included in, or includes an amount that is excluded from, the composition of the                      Below are descriptions of the non-GAAP financial measures that we use to
most directly comparable financial measure disclosed in BCE’s consolidated                            explain our results as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable
primary financial statements.                                                                         financial measures under IFRS Accounting Standards.

Adjusted net earnings
The term adjusted net earnings does not have any standardized meaning under                           We use adjusted net earnings and we believe that certain investors and analysts
IFRS Accounting Standards. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar                      use this measure, among other ones, to assess the performance of our
measures presented by other issuers.                                                                  businesses without the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net
We define adjusted net earnings as net earnings (loss) attributable to common                         mark-to-market losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity
shareholders before severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market                        settled share-based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments
losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-                        in associates and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, net early debt
based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in                                 redemption costs (gains), impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net
associates and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, net early debt                      of tax and NCI. We exclude these items because they affect the comparability of
redemption costs (gains), impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net                       our financial results and could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business
of tax and NCI.                                                                                       performance. Excluding these items does not imply they are non-recurring.
                                                                                                      The most directly comparable financial measure under IFRS Accounting
                                                                                                      Standards is net earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders.

The following table is a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to common shareholders to adjusted net earnings on a consolidated basis.

                                                                                                                                Q4 2025          Q4 2024             2025             2024
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                                                                    594             461             6,305             163
Reconciling items:
      Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                        147             154              517              454
      Net mark-to-market (gains) losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
         compensation plans                                                                                                          (2)            198                 9             269
      Net equity losses on investments in associates and joint ventures                                                               –                –                –             247
      Net (gains) losses on investments                                                                                             (52)               1           (5,217)             (57)
      Net early debt redemption gains                                                                                               (46)               –             (249)               –
      Impairment of assets                                                                                                           40                4            1,027            2,190
      Income taxes for the above reconciling items                                                                                  (38)             (99)            217              (467)
      NCI for the above reconciling items                                                                                             –                –               (8)             (26)
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                               643             719             2,601            2,773




108         BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
11 MD&A   Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


Available liquidity
The term available liquidity does not have any standardized meaning under                           The following table is a reconciliation of cash to available liquidity on a
IFRS Accounting Standards. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar                    consolidated basis.
measures presented by other issuers.
                                                                                                                                                                 December 31, 2025        December 31, 2024
We define available liquidity as cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments
and amounts available under our securitized receivables program and our                             Cash                                                                          314                    1,572
committed bank credit facilities, excluding credit facilities that are available                    Cash equivalents                                                                 6                        –
exclusively for a pre-determined purpose.                                                           Short-term investments                                                           –                     400
We consider available liquidity to be an important indicator of the financial                       Amounts available under our securitized
strength and performance of our businesses because it shows the funds                                 receivables program (1)                                                     700                      700
available to meet our cash requirements, including for, but not limited to, capital                 Amounts available under our committed bank
expenditures, post-employment benefit plans funding, dividend payments, the                           credit facilities (2)                                                     1,450                    1,810
payment of contractual obligations, maturing debt, ongoing operations, the                          Available liquidity                                                         2,470                    4,482
acquisition of spectrum, and other cash requirements. We believe that certain
investors and analysts use available liquidity to evaluate the financial strength                   (1) At December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, $700 million was available under our securitized
                                                                                                        receivables program, under which we borrowed $1,163 million in U.S. dollars ($1,594 million in Canadian
and performance of our businesses. The most directly comparable financial                               dollars) and $1,112 million in U.S. dollars ($1,600 million in Canadian dollars) as at December 31, 2025
measure under IFRS Accounting Standards is cash.                                                        and December 31, 2024, respectively. Loans secured by receivables are included in Debt due within one
                                                                                                        year in our consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                    (2) At December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, $1,450 million and $1,810 million were
                                                                                                        available under our committed bank credit facilities, given outstanding commercial paper of $1,861 million
                                                                                                        in U.S. dollars ($2,550 million in Canadian dollars) and $1,522 million in U.S. dollars ($2,190 million in
                                                                                                        Canadian dollars) as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Commercial paper
                                                                                                        outstanding is included in Debt due within one year in our consolidated financial statements


Free cash flow, free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities and excess free cash flow
The terms free cash flow, free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities and                     We define excess free cash flow as free cash flow less dividends paid on common
excess free cash flow do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS                               shares.
Accounting Standards. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar                      We consider free cash flow, free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities and
measures presented by other issuers.                                                                excess free cash flow to be important indicators of the financial strength and
We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash                    performance of our businesses. Free cash flow and free cash flow after payment
from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid (which include                       of lease liabilities show how much cash is available to pay dividends on common
significant litigation costs) and voluntary pension funding, less capital                           shares, repay debt and reinvest in our company. Excess free cash flow shows
expenditures, preferred share dividends and dividends paid by subsidiaries to                       how much cash is available to repay debt and reinvest in our company, after the
NCI. We exclude cash from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs                      payment of dividends on common shares. We believe that certain investors and
paid and voluntary pension funding because they affect the comparability of our                     analysts use free cash flow, free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities and
financial results and could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business                  excess free cash flow to value a business and its underlying assets and to
performance. Excluding these items does not imply they are non-recurring.                           evaluate the financial strength and performance of our businesses. The most
We define free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities as cash flows from                      directly comparable financial measure under IFRS Accounting Standards is cash
operating activities, excluding cash from discontinued operations, acquisition                      flows from operating activities.
and other costs paid (which include significant litigation costs) and voluntary                     In Q1 2026, we will update our definitions of free cash flow, free cash flow after
pension funding, less principal payment of lease liabilities, capital expenditures,                 payment of lease liabilities and excess free cash flow to exclude income taxes
preferred share dividends and dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI. We                             paid on significant divestitures included within cash flows from operating activities.
exclude cash from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid and                     This change does not impact the amounts for free cash flow, free cash flow after
voluntary pension funding because they affect the comparability of our financial                    payment of lease liabilities and excess free cash flow previously presented. We
results and could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business                            exclude this item as it could affect the comparability of our financial results and
performance. Excluding these items does not imply they are non-recurring.                           potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding this
                                                                                                    item does not imply it is non-recurring.




                                                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT                   109
11 MD&A    Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)

The following tables provide reconciliations of cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow, free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities and excess free cash
flow on a consolidated basis.
                                                                                                                     2025     Q4 2025    Q3 2025     Q2 2025         Q1 2025
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                 6,993      1,561      1,914        1,947          1,571
Capital expenditures                                                                                                (3,700)    (1,317)      (891)        (763)          (729)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                               (151)       (46)       (28)         (38)           (39)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                                             (51)       (13)       (25)           –            (13)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                       87         40         33             6              8
Free cash flow                                                                                                       3,178       225       1,003        1,152            798
Principal payment of lease liabilities                                                                              (1,127)      (248)      (297)        (278)          (304)
Free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities                                                                    2,051        (23)      706          874             494

                                                                                                          2024     Q4 2024    Q3 2024    Q2 2024     Q1 2024            2023

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                     6,988       1,877      1,842      2,137        1,132          7,946
Capital expenditures                                                                                     (3,897)      (963)      (954)      (978)      (1,002)        (4,581)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                   (187)        (53)       (43)       (45)         (46)          (182)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                                  (68)       (12)       (14)       (28)         (14)           (47)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                            52         25           1         11          15               8
Free cash flow                                                                                           2,888        874        832       1,097          85           3,144
Principal payment of lease liabilities                                                                   (1,142)      (270)      (305)      (270)        (297)        (1,049)
Free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities                                                        1,746        604        527        827          (212)         2,095


                                                                                                                     2025     Q4 2025    Q3 2025     Q2 2025         Q1 2025

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                 6,993      1,561      1,914        1,947          1,571
Capital expenditures                                                                                                (3,700)    (1,317)      (891)        (763)          (729)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                               (151)       (46)       (28)         (38)           (39)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                                             (51)       (13)       (25)           –            (13)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                       87         40         33             6              8
Free cash flow                                                                                                       3,178       225       1,003        1,152            798
Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                     (2,026)      (408)      (408)        (608)          (602)
Excess free cash flow                                                                                                1,152       (183)      595          544             196

                                                                                                          2024     Q4 2024    Q3 2024    Q2 2024     Q1 2024            2023
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                     6,988       1,877      1,842      2,137        1,132          7,946
Capital expenditures                                                                                     (3,897)      (963)      (954)      (978)      (1,002)        (4,581)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                   (187)        (53)       (43)       (45)         (46)          (182)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                                  (68)       (12)       (14)       (28)         (14)           (47)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                            52         25           1         11          15               8
Free cash flow                                                                                           2,888        874        832       1,097          85           3,144
Dividends paid on common shares                                                                          (3,613)      (910)      (910)      (910)        (883)        (3,486)
Excess free cash flow                                                                                     (725)        (36)       (78)      187          (798)          (342)




110       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
11 MD&A   Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


Net debt
The term net debt does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS                                 Net debt is calculated using several asset and liability categories from the
Accounting Standards. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar                         statements of financial position. The most directly comparable financial measure
measures presented by other issuers.                                                                under IFRS Accounting Standards is long-term debt. The following table is a
We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and 50% of                       reconciliation of long-term debt to net debt on a consolidated basis.
outstanding preferred shares, less 50% of junior subordinated debt included                                                                          December 31, 2025    December 31, 2024
within long-term debt, and less cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments, as shown in BCE’s consolidated statements of financial position.                       Long-term debt                                             34,904               32,835
In Q1 2025, we updated our definition of net debt to include 50% of junior                          Less: 50% of junior subordinated debt                       (2,149)                   –
subordinated debt. This change does not impact the net debt amounts                                 Debt due within one year                                    6,155                7,669
previously presented. We include 50% of outstanding preferred shares and 50%                        50% of preferred shares                                     1,644                1,767
of junior subordinated debt in our net debt as it is consistent with the treatment                  Cash                                                         (314)               (1,572)
by certain credit rating agencies and given structural features including priority of               Cash equivalents                                                (6)                   –
payments.
                                                                                                    Short-term investments                                           –                (400)
We, and certain investors and analysts, consider net debt to be an important
indicator of the company’s financial leverage.                                                      Net debt                                                   40,234               40,299




11.2 Non-GAAP ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure disclosed in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation and that has a non-GAAP financial measure as
one or more of its components.

Adjusted EPS
The term adjusted EPS does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS                             net mark-to-market losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge
Accounting Standards. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar                         equity settled share-based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on
measures presented by other issuers.                                                                investments in associates and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments,
We define adjusted EPS as adjusted net earnings per BCE common share.                               net early debt redemption costs (gains), impairment of assets and discontinued
Adjusted net earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further details on                       operations, net of tax and NCI. We exclude these items because they affect the
adjusted net earnings, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures.                               comparability of our financial results and could potentially distort the analysis of
                                                                                                    trends in business performance. Excluding these items does not imply they are
We use adjusted EPS, and we believe that certain investors and analysts use                         non-recurring.
this measure, among other ones, to assess the performance of our businesses
without the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs,


Dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio after payment of lease liabilities
The terms dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio after payment of lease                    flow and free cash flow after payment of lease liabilities are non-GAAP financial
liabilities do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS Accounting                              measures. For further details on free cash flow and free cash flow after payment
Standards. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures                        of lease liabilities, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures.
presented by other issuers.                                                                         We consider dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio after payment of
We define dividend payout ratio as dividends paid on common shares divided by                       lease liabilities to be important indicators of the financial strength and
free cash flow. We define dividend payout ratio after payment of lease liabilities                  performance of our businesses because they show the sustainability of the
as dividends paid on common shares divided by free cash flow after payment of                       company’s dividend payments.
lease liabilities. Free cash




                                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT        111
11 MD&A     Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)




11.3 Total of segments measures
A total of segments measure is a financial measure that is a subtotal or total of 2 or more reportable segments and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated
primary financial statements.

Adjusted EBITDA and Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA
We define adjusted EBITDA as operating revenues less operating costs.
We define Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA as BCE adjusted EBITDA less Bell Media adjusted EBITDA.
The most directly comparable financial measure under IFRS Accounting Standards is net earnings (loss). The following tables provide reconciliations of net earnings
(loss) to BCE adjusted EBITDA and Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA.
                                                                                                                      2025     Q4 2025    Q3 2025    Q2 2025    Q1 2025
Net earnings                                                                                                          6,514       632       4,555       644        683
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                 517        147         82         41        247
Depreciation                                                                                                          3,861      1,002       969        949        941
Amortization                                                                                                          1,377       368        340        338        331
Finance costs
      Interest expense                                                                                                1,775       453        457        442        423
      Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                                      (102)       (25)       (26)       (26)       (25)
Impairment of assets                                                                                                  1,027        40        970           8          9
Net (gains) losses on investments                                                                                    (5,217)       (52)    (5,175)         8          2
Other (income) expense                                                                                                 (287)      (102)       95         30        (310)
Income taxes                                                                                                          1,193       201        495        240        257
BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                 10,658       2,664      2,762      2,674      2,558
Less: Bell Media adjusted EBITDA                                                                                       (782)      (151)      (237)      (235)      (159)
Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA                                                                                              9,876      2,513      2,525      2,439      2,399


                                                                                                           2024     Q4 2024    Q3 2024    Q2 2024    Q1 2024      2023

Net earnings (loss)                                                                                         375        505      (1,191)      604        457       2,327
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                      454        154         49         22        229        200
Depreciation                                                                                               3,758       933        934        945        946       3,745
Amortization                                                                                               1,283       317        325        325        316       1,173
Finance costs
      Interest expense                                                                                     1,713       431        440        426        416       1,475
      Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                            (66)       (17)       (16)       (17)       (16)      (108)
Impairment of assets                                                                                       2,190          4      2,113        60         13        143
Net (gains) losses on investments                                                                            (57)         1        (66)         2          6        (80)
Other expense                                                                                               362        102        129         99         32        546
Income taxes                                                                                                577        175           5       231        166        996
BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                       10,589      2,605      2,722      2,697      2,565    10,417
Less: Bell Media adjusted EBITDA                                                                            (758)      (169)      (254)      (218)      (117)      (697)
Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA                                                                                   9,831      2,436      2,468      2,479      2,448      9,720




112        BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
11 MD&A   Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)




11.4 Capital management measures
A capital management measure is a financial measure that is intended to enable                      The financial reporting framework used to prepare the financial statements
a reader to evaluate our objectives, policies and processes for managing our                        requires disclosure that helps readers assess the company’s capital management
capital and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated financial                           objectives, policies, and processes, as set out in IFRS Accounting Standards in
statements.                                                                                         IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements. BCE has its own methods for
                                                                                                    managing capital and liquidity, and IFRS Accounting Standards do not prescribe
                                                                                                    any particular calculation method.

Net debt leverage ratio
The net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA.                         We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the net debt leverage
Net debt used in the calculation of the net debt leverage ratio is a non-GAAP                       ratio as a measure of financial leverage.
financial measure. For further details on net debt, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP
financial measures. For the purposes of calculating our net debt leverage ratio,
adjusted EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.




11.5 Supplementary financial measures
A supplementary financial measure is a financial measure that is not reported in                    An explanation of such measures is provided where they are first referred to in
BCE’s consolidated financial statements, and is, or is intended to be, reported                     this MD&A if the supplementary financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently
periodically to represent historical or expected future financial performance,                      descriptive.
financial position, or cash flows.




11.6 KPIs
In addition to the non-GAAP financial measures and other financial measures described previously, we use the following KPIs to measure the success of our strategic
priorities. These KPIs are not accounting measures and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.

KPI                                    Definition
Adjusted EBITDA margin                 Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.
ARPU                                   ARPU is defined as Bell CTS Canada wireless external services revenues divided by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified period,
                                       expressed as a dollar unit per month.
Capital intensity                      Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.
Churn                                  Mobile phone churn is the rate at which existing mobile phone subscribers cancel their services. It is a measure of our ability to retain our customers.
                                       Mobile phone churn is calculated by dividing the number of mobile phone deactivations during a given period by the average number of mobile phone
                                       subscribers in the base for the specified period and is expressed as a percentage per month.
Subscriber unit                        Mobile phone subscriber unit is comprised of a recurring revenue generating portable unit (e.g. smartphones and feature phones) on an active service
                                       plan, that has access to our wireless networks and includes voice, text and/or data connectivity. We report mobile phone subscriber units in two
                                       categories: postpaid and prepaid. Prepaid mobile phone subscriber units are considered active for a period of 90 days following the expiry of the
                                       subscriber’s prepaid balance.
                                       Mobile connected device subscriber unit is comprised of a recurring revenue generating portable unit (e.g. tablets, wearables, mobile Internet devices
                                       and IoT) on an active service plan, that has access to our wireless networks and is intended for limited or no cellular voice capability.
                                       Wireline subscriber unit consists of an active revenue-generating unit with access to our services, including retail Internet, IPTV, and/or residential NAS. A
                                       subscriber is included in our subscriber base when the service has been installed and is operational at the customer premise and a billing relationship
                                       has been established.
                                       • Retail Internet and IPTV subscribers have access to stand-alone services, and are primarily represented by a dwelling unit or a business location
                                       • Retail residential NAS subscribers are based on a line count and are represented by a unique telephone number




                                                                                                                                                BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT             113
12 MD&A   Effectiveness of internal controls



12 Effectiveness of internal controls
Disclosure controls and procedures
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable            acquired on August 1, 2025, to the extent such disclosure controls and
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or        procedures are subsumed by internal control over financial reporting. The
submitted under Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed,            contribution of Ziply Fiber operations to our consolidated financial statements for
summarized and reported within the time periods specified under those laws,          the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately 2% of consolidated
and include controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the             revenues and (1%) of consolidated net earnings. Additionally, at December 31,
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s           2025, the current assets and current liabilities of Ziply Fiber represented
President and CEO and EVP and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), to allow timely         approximately 2% and 2% of our consolidated current assets and current
decisions regarding required disclosure.                                             liabilities, respectively, and the non-current assets and non-current liabilities of
As at December 31, 2025, management evaluated, under the supervision of and          Ziply Fiber represented approximately 12% and 1% of our consolidated
with the participation of the CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our              non-current assets and non-current liabilities, respectively. The design and
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the U.S.      evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures of Ziply Fiber will be
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument           completed for the third quarter of 2026. Further details related to the acquisition of
52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.         Ziply Fiber are disclosed in Note 4, Business acquisitions and disposition, in
                                                                                     BCE’s 2025 consolidated financial statements.
The CEO and CFO of BCE Inc. have limited the scope of their design and
evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures to exclude the disclosure       Based on that evaluation, which excluded the disclosure controls and procedures
controls and procedures of Ziply Fiber, which we                                     of Ziply Fiber, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and
                                                                                     procedures were effective as at December 31, 2025.

Internal control over financial reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal         Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the U.S.        CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument           as at December 31, 2025, based on the criteria established in Internal Control –
52-109. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under    Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
the supervision of the CEO and CFO, and effected by the Board, management            Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The CEO and CFO have
and other personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the            limited the scope of their design and evaluation of our internal control over
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for   financial reporting to exclude the internal control over financial reporting of Ziply
external purposes in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by          Fiber, as further discussed in Management’s report on internal control over
the IASB. However, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over        financial reporting.
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis.       Based on that evaluation, which excluded the internal control over financial
                                                                                     reporting of Ziply Fiber, the CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over
                                                                                     financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2025.


Changes in internal control over financial reporting
No changes were made in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.




114       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                              Exhibit 99.3




Consolidated financial statements
Table of contents
Management's responsibility for financial reporting                     2
Report of independent registered public accounting firm                 3
Report of independent registered public accounting firm                 5
Consolidated income statements                                          6
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income                         7
Consolidated statements of financial position                           8
Consolidated statements of changes in equity                            9
Consolidated statements of cash flows                                  10
Notes to consolidated financial statements                             11
    Note 1 Corporate information                                       11
    Note 2    Material accounting policies                             11
    Note 3    Segmented information                                    22
    Note 4    Business acquisitions and disposition                    25
    Note 5    Operating costs                                          28
    Note 6    Severance, acquisition and other costs                   28
    Note 7    Interest expense                                         28
    Note 8    Impairment of assets                                     29
    Note 9    Net gains on investments                                 30
    Note 10    Other income (expense)                                  30
    Note 11    Income taxes                                            31
    Note 12    Earnings per share                                      33
    Note 13    Trade and other receivables                             33
    Note 14    Inventory                                               34
    Note 15    Contract assets and liabilities                         34
    Note 16    Contract costs                                          34
    Note 17    Assets and liabilities held for sale                    35
    Note 18    Property, plant and equipment                           37
    Note 19    Leases                                                  38
    Note 20    Intangible assets                                       40
    Note 21    Investments in associates and joint ventures            41
    Note 22    Other non-current assets                                41
    Note 23    Goodwill                                                42
    Note 24    Trade payables and other liabilities                    43
    Note 25    Debt due within one year                                44
    Note 26    Long-term debt                                          46
    Note 27    Provisions                                              49
    Note 28    Post-employment benefit plans                           49
    Note 29    Other non-current liabilities                           53
    Note 30    Financial and capital management                        54
    Note 31    Share capital                                           61
    Note 32    Share-based payments                                    63
    Note 33    Additional cash flow information                        65
    Note 34    Remaining performance obligations                       66
    Note 35    Commitments and contingencies                           67
    Note 36    Related party transactions                              68
    Note 37    Significant partly-owned subsidiary                     69




                                                                        1
Management's responsibility for financial reporting
These financial statements form the basis for all of the financial information that appears in this report.
The financial statements and all of the information in this report are the responsibility of the management of BCE Inc. (BCE) and have been
reviewed and approved by the board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its financial
reporting responsibilities. Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, have audited the financial statements.
Management has prepared the financial statements in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. Under these principles, management has made certain estimates and assumptions that are reflected in the
financial statements and notes. Management believes that these financial statements fairly present BCE’s consolidated financial position,
results of operations and cash flows.
Management has a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements are accurate and
complete in all material respects. This is supported by an internal audit group that reports to the Audit Committee, and includes
communication with employees about policies for ethical business conduct. Management believes that the internal controls provide
reasonable assurance that our financial records are reliable and form a proper basis for preparing the financial statements, and that our
assets are properly accounted for and safeguarded.
The board of directors has appointed an Audit Committee, which is made up of unrelated and independent directors. The Audit Committee’s
responsibilities include reviewing the financial statements and other information in this report, and recommending them to the board of
directors for approval. You will find a description of the Audit Committee’s other responsibilities in this report. The internal auditors and the
shareholders’ auditors have free and independent access to the Audit Committee.


(signed) Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer


(signed) Curtis Millen
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer


(signed) Thierry Chaumont
Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
March 5, 2026




2 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on the financial statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial position of BCE Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025, the
related consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for
the year then ended, and the related notes, (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2025 and its
financial performance and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated
March 5, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical audit matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Estimation of recoverable amount of goodwill and intangible assets - Bell Media
Description of the matter
As discussed in Notes 2, 8, 20 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets within the Bell
Media group (“Bell Media”) cash generating units (“CGUs”) or group of CGUs are tested at least annually for impairment or more frequently
when indicators of impairment are identified. During the third quarter of 2025, the decline in legacy advertising demand and spending in the
linear advertising market was identified as an impairment indicator for certain Bell Media CGUs. The estimate of the recoverable amount of
the CGUs and group of CGUs is based on the fair value less costs to sell using discounted cash flows and market approaches. As a result
of this assessment, management recognized aggregate impairment charges of $976 million for intangible and other assets of the English
and French TV services, radio markets and out of home advertising business within the Bell Media segment.
Auditing the recoverable amounts of certain CGUs within, and the group of CGUs comprising, the Bell Media segment was determined to be
a critical audit matter as it involved significant auditor judgement primarily due to the sensitivity of the estimated recoverable amounts to
underlying significant assumptions. Significant assumptions included operating cash flow projections, market multiple data, discount rates
and perpetuity growth rates. The significant assumptions used in the valuation models are forward-looking, and changes in these
assumptions can have a material effect on the determination of the recoverable amount.




                                                                                                                                               3
How we addressed the matter in our audit
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s impairment
assessment processes. Our procedures included testing controls over management’s review of the valuation models and the determination
of the significant assumptions described above.
Our audit procedures to test management’s impairment assessment included, among others, assessing the valuation methodologies and
significant assumptions mentioned above and the underlying data used to develop such assumptions. We compared the operating cash flow
forecasts used to estimate the recoverable amount to historical results, plans communicated to senior management and/or to underlying
documentation and external market and industry data. With the involvement of our valuation specialists, we assessed the valuation
methodologies applied, developed an independent range of reasonable discount rates and compared those to the Company's rates,
assessed the perpetuity growth rate for certain CGUs and the group of CGUs for reasonableness based on publicly available market data,
and evaluated market multiples applied for certain CGUs and the group of CGUs against precedent transactions and comparable public
information. We performed sensitivity analyses over the Company's significant assumptions to determine the impact of such changes on the
recoverable amount of certain CGUs and the group of CGUs.

Acquisition of Ziply Fiber - Valuation of certain network infrastructure and equipment assets
Description of the matter
As disclosed in Notes 1, 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, on August 1, 2025, the Company acquired Northwest Fiber
Holdco, LLC (doing business as Ziply Fiber (“Ziply Fiber”)) for cash consideration of $5.01 billion. The net identifiable assets acquired were
recognized at their fair value as of the acquisition date, which included $2.97 billion related to network infrastructure and equipment assets.
This required estimates in determining the replacement cost of Ziply Fiber’s network infrastructure and equipment assets acquired.
Auditing the Company’s valuation of certain network infrastructure and equipment assets in the acquisition of Ziply Fiber was determined to
be a critical audit matter as it involved a high degree of auditor judgement in evaluating the valuation methodologies and replacement cost
assumptions used by management. Additionally, the audit effort associated with these assumptions required the involvement of our
valuation specialists.
How we addressed the matter in our audit
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management’s process for
estimating the fair value of the network infrastructure and equipment assets, including replacement cost assumptions.
To test the fair value of certain of the Company’s acquired network infrastructure and equipment assets, we performed audit procedures that
included, among others, involving our valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the Company’s valuation
methodologies and significant assumptions used. We assessed the reasonability of replacement cost assumptions by comparing to
historical records of Ziply Fiber for a sample of underlying network infrastructure and equipment assets. We involved our valuation
specialists to assist in our evaluation of the replacement cost assumptions for a sample of certain network infrastructure and equipment
assets by comparing to historical records of Ziply Fiber and to available market data.



/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2024.
Montréal, Canada
March 5, 2026




4 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on the financial statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial position of BCE Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as at
December 31, 2024, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows,
for the year ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2024, and its financial
performance and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024, in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

Basis for opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.



/s/ Deloitte LLP



Chartered Professional Accountants
Montréal, Canada
March 6, 2025


We began serving as the Company’s auditor in 1880. In 2025 we became the predecessor auditor.




                                                                                                                                             5
Consolidated income statements
For the year ended December 31
(in millions of Canadian dollars, except share amounts)                                                                       Note      2025       2024
Operating revenues                                                                                                              3     24,468     24,409
Operating costs                                                                                                          3,     5    (13,810)   (13,820)
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                          6       (517)      (454)
Depreciation                                                                                                                   18     (3,861)    (3,758)
Amortization                                                                                                                   20     (1,377)    (1,283)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                                             7     (1,775)    (1,713)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                                                 28        102         66
Impairment of assets                                                                                               8,   18,    20     (1,027)    (2,190)
Net gains on investments                                                                                                        9      5,217         57
Other income (expense) (1)                                                                                                     10        287       (362)
Income taxes                                                                                                                   11     (1,193)      (577)
Net earnings                                                                                                                           6,514        375
Net earnings attributable to:
  Common shareholders                                                                                                                  6,305       163
  Preferred shareholders                                                                                                                 155       181
  Non-controlling interest                                                                                                     37         54        31
Net earnings                                                                                                                           6,514       375
Net earnings per common share - basic and diluted                                                                              12       6.79       0.18
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic (millions)                                                        12      929.1      912.3
(1) We have presented amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation of the current period.




6 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income
For the year ended December 31
(in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                    Note    2025    2024
Net earnings                                                                                                                6,514    375
Other comprehensive income, net of income taxes
  Items that will be subsequently reclassified to net earnings
       Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes of
         ($201) million and $144 million for 2025 and 2024, respectively                                                     551     (393)
       Loss on cumulative translation adjustment                                                                              (37)     —
   Items that will not be reclassified to net earnings
       Actuarial gains on post-employment benefit plans, net of income taxes of ($229) million and ($213) million
         for 2025 and 2024, respectively                                                                              28     630     583
       Net change in value of publicly-traded and privately-held investments, net of income taxes of ($40) million
         and ($38) million for 2025 and 2024, respectively                                                                   253     239
       Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes of $6 million and
         ($21) million for 2025 and 2024, respectively                                                                        (15)    59
Other comprehensive income                                                                                                  1,382    488
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                  7,896    863
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Common shareholders                                                                                                        7,689    648
 Preferred shareholders                                                                                                       155    181
  Non-controlling interest                                                                                            37       52     34
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                  7,896    863




                                                                                                                                           7
Consolidated statements of financial position
(in millions of Canadian dollars)                       Note   December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024
ASSETS
Current assets
  Cash                                                                      314               1,572
  Cash equivalents                                                            6                  —
  Short-term investments                                                     —                  400
  Trade and other receivables                             13              4,474               4,489
  Inventory                                        8,     14                389                 420
  Contract assets                                        15                 575                 477
  Contract costs                                         16                 849                 702
  Prepaid expenses                                         8                379                 259
  Other current assets                                                      414                 524
  Assets held for sale                                   17                   7                  80
Total current assets                                                      7,407               8,923
Non-current assets
   Contract assets                                    15                    272                 282
   Contract costs                                     16                    959                 888
   Property, plant and equipment                   8, 18                 33,541              30,001
   Intangible assets                               8, 20                 17,234              16,786
   Deferred tax assets                                 11                   178                 136
   Investments in associates and joint ventures        21                   396                 341
   Post-employment benefit assets                      28                 4,310               3,578
   Other non-current assets                            22                 2,637               2,289
   Goodwill                                        4, 23                 13,231              10,261
Total non-current assets                                                 72,758              64,562
Total assets                                                             80,165              73,485
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
   Trade payables and other liabilities                  24               4,392               4,507
   Contract liabilities                                  15                 872                 774
   Interest payable                                                         435                 392
   Dividends payable                                                        425                 933
   Current tax liabilities                                                  567                  42
   Debt due within one year                              25               6,155               7,669
   Liabilities held for sale                             17                  10                 529
Total current liabilities                                                12,856              14,846
Non-current liabilities
  Contract liabilities                                   15                 374                 350
  Long-term debt                                         26              34,904              32,835
  Deferred tax liabilities                               11               6,105               5,244
  Post-employment benefit obligations                    28               1,151               1,204
  Other non-current liabilities                          29               1,465               1,646
Total non-current liabilities                                            43,999              41,279
Total liabilities                                                        56,855              56,125
Commitments and contingencies                            35
EQUITY
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders
   Preferred shares                                      31               3,288               3,533
   Common shares                                         31              21,493              20,860
   Contributed surplus                                   31               1,308               1,278
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                            573                (159)
   Deficit                                                               (3,642)             (8,441)
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                            23,020              17,071
Non-controlling interest                                 37                 290                 289
Total equity                                                             23,310              17,360
Total liabilities and equity                                             80,165              73,485




8 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Consolidated statements of changes in equity
                                                                          Attributable to BCE shareholders
                                                                               Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
                                                                                               income
                                                                                   Publicly-
                                                                                 traded and Derivatives Cumulative
For the year ended                                                    Contri-      privately- designated   translation                                     Non-
December 31, 2025                           Preferred    Common        buted held invest- as cash-flow         adjust-                               controlling  Total
(in millions of Canadian dollars) Note        shares       shares    surplus          ments       hedges         ment        Deficit  Total             interest equity
Balance at December 31, 2024                   3,533      20,860       1,278            658         (817)          —        (8,441) 17,071                  289 17,360
Net earnings                                      —           —           —               —           —            —         6,460   6,460                   54  6,514
Other comprehensive income
(loss)                                            —           —          —            253            538            (37)          630     1,384               (2)    1,382
Total comprehensive
income (loss)                                     —           —          —            253            538            (37)     7,090        7,844              52      7,896
Common shares issued
   under dividend
   reinvestment plan                31            —          633         —              —             —              —             —        633              —        633
Other share-based
   compensation                     31            —           —         (33)            —             —              —             14        (19)            —         (19)
Repurchase of preferred
   shares                           31          (245)         —          63             —             —              —             —       (182)             —        (182)
Dividends declared on BCE
   common and preferred
   shares                                         —           —          —              —             —              —      (2,305) (2,305)                  —      (2,305)
Dividends declared by
   subsidiaries to non-
   controlling interest                           —           —          —              —             —              —             —          —             (51)       (51)
Settlement of cash flow
   hedges transferred to the
   cost basis of hedged items                     —           —          —              —            (22)            —             —         (22)            —         (22)
Balance at
December 31, 2025                              3,288      21,493      1,308           911           (301)           (37)    (3,642) 23,020                  290     23,310



                                                                         Attributable to BCE shareholders
                                                                                      Accumulated other
                                                                                     comprehensive loss
                                                                                 Publicly-traded   Derivatives
For the year ended                                                     Contri-    and privately- designated as                                            Non-
December 31, 2024                            Preferred    Common        buted                held    cash-flow                                      controlling       Total
(in millions of Canadian dollars)   Note       shares       shares    surplus investments (1)        hedges (1)       Deficit             Total        interest      equity
Balance at December 31, 2023                    3,667      20,859       1,258                419          (461)      (5,513)            20,229             328      20,557
Net earnings                                       —           —           —                  —             —           344                344              31         375
Other comprehensive income
   (loss)                                          —            —          —                239             (337)          583            485                3        488
Total comprehensive income
   (loss)                                          —            —          —                239             (337)          927            829              34         863
Other share-based
   compensation                        31          —            1        (22)                —                —            (33)            (54)             —          (54)
Repurchase of preferred shares         31        (134)          —         42                 —                —             —              (92)             —          (92)
Dividends declared on BCE
   common and preferred
   shares                                          —            —          —                 —                —      (3,827)            (3,827)             —       (3,827)
Dividends declared by
   subsidiaries to non-
   controlling interest                            —            —          —                 —                —             —               —              (68)        (68)
Settlement of cash flow hedges
   transferred to the cost basis
   of hedged items                                 —           —          —                  —               (19)        —                 (19)            —           (19)
Acquisition of minority interest                   —           —          —                  —                —           5                  5             (5)          —
Balance at December 31, 2024                    3,533      20,860      1,278                658             (817)    (8,441)            17,071            289       17,360

(1) We have presented amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation for the current period.




                                                                                                                                                                          9
Consolidated statements of cash flows
For the year ended December 31
(in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                              Note      2025      2024
Cash flows from operating activities
Net earnings                                                                                                                            6,514      375
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows from operating activities
   Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                         6       517       454
   Depreciation and amortization                                                                                        18 ,     20     5,238     5,041
   Post-employment benefit plans cost                                                                                            28        96       142
   Net interest expense                                                                                                                 1,696     1,590
   Impairment of assets                                                                                                          8      1,027     2,190
   Net gains on investments                                                                                                      9     (5,217)      (57)
   Net early debt redemption gains                                                                                              10       (249)       —
   Net equity losses from investments in associates and joint ventures                                                          10         —        247
   Income taxes                                                                                                                 11      1,193       577
   Contributions to post-employment benefit plans                                                                               28        (49)      (52)
   Payments under other post-employment benefit plans                                                                           28        (59)      (61)
   Severance and other costs paid                                                                                                        (425)     (330)
   Interest paid                                                                                                                       (1,808)   (1,759)
   Income taxes paid (net of refunds)                                                                                                    (737)     (783)
   Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                                       (87)      (52)
   Net change in operating assets and liabilities                                                                                        (657)     (534)
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                    6,993     6,988
Cash flows used in investing activities
  Capital expenditures                                                                                                            3    (3,700)   (3,897)
  Decrease in short-term investments                                                                                                      400       600
  Business acquisitions                                                                                                           4    (4,905)     (624)
  Business dispositions                                                                                                                   102        —
  Increase in investments (1)                                                                                                             (83)      (34)
  Decrease in investments (1)                                                                                                    17     4,684        12
  Spectrum licences                                                                                                              20        (3)     (531)
  Other investing activities (1)                                                                                                          (95)       36
Cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                                (3,600)   (4,438)
Cash flows used in financing activities
  Increase in notes payable                                                                                                               452     1,945
  Issue of long-term debt                                                                                                       26      7,809     3,834
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                                                                   26    (10,092)   (3,303)
  Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                                                                     32       (216)     (235)
  Repurchase of preferred shares                                                                                                31       (182)      (92)
  Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                 (2,026)   (3,613)
  Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                (151)     (187)
  Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                               37        (51)      (68)
  Other financing activities                                                                                                             (189)      (31)
Cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                                (4,646)   (1,750)
Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                       1        —
Net (decrease) increase in cash                                                                                                        (1,258)   1,025
Cash at beginning of year                                                                                                               1,572      547
Cash at end of year                                                                                                                       314    1,572
Net increase (decrease) in cash equivalents                                                                                                6      (225)
Cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                                                      —       225
Cash equivalents at end of year                                                                                                             6        —
(1) We have presented amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation of the current period.




10 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Notes to consolidated financial statements
We, us, our, BCE and the company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their
subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.




Note 1              Corporate information
BCE is incorporated and domiciled in Canada. BCE’s head office is located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Verdun, Québec,
Canada. BCE is a communications company providing products and services in Canada and, subsequent to the acquisition of Northwest
Fiber Holdco, LLC (doing business as Ziply Fiber (Ziply Fiber)) on August 1, 2025, in the Pacific Northwest of the United States (U.S.). Bell
Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS) includes our Bell CTS Canada segment which provides wireless, wireline, Internet,
streaming services, and television (TV) services to residential, business and wholesale customers in Canada and our Bell CTS U.S.
segment which provides wireline, Internet and TV services to residential, business and wholesale customers in the Pacific Northwest of the
U.S. Our Bell Media segment holds a portfolio of assets providing premium video, audio, out-of-home (OOH) advertising, and digital media
services to customers nationally across Canada. The consolidated financial statements (financial statements) were approved by BCE’s
board of directors on March 5, 2026.




Note 2              Material accounting policies
A) Basis of presentation
The financial statements were prepared in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments
that are measured at fair value as described in our accounting policies.
All amounts are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted.

Functional currency
The financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, BCE’s functional currency.
Ziply Fiber's functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations that have a functional currency other than the
Canadian dollar are translated at the exchange rate in effect as at the date of the consolidated statements of financial position (statements
of financial position). Revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period, where the average exchange rates
approximate the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. The resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recognized in
Other comprehensive income.

B) Basis of consolidation
We consolidate the financial statements of all of our subsidiaries.
The results of subsidiaries acquired during the year are consolidated from the date of acquisition and the results of subsidiaries sold during
the year are deconsolidated from the date of disposal. Intercompany transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated on
consolidation.

C) Revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue is measured based on the value of the expected consideration in a contract with a customer and excludes sales taxes and other
amounts we collect on behalf of third parties. We recognize revenue when control of a product or service is transferred to a customer. When
our right to consideration from a customer corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the products and services transferred to
date, we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to invoice.
For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services when they are separately identifiable and the customer can
benefit from the product or service on its own or with other readily available resources. The total arrangement consideration is allocated to
each product or service included in the contract with the customer based on its stand-alone selling price. We generally determine stand-
alone selling prices based on the observable prices at which we sell products separately without a service contract and prices for non-
bundled service offers with the same range of services, adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as appropriate. When similar
products and services are not sold separately, we use the expected cost plus margin approach to determine stand-alone selling prices.
Products and services purchased by a customer in excess of those included in the bundled arrangement are accounted for separately.




                                                                                                                                              11
We may enter into arrangements with subcontractors and others who provide services to our customers. When we act as the principal in
these arrangements, we recognize revenues based on the amounts billed to our customers. Otherwise, we recognize the net amount that
we retain as revenues.
A contract asset is recognized in the statements of financial position when our right to consideration from the transfer of products or services
to a customer is conditional on our obligation to transfer other products or services. Contract assets are transferred to trade receivables
when our right to consideration becomes conditional only as to the passage of time. A contract liability is recognized in the statements of
financial position when we receive consideration in advance of the transfer of products or services to the customer. Contract assets and
liabilities relating to the same contract are presented on a net basis.
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales commissions, and prepaid contract fulfillment costs
are included in Contract costs in the statements of financial position, except where the amortization period is one year or less, in which case
costs of obtaining a contract are immediately expensed. Capitalized costs are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the
period and pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.

Bell CTS Canada and Bell CTS U.S. segment revenues
We recognize product revenues from the sale of equipment when a customer takes possession of the product. We recognize service
revenues over time, as the services are provided. Revenues on certain long-term contracts are recognized using output methods based on
products delivered, performance completed to date, time elapsed or milestones met.
For wireless products and services that are sold separately, customers usually pay in full at the time of sale for products and on a monthly
basis for services. For wireless products and services sold in bundled arrangements, including device financing plans, customers pay
monthly over a contract term of up to 24 months, with an option to finance any remaining device balance over an additional 12 months. If
they include a significant financing component, device financing plan receivables are discounted at market rates and interest revenue is
accreted over the contractual repayment period.
For wireline customers, products are usually paid in full at the time of sale. Services are paid for on a monthly basis except where a billing
schedule has been established with certain business customers under long-term contracts that can extend up to ten years.

Bell Media segment revenues
We recognize advertising revenue when advertisements are aired on the radio or TV, posted on our websites or applications or appear on
our advertising panels and street furniture. Revenues relating to subscriber fees are recorded on a monthly basis as the services are
provided. Advertising customer payments and subscriber fees earned from distributors are usually due monthly as the services are
provided. Customer payments for direct-to-consumer subscriber fees are paid in full at the time of the sale.
See Note 3, Segmented information, for additional details.

D) Share-based payments
Our share-based payment arrangements include an employee savings plan (ESP), restricted share units (RSUs) and performance share
units (PSUs), deferred share units (DSUs) and stock options.

ESP
We recognize our ESP contributions as compensation expense in Operating costs in the consolidated income statements (income
statements) over the two-year vesting period, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus. The value of an ESP at the grant date is
equal to the value of one BCE common share. Additional ESPs are issued to reflect dividends declared on BCE common shares. Upon
settlement of shares under the ESP, any difference between the cost of BCE common shares purchased on the open market and the
amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit.

RSUs/PSUs
For each RSU/PSU granted, we recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the income statements over the three-year vesting
period, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus. The value of a RSU/PSU at the grant date is equal to the value of one BCE
common share or the value estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation for PSUs that include relative total shareholder return as a
performance condition. Additional RSUs/PSUs are issued to reflect dividends declared on BCE common shares. Upon settlement of the
RSUs/PSUs, any difference between the cost of BCE common shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to
contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit. Vested RSUs/PSUs are settled in BCE common shares, DSUs, or a combination thereof.




12 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
DSUs
If compensation is elected to be taken in DSUs, we issue DSUs equal to the fair value of the services received, with a corresponding credit
to contributed surplus. Additional DSUs are issued to reflect dividends declared on the common shares. DSUs are settled in BCE common
shares purchased on the open market following the cessation of employment or when a director leaves the Board. Upon settlement of the
DSUs, any difference between the cost of BCE common shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to contributed
surplus is reflected in the deficit.

Stock options
The fair value of options granted is determined using a variation of a binomial option pricing model that takes into account factors specific to
the stock option plan. We recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the income statements over the three-year vesting period,
with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus.
When stock options are exercised, we credit share capital for the amount received and the amounts previously credited to contributed
surplus.

E) Income and other taxes
Current and deferred income tax expense is recognized in the income statements, except to the extent that the expense relates to items
recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
We use the liability method to account for deferred tax assets and liabilities, which arise from:
•  temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities recognized in the statements of financial position and their
   corresponding tax bases
•  the carryforward of unused tax losses and credits, to the extent they can be used in the future
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the asset or liability is recovered or settled.
Both our current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
reporting date.
Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates, except
where we control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
foreseeable future.
Tax liabilities are, where permitted, offset against tax assets within the same taxable entity and tax jurisdiction.
As required by IFRS Accounting Standards, we do not recognize or disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to
the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, including tax law that implements
qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes described in those rules.

Investment tax credits (ITCs), other tax credits and government grants
We recognize ITCs, other tax credits and government grants given on eligible expenditures when it is reasonably assured that they will be
realized. We use the cost reduction method to account for ITCs and government grants, under which the credits are applied against the
expense or asset to which the ITCs or government grants relate.

F) Cash equivalents and other short-term deposits
Cash equivalents are comprised of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase and
are measured at amortized cost. Short-term deposits with original maturities of more than three months are included in Short-term
investments in the statements of financial position and are measured at amortized cost.

G) Securitization of receivables
Proceeds on the securitization of receivables are recognized as a collateralized borrowing as we do not transfer substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership to another entity.

H) Inventory
We measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Inventory includes all costs to purchase, convert and bring the
inventories to their present location and condition. We determine cost using specific identification for major equipment held for resale and
the weighted average cost formula for all other inventory. We maintain inventory valuation reserves for inventory that is slow-moving or
potentially obsolete, calculated using an inventory aging analysis.




                                                                                                                                                13
I) Property, plant and equipment
We record property, plant and equipment at cost. Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of
the asset, including the purchase cost and labour.
Borrowing costs are capitalized for qualifying assets if the time to build or develop the asset is in excess of one year, at a rate that is based
on the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt. Gains or losses on the sale or retirement of property, plant and
equipment are recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements.

Leases
We enter into leases for network infrastructure and equipment, land and buildings in the normal course of business. Lease contracts are
typically made for fixed periods but may include purchase, renewal or termination options. Leases are negotiated on an individual basis and
contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
We adopted IFRS 16 - Leases as of January 1, 2019. Certain finance leases entered into prior to 2019 were initially measured under IAS 17
- Leases, as permitted by the transition provisions of IFRS 16.

IFRS 16
We assess whether a contract contains a lease at inception of the contract. A lease contract conveys the right to control the use of an
identified asset for a period in exchange for consideration. We recognize lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets for all lease
agreements, except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets, which are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Consideration in a contract is allocated to lease and non-lease components on a relative stand-alone value basis. We generally account for
lease components and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted
using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. We apply a single incremental borrowing
rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:
•    fixed (and in-substance fixed) lease payments, less any lease incentives
•    variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate
•    payments expected under residual value guarantees and payments relating to purchase options and renewal option periods that are
     reasonably certain to be exercised (or periods subject to termination options that are not reasonably certain to be exercised)
Lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Lease liabilities are remeasured, with a
corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets, when there is a change in variable lease payments arising from a change in an
index or rate, or when we change our assessment of whether purchase, renewal or termination options will be exercised.
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost and are comprised of the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liabilities, lease
payments made at or before the commencement date and any initial direct costs. They are subsequently depreciated on a straight-line basis
and reduced by impairment losses, if any. Right-of-use assets may also be adjusted to reflect the remeasurement of related lease liabilities.
If we obtain ownership of the leased asset by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects the exercise of a
purchase option, we depreciate the right-of-use asset from the lease commencement date to the end of the useful life of the underlying
asset. Otherwise, we depreciate the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
underlying asset or the end of the lease term.
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use
assets. The related payments are expensed in operating costs in the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments
occurs.
As lessor, a lease is classified as a finance lease if substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset
is transferred to the lessee, otherwise the lease is classified as an operating lease. Finance leases are recognized in the statements of
financial position as a net investment in lease, comprised mainly of the present value of lease payments not yet received. Lease payments
received under operating leases are recognized in the income statements on a straight-line basis.
IAS 17
Prior to 2019, under IAS 17, leases of property, plant and equipment were recognized as finance leases when we obtained substantially all
the risks and rewards of ownership of the underlying assets. At the inception of the lease, we recorded an asset and a corresponding long-
term lease liability, at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset or the present value of the minimum future lease payments, excluding
non-lease components.




14 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Asset retirement obligations (AROs)
We initially measure and record AROs at management’s best estimate using a present value methodology, adjusted subsequently for any
changes in the timing or amount of cash flows and changes in discount rates. We capitalize asset retirement costs as part of the related
assets and amortize them into earnings over time. We also increase the ARO and record a corresponding amount in interest expense to
reflect the passage of time.

J) Intangible assets
Finite-life intangible assets
Finite-life intangible assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Software
We record internal-use software at cost. Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition or development of the
software, including the purchase cost and labour.
Software development costs are capitalized when all the following conditions are met:
•   technical feasibility can be demonstrated
•   management has the intent and the ability to complete the asset for use or sale
•   it is probable that economic benefits will be generated
•   costs attributable to the asset can be measured reliably
Customer relationships
Customer relationship assets are acquired through business acquisitions and are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition.

Program and feature film rights
We account for program and feature film rights as intangible assets when these assets are acquired for the purpose of distribution through
broadcasting, digital media and streaming services. Program and feature film rights, which include producer advances and licence fees paid
in advance of receipt of the program or film, are stated at acquisition cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment
losses, if any. Programs and feature films under licence agreements are recorded as assets for rights acquired and liabilities for obligations
incurred when:
•   we receive a broadcast master and the cost is known or reasonably determinable for new program and feature film licences; or
•   the licence term commences for licence period extensions or syndicated programs
Related liabilities of programs and feature films are classified as current or non-current, based on the payment terms. Amortization of
program and feature film rights is recorded in Operating costs in the income statements.

Indefinite-life intangible assets
Brand assets, mainly comprised of the Bell, Bell Media, Bell MTS and Ziply Fiber brands, and broadcast licences are acquired through
business acquisitions and are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Wireless
spectrum licences are recorded at acquisition cost, including borrowing costs when the time to build or develop the related network is in
excess of one year. Borrowing costs are calculated at a rate that is based on the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-
term debt.
Currently, there are no legal, regulatory, competitive or other factors that limit the useful lives of our indefinite-life intangible assets.




                                                                                                                                                15
K) Depreciation and amortization
We depreciate property, plant and equipment and amortize finite-life intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives. We review our estimates of useful lives on an annual basis and adjust depreciation and amortization on a prospective basis, as
required. Land and assets under construction or development are not depreciated.

                                                                                                                          Estimated useful life
Property, plant and equipment
  Network infrastructure and equipment
                                                                                                                                  2 to 40 years
  Buildings
                                                                                                                                  5 to 50 years
Finite-life intangible assets
  Software
                                                                                                                                  2 to 12 years
  Customer relationships
                                                                                                                                  2 to 26 years
  Program and feature film rights
                                                                                                                                  Up to 5 years


L) Investments in associates and joint arrangements
Our financial statements incorporate our share of the results of our associates and joint arrangements using the equity method of
accounting, except when the investment is classified as held for sale. Equity income from investments is recorded in Other income
(expense) in the income statements.
Investments in associates and joint arrangements are recognized initially at cost and adjusted thereafter to include the company’s share of
income or loss and comprehensive income or loss on an after-tax basis.
Investments are reviewed for impairment at each reporting period and we compare their recoverable amount to their carrying amount when
there is an indication of impairment.
We recognize our share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint operations in accordance with the related contractual
agreements.

M) Business acquisitions and goodwill
Business acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business acquisition is measured
at fair value at the date of acquisition. Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred and recorded in Severance, acquisition
and other costs in the income statements.
Identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, of acquired businesses are recorded at their fair values at the date of
acquisition. When we acquire control of a business, any previously-held equity interest is remeasured to fair value and any gain or loss on
remeasurement is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements. The excess of the purchase consideration and any
previously-held equity interest over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as Goodwill in the statements of financial
position.

N) Impairment of non-financial assets
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and when there is an indication that the asset may be
impaired. Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or changes in circumstances,
assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing,
assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows.
Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their recoverable amount. An asset’s
recoverable amount is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously recognized impairment losses, other
than those attributable to goodwill, are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the asset’s recoverable amount has
increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.

Goodwill impairment testing
We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of our cash-generating units (CGUs) or groups of CGUs to
which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is an indication that goodwill might be impaired.
A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are independent of the cash inflows from other assets or
groups of assets.
We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to its recoverable amount. The
recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Both fair value less
costs of disposal and value in use are based on estimates of discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods. Cash flows are
projected based on past experience, actual operating results and business plans, including




16 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
any impact from changes in interest rates and inflation. We recognize an impairment charge in the income statements by reducing the
carrying value of goodwill when the recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated is less than its carrying
value. Any impairment charge in excess of the carrying value of the related goodwill reduces the carrying value of each of the other assets
of the corresponding CGU or groups of CGUs on a pro rata basis, not below the recoverable amount of each asset.
For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or groups of CGUs correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 3,
Segmented information.

O) Financial instruments and contract assets
We measure trade and other receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables, at amortized cost using the effective interest
method, net of any allowance for doubtful accounts.
Our portfolio investments in equity securities are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income and are presented in our
statements of financial position as Other non-current assets. These securities are recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition, including
related transaction costs, and are adjusted to fair value at each reporting date. The corresponding unrealized gains and losses are recorded
in Other comprehensive income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income) and are
reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to the Deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.
Other financial liabilities, which include trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, interest payable and long-term debt, are
recorded at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
We measure the allowance for doubtful accounts and impairment of contract assets based on an expected credit loss (ECL) model, which
takes into account current economic conditions, historical information, and forward-looking information, including interest rates and inflation.
We use the simplified approach for measuring losses based on the lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables and contract assets.
Amounts considered uncollectible are written off and recognized in Operating costs in the income statements.
The cost of issuing debt is included as part of long-term debt and is accounted for at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The
cost of issuing equity is reflected in the consolidated statements of changes in equity as a charge to the deficit.

P) Derivative financial instruments
We use derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and changes in the price of BCE
common shares. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
Derivatives that mature within one year are included in Other current assets or Trade payables and other liabilities in the statements of
financial position, whereas derivatives that have a maturity of more than one year are included in Other non-current assets or Other non-
current liabilities.

Hedge accounting
Fair value hedges
We use cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk on certain U.S. dollar long-term debt. We use
interest rate swaps, including forward starting interest rate swaps, to manage the interest rate risk on certain long-term debt. Changes in the
fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements and offset each
other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship.
Cash flow hedges
We use foreign currency forward contracts and options to manage foreign currency risk relating to anticipated purchases denominated in
foreign currencies. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Other comprehensive income, except for any ineffective
portion of the hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified to the income statements or to the initial cost of the related non-financial
asset in the same periods as the corresponding hedged transactions are recognized.
We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage foreign currency risk relating to our U.S. dollar debt under our commercial paper
program and securitization of receivables program. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Other income (expense)
in the income statements and offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt, except for any portion of the hedging
relationship which is ineffective.
We use cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk related to certain
U.S. dollar long-term debt. We also use interest rate swaps, including forward starting interest rate swaps, to manage the interest rate risk
related to certain Canadian dollar long-term debt. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Other comprehensive
income, except for amounts recorded in Other income (expense) in the



                                                                                                                                             17
income statements to offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship
which is ineffective.
We use forward starting interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk related to certain future debt issuances. Changes in the fair value of
these derivatives are recognized in Other comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship, which is
recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in Accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) are reclassified to Interest expense in the income statements over the term of the related debt, once issued.
We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage foreign currency risk relating to anticipated business acquisitions. Changes in the fair
value of these derivatives are recognized in Other comprehensive income, except for any portion of the hedging relationship which is
ineffective and is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified to the initial cost of the acquired entity at the date of acquisition.

Hedges of a net investment in foreign operations
We use U.S. dollar long-term debt to hedge a portion of the U.S. currency exposure related to our net investment in Ziply Fiber. Foreign
currency translation gains and losses related to the U.S. dollar long-term debt are recognized in Other comprehensive income to partially
offset the corresponding cumulative translation adjustment.

Derivatives used as economic hedges
We use derivatives to manage cash flow exposures related to our equity settled share-based payment plans and anticipated purchases in
foreign currencies, interest rate risk related to preferred share dividend rate resets and interest rate risk related to existing and anticipated
debt issuances. As these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, the changes in their fair value are recorded in the income
statements in Other income (expense).

Q) Post-employment benefit plans
Defined benefit (DB) and other post-employment benefit (OPEB) plans
We maintain DB pension plans that provide pension benefits for certain employees and retirees. Benefits are based on the employee’s
length of service and average rate of pay during the highest paid consecutive five years of service. Most employees are not required to
contribute to the plans. Certain plans provide cost of living adjustments to help protect the income of retired employees against inflation.
We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various actuarial cost methods
permitted by pension regulatory bodies. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions about future investment returns, salary projections,
future service and life expectancy.
We provide OPEBs to some of our employees, including:
•  health care and life insurance benefits during retirement, which have been phased out for new retirees since December 31, 2016. Most
   of these OPEB plans are unfunded and benefits are paid when incurred.
•  other benefits, including workers’ compensation and medical benefits to former or inactive employees, their beneficiaries and
   dependants, from the time their employment ends until their retirement starts, under certain circumstances
We accrue our obligations and related costs under post-employment benefit plans, net of the fair value of the benefit plan assets. Pension
and OPEB costs are determined using:
•   the projected unit credit method, prorated on years of service, which takes into account future pay levels
•   a discount rate based on market interest rates of high-quality corporate fixed income investments with maturities that match the timing
    of benefits expected to be paid under the plans
•   management’s best estimate of pay increases, retirement ages of employees, expected healthcare costs and life expectancy
We value post-employment benefit plan assets at fair value using current market values.
Post-employment benefit plans current service cost is included in Operating costs in the income statements. Interest on our post-
employment benefit plan assets and obligations is recognized in Finance costs in the income statements and represents the accretion of
interest on the assets and obligations under our post-employment benefit plans. The interest rate is based on market conditions that existed
at the beginning of the year. Actuarial gains and losses for all post-employment benefit plans are recorded in Other comprehensive income
in the statements of comprehensive income in the period in which they occur and are recognized immediately in the deficit.
December 31 is the measurement date for our significant post-employment benefit plans. Our actuaries perform a valuation based on
management's assumptions at least every three years to determine the actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plans and OPEB
obligations. The most recent actuarial valuation of our significant pension plans was as at December 31, 2024.




18 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Defined contribution (DC) pension plans
We maintain DC pension plans that provide certain employees with benefits. Under these plans, we are responsible for contributing a
predetermined amount to an employee’s retirement savings, based on a percentage of the employee’s salary.
We recognize a post-employment benefit plans service cost for DC pension plans when the employee provides service to the company,
essentially coinciding with our cash contributions.
When eligible, new employees can only participate in the DC pension plans.

R) Provisions
Provisions are recognized when all the following conditions are met:
•   the company has a present legal or constructive obligation based on past events
•   it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation
•   the amount can be reasonably estimated
Provisions are measured at the present value of the estimated expenditures expected to settle the obligation, if the effect of the time value
of money is material. The present value is determined using current market assessments of the discount rate and risks specific to the
obligation. The obligation increases as a result of the passage of time, resulting in interest expense which is recognized in Finance costs in
the income statements.

S) Estimates and key judgments
When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and judgments relating to:
•  reported amounts of revenues and expenses
•  reported amounts of assets and liabilities
•  disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to historical experience, current events, economic and financial
market conditions such as interest rates, inflation and the risk of recession, geopolitical events and supply chain disruptions, and actions
that the company may undertake in the future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. A
change in these assumptions may have an impact on our financial statements including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value
determination, expected credit losses and discount rates used for the present value of cash flows. By their nature, these estimates and
judgments are subject to measurement uncertainty and actual results could differ. Our more significant estimates and judgments are
described below.

Estimates
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets represent a significant proportion of our total assets. Changes in technology or
our intended use of these assets, climate change and our sustainability initiatives as well as changes in business prospects or economic
and industry factors, may cause the estimated useful lives of these assets to change.

Business acquisitions
We use various estimates, including replacement costs, customer churn and discount rates, in determining the fair value assigned to assets
acquired and liabilities assumed in business acquisitions, in particular for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.

Post-employment benefit plans
The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and OPEBs are determined using actuarial calculations that
are based on several assumptions.
The actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of
compensation increase, cost of living indexation rate, trends in healthcare costs and expected average remaining years of service of
employees.
The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit plans cost are the discount rate and life expectancy.
The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments, with maturities matching the
estimated cash flows of the post-employment benefit plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available Canadian mortality tables and is
adjusted for the company’s specific experience.
Revenue from contracts with customers
We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from contracts with customers, including estimating the stand-alone
selling prices of products and services.




                                                                                                                                             19
Impairment of non-financial assets
We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods to
test for impairment. These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the number of years used in the cash flow
model and the discount rate.
Deferred taxes
The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration given to the timing, sources and amounts of future
taxable income.

Leases
The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities, including
determining the appropriate discount rate used to measure lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the
lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the rate implicit in the
lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is derived from publicly available risk-free interest rates, adjusted for
applicable credit spreads and lease terms. We apply a single incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.
Fair value of financial instruments
Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings,
are carried in the statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in the income statements and the
statements of comprehensive income. Fair values are estimated by reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation
techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data, such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples.

Contingencies
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other
relief. Pending claims and legal proceedings represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing
potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement strategies, based on information that is available at the time.
Onerous contracts
A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of meeting our obligations under a contract exceed the
expected benefits to be received under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
terminating the contract and the expected net cost of completing the contract.

Judgments
Post-employment benefit plans
The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit obligations requires judgment. The rate is set by
reference to market yields of long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of each fiscal year. Significant
judgment is required when setting the criteria for fixed income investments to be included in the population from which the yield curve is
derived. The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the size of the issue and credit quality, along with
the identification of outliers, which are excluded.

Income taxes
The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations. There are transactions and calculations for
which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of which could change the amount of
current and deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities to be recognized. In particular, judgment is
required when assessing the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax rates are applied.
Leases
The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities. A lease contract
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. At inception of the contract, we
assess whether the contract contains an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from
use of the asset and whether we have the right to direct how and for what purpose the asset is used. In determining the lease term, we
include periods covered by renewal options when we are reasonably certain to exercise those options. Similarly, we include periods covered
by termination options when we are reasonably certain not to exercise those options. To assess if we are reasonably certain to exercise an
option, we consider all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise renewal options (or not exercise termination
options).




20 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Economic incentives include the costs related to the termination of the lease, the significance of any leasehold improvements and the
importance of the underlying assets to our operations.

Revenue from contracts with customers
The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations under long-term
contracts requires judgment. Additionally, the determination of costs to obtain a contract, including the identification of incremental costs,
also requires judgment.

CGUs
The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing requires judgment.

Contingencies
The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal proceedings and whether an outflow of resources is likely requires
judgment.

T) Future changes to accounting standards
The following accounting standard and amendments to accounting standards issued by the IASB have not yet been adopted by BCE.

Standard                   Description                                                                   Impact                    Effective date
IFRS 18 – Presentation     Sets out requirements and guidance on presentation and disclosure in          We are currently          Annual reporting periods
and Disclosure in          financial statements, including:                                              assessing the impact of   beginning on or after
Financial Statements       •    presentation in the income statements of income and expenses within this standard.                 January 1, 2027. Early
                                defined categories - operating, investing, financing, income taxes and                             application is permitted.
                                discontinued operations
                           •    presentation in the income statements of new defined subtotals -
                                operating profit and profit before financing and income taxes
                           •    disclosure of explanations of management-defined performance
                                measures that are related to the income statements
                           •    enhanced guidance on aggregation and disaggregation of information
                                and whether to provide information in the financial statements or in the
                                notes
                           •    disclosure of specified expenses by nature
                           IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 - Presentation of Financial Statements but carries
                           forward many of the requirements from IAS 1 unchanged.
Amendments to the       In particular, the amendments clarify:                                          These amendments will      Annual reporting periods
Classification and      •    the classification of financial assets with environmental, social and      not have a significant     beginning on or after
Measurement of                                                                                          impact on our financial    January 1, 2026.
Financial Instruments –      corporate governance and similar features                                  statements.
Amendments to IFRS 9 •       the derecognition date for financial liabilities and introduce an
and IFRS 7                   accounting policy option for financial liabilities settled using an
                             electronic payment system if certain conditions are met
                           The amendments also require additional disclosures for financial
                           instruments with contractual terms that reference a contingent event and
                           equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive
                           income.




                                                                                                                                                           21
Note 3             Segmented information
The accounting policies used in our segment reporting are the same as those we describe in Note 2, Material accounting policies. Our
segments reflect how we manage our business and how we classify our operations for planning and measuring performance. Accordingly,
we operate and manage our segments as strategic business units organized by products and services. Segments negotiate sales with each
other as if they were unrelated parties.
We measure the performance of each segment based on adjusted EBITDA, which is equal to operating revenues less operating costs for
the segment. Substantially all of our severance, acquisition and other costs, depreciation and amortization, finance costs and other income
(expense) are managed on a corporate basis and, accordingly, are not reflected in segment results.
On August 1, 2025, Bell Canada acquired Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. providing
wireline, Internet and TV services to residential, business and wholesale customers in this region. The results from the acquired Ziply Fiber
operations are included in a new segment, Bell CTS U.S., from the date of acquisition.
Our results are subsequently reported in three segments: Bell CTS Canada, Bell CTS U.S. and Bell Media.
Substantially all of our operations and assets under our Bell CTS Canada and Bell Media segments are located in Canada. The operations
and assets of our Bell CTS U.S. segment are located in the U.S.
Our Bell CTS Canada segment provides a wide range of communication products and services to consumer, business and government
customers across Canada. Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans, streaming services, and devices and are
available nationally. Wireline products and services comprise data (including Internet access, Internet protocol television (IPTV), cloud-
based services, AI-driven solutions and business solutions), voice, streaming services, and other communication services and products,
which are available to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the
Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally across Canada.
In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from
or to resellers and other carriers, as well as, in 2024, the results of operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source
(Bell) Electronics Inc. (The Source). In 2024, Bell wound down The Source head office and back office operations, as well as closed 107
The Source stores.
Our Bell CTS U.S. segment, comprised of Ziply Fiber, provides wireline communication products and services over a combined fibre-based
and copper-based network, to residential, business and wholesale customers in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. Wireline products and
services consist of data (including broadband Internet with varying speeds and value-added features, commercial ethernet, dedicated
Internet-non-switched access and other data transport networking options) and voice (traditional and voice over Internet protocol (VoIP)
voice services, including local, long distance, and unified communications as a service (UCaaS) and Video (IPTV)).
Our Bell Media segment holds a portfolio of assets providing premium video, audio, OOH advertising, and digital media services to
customers nationally across Canada.




22 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Segmented information
                                                                                                                                       Inter-
                                                                      Bell CTS      Bell CTS            Bell         Bell           segment
For the year ended December 31, 2025                          Note   Canada (1)       U.S. (2)          CTS         Media       eliminations           BCE
Operating revenues
  External service revenues                                            18,000            392         18,392         2,815                 —         21,207
  Inter-segment service revenues                                           28             —              28           339               (367)           —
Operating service revenues                                             18,028            392         18,420         3,154               (367)       21,207
External/operating product revenues                                     3,261             —           3,261            —                  —          3,261
   Total external revenues                                             21,261            392         21,653         2,815                 —         24,468
   Total inter-segment revenues                                            28             —              28           339               (367)           —
Total operating revenues (3)                                            21,289           392         21,681         3,154               (367)       24,468
Operating costs                                                  5     (11,584)         (221)       (11,805)       (2,372)               367       (13,810)
Adjusted EBITDA (4)                                                      9,705           171          9,876           782                 —         10,658
Severance, acquisition and other costs                           6                                                                                    (517)
Depreciation and amortization                           18,     20                                                                                  (5,238)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                              7                                                                                   (1,775)
   Net return on post-employment benefit
      plans                                                     28                                                                                     102
Impairment of assets                                             8                                                                                  (1,027)
Net gains on investments                                         9                                                                                   5,217
Other income                                                    10                                                                                     287
Income taxes                                                    11                                                                                  (1,193)
Net earnings                                                                                                                                         6,514
Property, plant and equipment                                   18     28,402          4,114         32,516         1,025                 —         33,541
Finite-life intangible assets                                   20      6,007            862          6,869           952                 —          7,821
Indefinite-life intangible assets                               20      8,574            261          8,835           578                 —          9,413
Goodwill                                                        23      8,286          3,003         11,289         1,942                 —         13,231
Capital expenditures                                                    3,153            388          3,541           159                 —          3,700
(1) Includes all subsidiaries of Bell CTS with the exception of Ziply Fiber and its subsidiaries.
(2) Includes the results of Ziply Fiber exclusively.
(3) Revenues from Bell CTS Canada and Bell Media are substantially generated in Canada and revenues from Bell CTS U.S. are generated in the U.S.
(4) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating
    costs.




                                                                                                                                                          23
                                                                                                                                               Inter-segment
For the year ended December 31, 2024                                                             Note       Bell CTS        Bell Media           eliminations      BCE
Operating revenues
   External service revenues                                                                                  18,256             2,817                   —      21,073
   Inter-segment service revenues                                                                                 27               334                 (361)        —
Operating service revenues                                                                                    18,283             3,151                 (361)    21,073
External/operating product revenues                                                                            3,336                —                    —       3,336
   Total external revenues                                                                                    21,592             2,817                   —      24,409
   Total inter-segment revenues                                                                                   27               334                 (361)        —
Total operating revenues (1)                                                                                  21,619             3,151                 (361)     24,409
Operating costs                                                                                    5         (11,788)           (2,393)                 361     (13,820)
Adjusted EBITDA (2)                                                                                            9,831               758                    —     10,589
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                              6                                                             (454)
Depreciation and amortization                                                              18,     20                                                           (5,041)
Finance costs
    Interest expense                                                                               7                                                            (1,713)
    Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                   28                                                                66
Impairment of assets                                                                               8                                                            (2,190)
Net gains on investments                                                                           9                                                                57
Other expense (3)                                                                                 10                                                              (362)
Income taxes                                                                                      11                                                              (577)
Net earnings                                                                                                                                                       375
Property, plant and equipment                                                                      18         28,880             1,121                    —     30,001
Finite-life intangible assets                                                                      20          6,157               887                    —      7,044
Indefinite-life intangible assets                                                                  20          8,611             1,131                    —      9,742
Goodwill                                                                                           23          8,266             1,995                    —     10,261
Capital expenditures                                                                                           3,746               151                    —      3,897

(1) In 2024, we had two segments, Bell CTS and Bell Media, and their revenues were substantially generated in Canada.
(2) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating
    costs.
(3) We have presented amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation for the current period.


Revenues by services and products
The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by type of services and products by segment.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                         2025        2024
Services (1)
 Wireless voice and data                                                                                                                              7,053       7,136
 Wireline data (2)                                                                                                                                    8,439       8,117
 Wireline voice (3)                                                                                                                                   2,520       2,672
 Media (4)                                                                                                                                            2,882       2,830
 Other wireline services                                                                                                                                313         318
Total services                                                                                                                                       21,207     21,073
Products (5)
 Wireless                                                                                                                                             2,634       2,715
 Wireline (6)                                                                                                                                           627         621
Total products                                                                                                                                        3,261       3,336
Total operating revenues                                                                                                                             24,468     24,409
(1) Our service revenues are generally recognized over time.
(2) Wireline data for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes $322 million of revenues from Bell CTS U.S.
(3) Wireline voice for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes $70 million of revenues from Bell CTS U.S.
(4) Includes Crave direct-to-consumer revenues.
(5) Our product revenues are generally recognized at a point in time.
(6) Included in the year ended December 31, 2025 is revenue from a finance lease related to our first artificial intelligence (AI) facility.




24 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 4                  Business acquisitions and disposition
2025
Acquisition of Ziply Fiber
On August 1, 2025, Bell Canada completed the acquisition of Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the
U.S., for cash consideration of $3.64 billion in U.S. dollars ($5.01 billion in Canadian dollars). This transaction is expected to enhance Bell
Canada's growth profile and strategic position by giving it a foothold in the large, underpenetrated U.S. fibre market, while increasing its
scale, diversifying its operating footprint and unlocking significant growth opportunities. The results of Ziply Fiber are included in our Bell
CTS U.S. segment.
The allocation of the purchase price of Ziply Fiber includes provisional estimates, in particular for property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of assets and
liabilities and reflects adjustments to provisional estimates presented in Q3 2025, primarily for property, plant and equipment, intangible
assets and deferred tax liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                                    Total
Cash consideration paid (1)                                                                                                                                        5,013
Deemed settlement of loan (2)                                                                                                                                        103
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                         5,116
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                                     96
      Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                                                43
      Property, plant and equipment (3)                                                                                                                            3,945
      Finite-life intangible assets (4)                                                                                                                              873
      Indefinite-life intangible assets                                                                                                                              263
      Post-employment benefit assets                                                                                                                                  20
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                          (207)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                           (44)
      Debt due within one year (5)                                                                                                                                    (3)
      Long-term debt (5)                                                                                                                                          (2,754)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                      (257)
      Post-employment benefit obligations                                                                                                                            (43)
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                                                   (4)
                                                                                                                                                                   1,928
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                            166
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                                  2,094
Goodwill (6)                                                                                                                                                       3,022

(1)   Reflects a net gain of $7 million from the settlement of foreign exchange forwards and cash designated to hedge the Ziply Fiber acquisition cost. See Note 30,
      Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(2)   On June 25, 2025, Bell Canada entered into an agreement to loan Ziply Fiber up to $150 million in U.S. dollars. On July 30, 2025, a first loan draw of $75 million in
      U.S. dollars ($103 million in Canadian dollars) was made by Ziply Fiber.
(3)   Consists of network infrastructure and equipment of $2,973 million, land and buildings of $537 million and assets under construction of $435 million.
(4)   Consists mainly of customer relationships.
(5)   See Note 26, Long-term debt, for additional details.
(6)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth, of which approximately $1,584 million is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was
      allocated to our Bell CTS U.S. group of CGUs.

Operating revenues of $392 million from Ziply Fiber are included in the income statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. BCE’s
operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 would have been $25,019 million had the acquisition of Ziply Fiber occurred on
January 1, 2025. A net loss of $87 million from Ziply Fiber is included in the income statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 and
reflects early debt redemption costs of $109 million, before taxes. See Note 26, Long-term debt for additional details. BCE’s net earnings for
the year ended December 31, 2025 would have been $6,496 million had the acquisition of Ziply Fiber occurred on January 1, 2025. These
proforma amounts reflect the purchase price allocation.




                                                                                                                                                                        25
2024
Acquisition of OUTFRONT Media’s Canadian out-of-home media business
On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.’s Canadian OOH media business, OUTEDGE Media
Canada (OUTEDGE), for cash consideration of $429 million ($418 million net of cash acquired). The acquisition of OUTEDGE is expected
to support Bell Media’s digital media strategy and to deliver multi-channel marketing solutions across Canada. The results of OUTEDGE are
included in our Bell Media segment.
Pursuant to a consent agreement negotiated with the Competition Bureau, in April 2025, Bell Media disposed of 669 advertising displays in
Québec and Ontario for proceeds of $14 million.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of assets and
liabilities and reflects adjustments to provisional estimates presented in 2024, primarily for property, plant and equipment and deferred tax
liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                               Total
Cash consideration paid                                                                                                                                         429
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                     429
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                               40
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                             7
      Assets held for sale                                                                                                                                      16
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                            290
      Finite-life intangible assets                                                                                                                             17
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                                                  30
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                     (12)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                      (1)
      Debt due within one year                                                                                                                                 (20)
      Liabilities held for sale                                                                                                                                (10)
      Long-term debt                                                                                                                                          (100)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                 (41)
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                                             (7)
                                                                                                                                                               209
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                       11
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                              220
Goodwill (1)                                                                                                                                                   209
(1)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell Media group of
      CGUs.

Operating revenues of $65 million from OUTEDGE are included in the income statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. BCE’s
operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 would have been $24,457 million had the acquisition of OUTEDGE occurred on
January 1, 2024. This pro forma amount reflects the elimination of intercompany transactions and the purchase price allocation. The
transaction did not have a significant impact on our net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the impact on our net earnings
would not have been significant had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2024.




26 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Acquisition of Stratejm
On July 2, 2024, Bell Canada acquired Stratejm Inc. (Stratejm) for cash consideration of $78 million ($73 million net of cash acquired) and
additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to
be settled by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is $20 million. Stratejm leverages artificial intelligence through end-to-end Security-
as-a-Service solutions, real-time threat detection and response, and streamlining incident management processes. The results of Stratejm
are included in our Bell CTS Canada segment.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of assets and
liabilities and reflects adjustments to provisional estimates presented in 2024, primarily for finite-life intangible assets.

                                                                                                                                                           Total
Cash consideration paid                                                                                                                                      78
Contingent consideration (1)                                                                                                                                 11
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                   89
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                             6
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                          2
      Finite-life intangible assets                                                                                                                          21
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                                                1
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                   (3)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                   (7)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                               (6)
                                                                                                                                                             14
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                     5
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                            19
Goodwill (2)                                                                                                                                                 70
(1)   The fair value of contingent consideration at the date of acquisition was estimated to be $11 million ($17 million at December 31, 2025).
(2)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell CTS Canada
      group of CGUs.

Operating revenues of $10 million from Stratejm are included in the income statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. BCE’s
operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 would have been $24,421 million had the acquisition of Stratejm occurred on
January 1, 2024. This pro forma amount reflects the elimination of intercompany transactions and the purchase price allocation. The
transaction did not have a significant impact on our net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the impact on our net earnings
would not have been significant had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2024.

Proposed disposition of Northwestel
In June 2024, Bell Canada entered into an agreement for the disposition of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel) to Sixty North Unity, a consortium
of Indigenous communities from the Yukon, the Northwest Territories and Nunavut, for up to $1 billion, subject to adjustments. We previously
expected this transaction to close in 2025 and we continue to work with Sixty North Unity to close the transaction in 2026. The transaction
remains subject to certain closing conditions, including securing financing by Sixty North Unity and, as such, there can be no assurance that
the transaction will ultimately be consummated. The results of Northwestel are included in our Bell CTS Canada segment.




                                                                                                                                                              27
Note 5                  Operating costs
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                        Note              2025              2024
Labour costs
   Wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits                                                                                                    (3,992)            (4,134)
   Post-employment benefit plans service cost (net of capitalized amounts)                                                               28            (198)              (208)
   Other labour costs (1)                                                                                                                              (883)              (987)
Less:
   Capitalized labour                                                                                                                                 1,094              1,130
Total labour costs                                                                                                                                   (3,979)            (4,199)
Cost of revenues (2)                                                                                                                                 (7,720)            (7,705)
Other operating costs (3)                                                                                                                            (2,111)            (1,916)
Total operating costs                                                                                                                               (13,810)           (13,820)
(1) Other labour costs include contractor and outsourcing costs.
(2) Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(3) Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, information technology costs,
    professional service fees and rent.

Research and development expenses of $60 million and $66 million are included in operating costs for 2025 and 2024, respectively.




Note 6                  Severance, acquisition and other costs
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                          2025              2024
Severance                                                                                                                                              (380)             (383)
Acquisition and other (1)                                                                                                                              (137)              (71)
Total severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                                           (517)             (454)
(1) Includes acquisition costs of $67 million relating to the acquisition of Ziply Fiber. See Note 4, Business acquisitions and disposition, for additional details.

Severance costs
Severance costs consist of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations.

Acquisition and other costs
Acquisition and other costs consist of transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed or potential
acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired companies into our
operations, costs relating to litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other costs.




Note 7                  Interest expense
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                          2025               2024
Interest expense on long-term debt                                                                                                                   (1,718)            (1,623)
Interest expense on other debt                                                                                                                         (179)              (233)
Capitalized interest                                                                                                                                    122                143
Total interest expense                                                                                                                               (1,775)            (1,713)


Included in interest expense on long-term debt is interest on lease liabilities of $194 million and $218 million for 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Capitalized interest was calculated using an average rate of 4.6% and 4.5% for 2025 and 2024, respectively, which represents the weighted
average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt.




28 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 8              Impairment of assets
2025
During the third quarter of 2025, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell Media TV services, radio markets and OOH advertising
business, due to a decline in legacy advertising demand and spending in the linear advertising market as we transition to digital.
Accordingly, impairment testing was required for certain groups of CGUs as well as for goodwill for the Bell Media group of CGUs.
We recognized $976 million of impairment charges for English and French TV services, radio markets and our OOH advertising business
within our Bell Media segment. These charges included $554 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences,
spectrum and other licences and brands, $250 million allocated to program and feature film rights, $103 million allocated to property, plant
and equipment for network, infrastructure and equipment and assets under construction, $47 million allocated to software, $18 million
allocated to prepaid expenses and inventory, and $4 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets mainly for trademarks. The impairment
was determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the
CGUs using discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash flow projections derived from business
plans reviewed by senior management for the period of September 1, 2025 to December 31, 2030, using discount rates of 9% to 11% and
perpetuity growth rates of (2%) to 2%, as well as market multiple data from public companies and market transactions. A negative change to
any of these assumptions and projections may result in further impairment charges for certain groups of CGUs. After impairments, the
carrying value of the impacted CGUs was $352 million.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill. See Note 23, Goodwill, for further details.
We recorded $51 million of additional impairment charges in 2025 related to various assets within our Bell CTS Canada segment.

2024
During the third quarter of 2024, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell Media TV services and radio markets, due to a further
decline in advertising demand and spending in the linear advertising market. Accordingly, impairment testing was required for certain groups
of CGUs as well as for goodwill for the Bell Media group of CGUs.

We recognized $958 million of impairment charges for English and French TV services and radio markets within our Bell Media segment.
These charges included $627 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences and brands, $144 million allocated to
program and feature film rights, $85 million allocated to property, plant and equipment for network and infrastructure and equipment,
$85 million allocated to software, $10 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets mainly for trademarks, and $7 million allocated to
prepaid expenses. The impairment was determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal. We
estimated the fair value of the CGUs using both discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash
flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of September 1, 2024 to December 31, 2029,
using discount rates of 9% to 11% and perpetuity growth rates of (2%) to 0%, as well as market multiple data from public companies and
market transactions. After impairments, the carrying value of the impacted CGUs was $811 million.

In Q3 2024, we recorded $1,132 million of impairment charges for goodwill. See Note 23, Goodwill, for further details.
Additionally in 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $100 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we
ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.




                                                                                                                                            29
Note 9               Net gains on investments
2025
In 2025, BCE completed the previously announced sale of substantially all of its home security and monitored alarm assets to a.p.i. ALARM
Inc. for $170 million. We have received proceeds of $65 million and expect to receive $25 million in 2027 and up to $80 million will also be
received in 2027 contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. A gain on sale of $57 million was recorded. See Note 17,
Assets and liabilities held for sale, for additional details.
In 2025, BCE completed the previously announced disposition of its minority stake in Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE). We
recorded gross proceeds of $4.7 billion and an income tax liability of $542 million. A gain on sale of $5.2 billion was recorded. See Note 17,
Assets and liabilities held for sale, for additional details.

2024
In 2024, we recorded a gain on investment of $69 million related to an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of
our subsidiaries.




Note 10                Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31                                                                                Note        2025           2024
Net early debt redemption gains                                                                                 26        249              —
Interest income                                                                                                            79            123
Equity income (losses) from investments in associates and joint ventures                                17,    21
    Loss on investment                                                                                                      —           (247)
    Operations                                                                                                               8            10
Losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                 (26)          (38)
Net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
   compensation plans                                                                                          30           (9)         (269)
Other                                                                                                                      (14)           59
Total other income (expense)                                                                                               287          (362)


Equity income (losses) from investments in associates and joint ventures
We recorded a loss on investment of $247 million in 2024, related to equity losses on our share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value
the minority interest in MLSE. See Note 17, Assets and liabilities held for sale, for additional details.




30 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 11                 Income taxes
The following table shows the significant components of income taxes deducted from net earnings.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                        2025        2024
Current taxes
    Current taxes                                                                                                   (1,084)      (494)
    Uncertain tax positions                                                                                             22          4
    Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                        11          8
Deferred taxes
    Deferred taxes relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                                  (216)      (120)
    Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                       (11)        (7)
    Recognition and utilization of loss carryforwards                                                                   85         29
    Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                                —           3
Total income taxes                                                                                                  (1,193)      (577)

The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with income taxes calculated at a statutory
income tax rate of 26.8% for both 2025 and 2024.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                        2025        2024
Net earnings                                                                                                         6,514         375
Add back income taxes                                                                                                1,193         577
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                         7,707         952
Applicable statutory tax rate                                                                                       26.8%        26.8%
Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                                                                (2,065)        (255)
Non-taxable portion of net gains on investments                                                                        850           18
Uncertain tax positions                                                                                                 22            4
Impairment of goodwill                                                                                                  —         (303)
Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                            —             1
Non-taxable portion of equity losses                                                                                    —          (66)
Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                                    —             3
Other                                                                                                                   —            21
Total income taxes                                                                                                 (1,193)        (577)
Average effective tax rate                                                                                          15.5%        60.6%

The following table shows aggregate current and deferred taxes relating to items recognized outside the income statements.

For the year ended December 31                                                         2025                        2024
                                                                                    Other                       Other
                                                                            comprehensive               comprehensive
                                                                                  income      Deficit         income            Deficit
Current taxes                                                                         —           1               —                —
Deferred taxes                                                                      (464)         1             (128)             (26)
Total income taxes (expense) recovery                                               (464)         2             (128)             (26)




                                                                                                                                     31
The following table shows deferred taxes resulting from temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
recognized in the statements of financial position and their corresponding tax basis, as well as tax loss carryforwards.

                                                                                                         Property, plant
                                                                                                        and equipment
                                                         Non-capital              Post- Indefinite-life   and finite-life
                                                          loss carry-     employment       intangible intangible assets               Lease
                                                                                                                       (1)     liabilities (1)
Net deferred tax liability                                  forwards      benefit plans        assets                                            Other     Total
January 1, 2024                                                  36               (443)        (1,805)           (4,069)             1,288        220    (4,773)
Income statements                                                 31                 25             148                (213)           (102)       16      (95)
Business acquisitions                                             —                  (3)             (5)               (116)             32        (2)     (94)
Other comprehensive (loss) income                                 —                (213)             —                   —               —         85     (128)
Deficit                                                           —                  —               —                   —               —        (26)     (26)
Reclassified to liabilities (assets) held for sale                —                  —               —                    3              (3)       —        —
Other                                                              6                 —               —                    2              —         —         8
December 31, 2024                                                 73               (634)         (1,662)             (4,393)         1,215        293    (5,108)
Income statements                                                 84                 12              90                (167)           (88)       (73)     (142)
Business acquisitions                                            243                 20             (37)               (520)            12         64      (218)
Other comprehensive loss                                          —                (229)             —                   —              —        (235)     (464)
Deficit                                                           —                  —               —                   —              —           1         1
Net foreign exchange differences                                  (3)                —               —                    5             —          —          2
Reclassified to liabilities (assets) held for sale                —                  —               —                    2             (2)        —         —
Other                                                             —                  —               (4)                 (3)            —           9         2
December 31, 2025                                                397               (831)         (1,613)             (5,076)         1,137         59    (5,927)
(1) We have presented amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation of the current period.

At December 31, 2025, BCE had $1,636 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:
•    recognized a deferred tax asset of $397 million for $1,632 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital loss
     carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2036 to indefinitely.
•    did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $4 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in varying annual amounts
     from 2033 to 2045.
At December 31, 2025, BCE had $54 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward indefinitely.
At December 31, 2024, BCE had $281 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:
•    recognized a deferred tax asset of $73 million for $277 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital loss
     carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2036 to 2044.
•    did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $4 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in varying annual amounts
     from 2036 to 2044.
At December 31, 2024, BCE had $55 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward indefinitely.




32 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 12                   Earnings per share
The following table shows the components used in the calculation of basic and diluted net earnings per common share for earnings
attributable to common shareholders.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                 2025             2024
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders - basic                                                                                     6,305             163
Dividends declared per common share (in dollars)                                                                                              2.31             3.99
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (in millions)
    Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic                                                                             929.1            912.3
    Assumed exercise of stock options (1)                                                                                                       —                —
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in millions)                                                                 929.1            912.3
(1) The calculation of the assumed exercise of stock options includes the effect of the average unrecognized future compensation cost of dilutive options. It excludes
    options for which the exercise price is higher than the average market value of a BCE common share. The number of excluded options was 5,503,174 in 2025 and
    6,545,819 in 2024.




Note 13                   Trade and other receivables
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                Note             2025             2024
Trade receivables (1)                                                                                                                        4,113            4,305
Allowance for revenue adjustments                                                                                                             (158)            (191)
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                                                 30            (164)            (120)
Current tax receivable                                                                                                                         348              112
Commodity taxes receivable                                                                                                                      10                7
Other accounts receivable                                                                                                                      325              376
Total trade and other receivables                                                                                                            4,474            4,489

(1) The details of securitized receivables are set out in Note 25, Debt due within one year.

Wireless device financing plan receivables
Wireless device financing plan receivables represent amounts owed to us under financing agreements that have not yet been billed. The
current portion of these balances is included in Trade receivables within the Trade and other receivables line item on our statements of
financial position and the long-term portion is included within the Other non-current assets line item on our statements of financial position.
The following table summarizes our wireless device financing plan receivables.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                Note             2025             2024
Current                                                                                                                                      1,076            1,063
Non-current                                                                                                                      22            399              410
Total wireless device financing plan receivables (1)                                                                                         1,475            1,473
(1) Excludes allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for revenue adjustments on the current portion of $39 million and $45 million at December 31, 2025 and
    December 31, 2024, respectively, and allowance for doubtful accounts on the non-current portion of $11 million and $12 million at December 31, 2025 and
    December 31, 2024, respectively.




                                                                                                                                                                   33
Note 14                  Inventory
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                          2025               2024
Wireless devices and accessories                                                                                                        230                239
Merchandise and other                                                                                                                   159                181
Total inventory                                                                                                                         389                420


The total amount of inventory subsequently recognized as an expense in cost of revenues was $2,988 million and $3,133 million for 2025
and 2024, respectively.




Note 15                  Contract assets and liabilities
The table below provides a reconciliation of the significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances.

                                                                                                      Contract assets (1)           Contract liabilities
For the year ended December 31                                                                Note         2025           2024           2025           2024
Opening balance, January 1                                                                                 759              735        1,124          1,088
Revenue recognized included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the
   year                                                                                                      —               —          (856)          (834)
Revenue recognized from contract liabilities included in contract assets at
   the beginning of the year                                                                                104           102             —              —
Increase in contract liabilities during the year                                                             —             —             958            895
Increase in contract liabilities included in contract assets during the year                                (87)         (108)            —              —
Increase in contract assets from revenue recognized during the year                                         905           789             —              —
Contract assets transferred to trade receivables                                                           (692)         (635)            15             20
(Dispositions) acquisitions                                                              4,    17           (28)            1             47             13
Contract terminations transferred to trade receivables                                                      (63)          (62)             9              2
Other                                                                                                       (51)          (63)           (51)           (60)
Ending balance, December 31                                                                                 847           759          1,246          1,124

(1) Net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $12 million and $18 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. See Note 30, Financial and
    capital management, for additional details.




Note 16                  Contract costs
The table below provides a reconciliation of the contract costs balance.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                          Note            2025               2024
Opening balance, January 1                                                                                                            1,590            1,412
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract and contract fulfillment costs                                                              1,035              969
Amortization included in operating costs                                                                                               (811)            (791)
Dispositions                                                                                                                17           (6)              —
Ending balance, December 31                                                                                                           1,808            1,590

Contract costs are amortized over periods ranging from 12 to 84 months.




34 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 17               Assets and liabilities held for sale
Bell Media radio stations
In the first half of 2025, Bell Media completed the sale of substantially all of the 45 radio stations and related assets. Proceeds for the
stations and other radio related assets are expected to be $53 million, resulting in an expected gain of $6 million to be recorded in the
income statements. As of December 31, 2025, Bell Media had received proceeds of $44 million and recorded a gain of $3 million in Other
income (expense) in the income statements and a loss of $6 million in Net gains on investments in the income statements. Completion of
the sale is expected in the first half of 2026.
Our results for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 included revenues for these radio stations of $9 million and $35 million and
are recorded in the Bell Media segment. The transaction did not have a significant impact on our net earnings for 2025 and 2024.

OUTEDGE advertising displays
On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTEDGE. Pursuant to a consent agreement negotiated with the Competition
Bureau, Bell Media was required to dispose of 669 advertising displays in Québec and Ontario. On October 4, 2024, we entered into an
agreement to dispose of these advertising displays. In April 2025, Bell Media completed the sale of these advertising displays for net
proceeds of $14 million, resulting in a gain of $4 million recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements.

Home security and monitored alarm assets
In Q2 2025, BCE entered into an agreement to sell substantially all of its home security and monitored alarm assets to a.p.i. ALARM Inc. On
October 1, 2025, BCE completed the previously announced sale to a.p.i. ALARM Inc. for $170 million. We have received proceeds of
$65 million and expect to receive $25 million in 2027 and up to $80 million will also be received in 2027 contingent on the achievement of
certain performance objectives. A gain on sale of $57 million was also recorded in Net gains on investments in the income statements.
Intangible assets included in assets held for sale were no longer amortized effective June 2025.
Our results for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 included revenues for the home security and monitored alarm assets of
$48 million and $69 million, respectively, and are recorded in the Bell CTS Canada segment. The transaction did not have a significant
impact on our net earnings for 2025 and 2024.

Minority stake in MLSE
On July 1, 2025, BCE completed the previously announced disposition of its minority stake in MLSE. We recorded gross proceeds of
$4.7 billion and an income tax liability of $542 million. A gain on sale of $5.2 billion was also recorded in Net gains on investments in the
income statements.
Included in liabilities held for sale in our statements of financial position at December 31, 2024 was a net liability of $493 million which
reflects BCE's share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in MLSE. As of September 18, 2024, BCE no longer
recorded equity income or losses from the investment or any changes to the fair value of the obligation to repurchase the minority interest in
MLSE.
Our results for the year ended December 31, 2024 included equity income of $6 million, recorded in Other income (expense) in the income
statements.




                                                                                                                                           35
The following table summarizes the carrying value of the assets and liabilities that are classified as held for sale at December 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024.

For the year ended December 31                                                                               Note        2025           2024
Assets held for sale:
Bell Media radio stations
   Property, plant and equipment                                                                              18           —             12
   Intangible assets                                                                                          20           —             26
   Goodwill                                                                                                   23           —             17
OUTEDGE advertising displays
   Property, plant and equipment                                                                        4,    18           —             22
   Intangible assets                                                                                    4,    20           —              3
Other
   Trade and other receivables                                                                                              3            —
   Property, plant and equipment                                                                              18            3            —
   Intangible assets                                                                                          20            1            —
Total assets held for sale                                                                                                  7            80
Liabilities held for sale:
Minority stake in MLSE                                                                                         10          —            493
Bell Media radio stations
   Long-term debt                                                                                                          —              7
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                —              6
   Other non-current liabilities                                                                                           —              2
OUTEDGE advertising displays
   Debt due within one year                                                                                                —              3
   Long-term debt                                                                                                          —             18
Other
   Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                     3            —
   Debt due within one year                                                                                                 4            —
   Long-term debt                                                                                                           3            —
Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                            10           529
Net assets held for sale                                                                                                   (3)         (449)




36 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 18                    Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                          Network infrastructure     Land and      Assets under
For the year ended December 31, 2025                                      Note                and equipment (1)    buildings (1)   construction       Total
Cost
January 1, 2025                                                                                         76,151          10,161            2,225    88,537
Additions                                                                                                1,983             515            2,080     4,578
Business acquisitions                                                             4                      3,000             537              435     3,972
Transfers                                                                                                1,163               3           (2,149)     (983)
Retirements and disposals                                                                               (2,791)           (109)              (5)   (2,905)
Impairment (losses) reversals recognized in earnings                              8                       (135)             12               —       (123)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                             17                         (1)             (2)              —         (3)
Net foreign exchange differences                                                                           (23)             (4)              (5)      (32)
December 31, 2025                                                                                       79,347          11,113           2,581     93,041
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2025                                                                                         52,681           5,855               —     58,536
Depreciation                                                                                             3,319             542               —      3,861
Retirements and disposals                                                                               (2,764)            (80)              —     (2,844)
Transfers                                                                                                    9             (15)              —         (6)
Net foreign exchange differences                                                                            (1)             —                —         (1)
Other                                                                                                      (40)             (6)              —        (46)
December 31, 2025                                                                                       53,204           6,296               —     59,500
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2025                                                                                         23,470           4,306           2,225     30,001
December 31, 2025                                                                                       26,143           4,817           2,581     33,541

(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 19, Leases, for additional details.

                                                                                                        Network
                                                                                              infrastructure and     Land and      Assets under
   For the year ended December 31, 2024                                          Note              equipment (1)   buildings (1)   construction      Total
   Cost
   January 1, 2024                                                                                      74,676           9,805           2,355     86,836
   Additions                                                                                             2,092             430           2,107      4,629
   Business acquisitions                                                              4                     72             184              10        266
   Transfers                                                                                               881              79          (2,239)    (1,279)
   Retirements and disposals                                                                            (1,484)           (232)             (8)    (1,724)
   Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                         8                      (85)            (95)             —        (180)
   Reclassified to assets held for sale                                            17                       (1)            (10)             —          (11)
   December 31, 2024                                                                                    76,151         10,161            2,225     88,537
   Accumulated depreciation
   January 1, 2024                                                                                      50,926           5,558              —      56,484
   Depreciation                                                                                          3,245             513              —       3,758
   Retirements and disposals                                                                            (1,447)           (214)             —      (1,661)
   Other                                                                                                   (43)             (2)             —         (45)
   December 31, 2024                                                                                    52,681           5,855              —      58,536
   Net carrying amount
   January 1, 2024                                                                                      23,750           4,247           2,355     30,352
   December 31, 2024                                                                                    23,470           4,306           2,225     30,001
(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 19, Leases, for additional details.




                                                                                                                                                         37
Note 19                 Leases
Right-of-use assets
BCE’s significant right-of-use assets under leases are satellites, office premises, land, cellular tower sites, retail outlets and OOH advertising
spaces. Right-of-use assets are presented in Property, plant and equipment in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                                             Network
                                                                                                   infrastructure and    Land and
For the year ended December 31, 2025                                                      Note             equipment     buildings          Total
Cost
January 1, 2025                                                                                               4,421         4,999          9,420
Additions                                                                                                       379           473            852
Transfers                                                                                                      (282)          (93)          (375)
Business acquisitions                                                                                            —             52             52
Lease terminations                                                                                             (668)          (56)          (724)
Impairment (losses) reversals recognized in earnings                                           8                 (8)           17              9
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                                          17                 —             (2)            (2)
December 31, 2025                                                                                             3,842         5,390          9,232
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2025                                                                                               2,397         2,470          4,867
Depreciation                                                                                                    461           413            874
Transfers                                                                                                      (141)          (20)          (161)
Lease terminations                                                                                             (660)          (29)          (689)
December 31, 2025                                                                                             2,057         2,834          4,891
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2025                                                                                               2,024         2,529          4,553
December 31, 2025                                                                                             1,785         2,556          4,341



                                                                                                             Network
                                                                                                   infrastructure and    Land and
For the year ended December 31, 2024                                                      Note             equipment     buildings          Total
Cost
January 1, 2024                                                                                               4,271         4,774          9,045
Additions                                                                                                       444           327            771
Transfers                                                                                                      (245)           (5)          (250)
Business acquisitions                                                                                            —            140            140
Lease terminations                                                                                              (49)         (141)          (190)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                                       8                 —            (86)           (86)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                                          17                 —            (10)           (10)
December 31, 2024                                                                                             4,421         4,999          9,420
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2024                                                                                               2,103         2,216          4,319
Depreciation                                                                                                    464           384            848
Transfers                                                                                                      (135)            2           (133)
Lease terminations                                                                                              (35)         (132)          (167)
December 31, 2024                                                                                             2,397         2,470          4,867
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2024                                                                                               2,168         2,558          4,726
December 31, 2024                                                                                             2,024         2,529          4,553




38 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Leases in net earnings
The following table provides the expenses related to leases recognized in net earnings.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                            2025          2024
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                                     194           218
Variable lease payment expenses not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                                      112            116
Expenses for leases of low value assets                                                                                    77             69
Expenses for short-term leases                                                                                             31             31


Leases in the statements of cash flows
Total cash outflow related to leases was $1,537 million and $1,567 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024,
respectively.

Principal lease payments
Total principal payment on lease liabilities included in Repayment of long-term debt in the consolidated statements of cash flows (statements
of cash flows) was $1,127 million and $1,142 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

Additional disclosures
See Note 25, Debt due within one year, and Note 26, Long-term debt, for lease liabilities balances included in the statements of financial
position.
See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for a maturity analysis of lease liabilities.
See Note 35, Commitments and contingencies, for leases committed but not yet commenced as at December 31, 2025.




                                                                                                                                          39
Note 20                      Intangible assets
                                                                    Finite-life                                      Indefinite-life
                                                         Customer     Program                                     Spectrum                                    Total
For the year ended                                        relation- and feature                                   and other    Broadcast                 intangible
December 31, 2025                      Note   Software       ships film rights        Other     Total   Brands     licences      licences       Total        assets
Cost
January 1, 2025                                12,000       1,818             677      514    15,009     2,387       6,500              855     9,742      24,751
Additions                                         332          —            1,403        9     1,744       —             6               —         6        1,750
Business acquisitions                    4         64         834              23        1       922      233           30               —       263        1,185
Transfers                                         920          —               —        13       933      (13)          —                —       (13)         920
Retirements and disposals                        (579)        (43)                —    (35)    (657)        —           —                —         —         (657)
Impairment losses recognized in
  earnings                               8        (48)         (1)           (250)      (3)    (302)       (43)        (17)            (523)    (583)        (885)
Amortization included in operating
  costs                                            —           —           (1,105)      —     (1,105)       —           —                —         —        (1,105)
Net foreign exchange differences                   (1)         (5)             —        —         (6)       (2)         —                —         (2)          (8)
Reclassified to assets held for sale    17         —           (1)                —     —         (1)       —           —                —         —            (1)
December 31, 2025                              12,688       2,602             748      499    16,537     2,562       6,519              332     9,413      25,950
Accumulated amortization
January 1, 2025                                 6,517       1,185                 —    263     7,965        —           —                —         —        7,965
Amortization                                    1,225         124                 —     28     1,377        —           —                —         —        1,377
Transfers                                           4          —                  —     —          4        —           —                —         —            4
Retirements and disposals                        (572)        (23)                —    (35)     (630)       —           —                —         —         (630)
December 31, 2025                               7,174       1,286                 —    256     8,716        —           —                —         —        8,716
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2025                                 5,483         633             677      251     7,044     2,387       6,500              855     9,742      16,786
December 31, 2025                               5,514       1,316             748      243     7,821     2,562       6,519              332     9,413      17,234


                                                                    Finite-life                                      Indefinite-life
                                                         Customer     Program                                     Spectrum                                    Total
For the year ended                                        relation- and feature                                   and other    Broadcast                 intangible
December 31, 2024                      Note   Software       ships film rights        Other     Total   Brands     licences      licences       Total        assets
Cost
January 1, 2024                                11,345       1,778             651      521    14,295     2,432       5,949             1,434    9,815      24,110
Additions                                         317          —            1,328        4     1,649        —          553                —       553       2,202
Business acquisitions                     4         4          40                 —     —         44        4           1                 —         5          49
Transfers                                       1,279          —                  —     —      1,279        —           —                 —        —        1,279
Retirements and disposals                        (860)         —                  —     (1)     (861)       —           —                 (1)      (1)       (862)
Impairment losses recognized in
  earnings                                8       (85)         —             (144)     (10)    (239)       (49)         —              (578)    (627)        (866)
Amortization included in operating
  costs                                            —           —           (1,158)      —     (1,158)       —           —                —        —         (1,158)
Reclassified to assets held for sale     17        —           —               —        —         —         —           (3)              —        (3)           (3)
December 31, 2024                              12,000       1,818             677      514    15,009     2,387       6,500              855     9,742      24,751
Accumulated amortization
January 1, 2024                                 6,193       1,089                 —    219     7,501        —           —                 —        —        7,501
Amortization                                    1,142          96                 —     45     1,283        —           —                 —        —        1,283
Retirements and disposals                        (818)         —                  —     (1)     (819)       —           —                 —        —         (819)
December 31, 2024                               6,517       1,185                 —    263     7,965        —           —                 —        —        7,965
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2024                                 5,152         689             651      302     6,794     2,432       5,949             1,434    9,815      16,609
December 31, 2024                               5,483         633             677      251     7,044     2,387       6,500               855    9,742      16,786




40 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 21                   Investments in associates and joint ventures
The following tables provide summarized financial information with respect to BCE’s associates and joint ventures. For more details on our
associates and joint ventures, see Note 36, Related party transactions.

Statements of financial position
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                  2025      2024
Assets                                                                                                                                        1,473     1,531
Liabilities                                                                                                                                    (730)     (796)
Total net assets                                                                                                                                743       735
BCE's share of net assets                                                                                                                       396       341


Income statements
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                Note              2025      2024
Revenues                                                                                                                                       1,691     2,426
Expenses                                                                                                                                      (1,676)   (2,906)
Total net gains (losses)                                                                                                                         15      (480)
BCE’s share of net gains (losses)                                                                                               10                 8     (237)




Note 22                   Other non-current assets
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                Note             2025       2024
Long-term wireless device financing plan receivables                                                                           13               399       410
Long-term receivables                                                                                                                           599       430
Derivative assets                                                                                                               30               73       224
Publicly-traded and privately-held investments                                                                                  30            1,198       877
Investments (1)                                                                                                                  30             246       225
Other                                                                                                                                           122       123
Total other non-current assets                                                                                                                2,637     2,289
(1) These amounts have been pledged as security related to obligations for certain employee benefits and are not available for general use.




                                                                                                                                                             41
Note 23                Goodwill
The following tables provide details about the changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2025
and 2024. BCE’s groups of CGUs for purposes of goodwill impairment testing correspond to our reporting segments.

                                                                                        Bell CTS      Bell CTS         Bell
For the year ended December 31, 2025                                         Note        Canada            U.S.       Media           BCE
Cost
January 1, 2025                                                                           8,266            —          3,127        11,393
Acquisitions and disposition                                                     4           20         3,022           (53)        2,989
Net foreign exchange differences                                                             —            (19)           —            (19)
December 31, 2025                                                                         8,286         3,003         3,074        14,363
Accumulated impairment
January 1, 2025                                                                              —              —         (1,132)       (1,132)
December 31, 2025                                                                            —              —         (1,132)       (1,132)
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2025                                                                           8,266            —          1,995        10,261
December 31, 2025                                                                         8,286         3,003         1,942        13,231


For the year ended December 31, 2024                                                       Note       Bell CTS    Bell Media          BCE
Cost
January 1, 2024                                                                                         8,099         2,843        10,942
Acquisitions                                                                                  4           167           284           451
December 31, 2024                                                                                       8,266         3,127        11,393
Accumulated impairment
January 1, 2024                                                                                            —             —              —
Impairment losses                                                                             8            —         (1,132)        (1,132)
December 31, 2024                                                                                          —         (1,132)        (1,132)
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2024                                                                                         8,099         2,843        10,942
December 31, 2024                                                                                       8,266         1,995        10,261


Impairment testing
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually in Q4 and also when there is an indication that goodwill might be impaired by comparing the
carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to its recoverable amount, where the recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of
disposal and value in use.
In Q3 2024, due to a continued decline in advertising demand and spending in the linear advertising market for Bell Media TV services and
radio markets, there was an indicator that goodwill might be impaired for the Bell Media group of CGUs. Consequently, an impairment
charge of $1,132 million was recognized in Impairment of assets in the income statements.

Recoverable amount
The recoverable amount for the Bell CTS Canada group of CGUs is its value in use. The recoverable amount for each of the Bell CTS U.S.
and Bell Media groups of CGUs is its fair value less cost of disposal.
The recoverable amount for our groups of CGUs is determined by discounting five-year cash flow projections derived from business plans
reviewed by senior management. The projections reflect management’s expectations of revenue, adjusted EBITDA, capital expenditures,
working capital and operating cash flows, based on past experience and future expectations of operating performance, including any impact
from changes in interest rates and inflation.
Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using perpetuity growth rates. None of the perpetuity growth rates exceed the long-
term historical growth rates for the markets in which we operate.
The discount rates are applied to the cash flow projections and are derived from the weighted average cost of capital for each group of
CGUs.




42 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
The following table shows the key assumptions used to estimate the recoverable amounts of our groups of CGUs.

                                                                                                            Assumptions used
                                                                                                           Perpetuity        Discount
Groups of CGUs                                                                                            growth rate             rate
Bell CTS Canada                                                                                                  1.5%               7.0%
Bell CTS U.S.                                                                                                    3.5%               9.0%
Bell Media                                                                                                       0.5%              10.8%

We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on which the estimate of recoverable amount of the Bell CTS
Canada group of CGUs is based would not cause its carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
For the Bell CTS U.S. group of CGUs, a decrease of 1.2% in the perpetuity growth rate or an increase of 1.0% in the discount rate would
have resulted in its recoverable amount being equal to its carrying value.
For the Bell Media group of CGUs, a decrease of 2.1% in the perpetuity growth rate or an increase of 1.2% in the discount rate would have
resulted in its recoverable amount being equal to its carrying value.




Note 24                Trade payables and other liabilities
For the year ended December 31                                                                          Note            2025        2024
Trade payables and accruals                                                                                          2,817         2,961
Compensation payable                                                                                                   547           543
Severance and other costs payable                                                                                      193           157
Commodity taxes payable                                                                                                118           146
Derivative liabilities                                                                                    30            76            41
Provisions                                                                                                27            55            65
Other current liabilities                                                                                              586           594
Total trade payables and other liabilities                                                                           4,392         4,507




                                                                                                                                      43
Note 25                   Debt due within one year
                                                                                                  Weighted average interest
For the year ended December 31                                                            Note    rate at December 31, 2025                    2025            2024
Notes payable (1)                                                                            30                         2.40 %               2,566            2,203
Loans secured by receivables (2)                                                             30                         3.29 %               1,594            1,600
Supplier finance arrangements due within one year                                            26                         4.00 %                  70               73
Long-term debt due within one year (3)                                                       26                         4.10 %               1,925            3,793
Total debt due within one year                                                                                                               6,155            7,669

(1) Includes commercial paper of $1,861 million in U.S. dollars ($2,550 million in Canadian dollars) and $1,522 million in U.S. dollars ($2,190 million in Canadian
    dollars) as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, which were issued under our U.S. commercial paper program and have been hedged for
    foreign currency fluctuations with forward currency contracts. See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(2) Loans secured by receivables totaled $1,163 million in U.S. dollars ($1,594 million in Canadian dollars) and $1,112 million in U.S. dollars ($1,600 million in
    Canadian dollars) as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, and have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with forward currency
    contracts. See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(3) Included in long-term debt due within one year is the current portion of lease liabilities of $933 million and $1,088 million as at December 31, 2025 and December
    31, 2024, respectively.

Securitized receivables
Our securitized receivables program is recorded as floating rate revolving loans secured by certain receivables. The securitization program
includes a financing cost that varies based on our performance of certain sustainability performance targets.
The following table provides further details on our securitized receivables program during 2025 and 2024.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                               2025               2024
Average interest rate throughout the year                                                                                                   3.78%             5.50%
Securitized receivables                                                                                                                      3,470             3,405
Maximum amount available under our securitization program                                                                                    2,300             2,300


We continue to service trade receivables and wireless device financing plan receivables under the securitization program, which matures in
June 2027 unless terminated prior to maturity. The lenders' interest in the collection of these receivables ranks ahead of our interests, which
means that we are exposed to certain risks of default on the amounts securitized.
We have provided various credit enhancements in the form of overcollateralization and subordination of our retained interests.
The lenders have no further claim on our other assets if customers do not pay the amounts owed.

Credit facilities
Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate principal amount of
$3.0 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount of notes exceed $3.5 billion in
Canadian currency.
On September 23, 2025, Bell Canada entered into a $500 million in U.S. dollars ($692 million in Canadian dollars) unsecured term loan
agreement to finance certain transactions in the U.S. On September 26, 2025, $500 million in U.S. dollars ($697 million in Canadian dollars)
was drawn under this loan agreement. The term loan is repayable at maturity in September 2032. The loan agreement has been designated
as a net investment hedge of Bell Canada’s investment in Ziply Fiber. See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
On April 14, 2025, Bell Canada entered into a $700 million in U.S. dollars ($972 million in Canadian dollars) unsecured committed term loan
agreement to finance certain purchase obligations. A first loan advance in the amount of $228 million in U.S. dollars ($315 million in
Canadian dollars) was made on April 29, 2025. On August 19, 2025, a second loan advance in the amount of $148 million in U.S. dollars
($206 million in Canadian dollars) was made. On November 4, 2025, a third loan advance in the amount of $111 million in U.S. dollars
($157 million in Canadian dollars) was made. Subsequent to year end, on January 28, 2026, a fourth loan advance of $102 million in U.S.
dollars ($139 million in Canadian dollars) was made. The term loans are repayable in multiple periodic installments between July 2026 until
maturity of the credit facility in April 2029. The loan advances have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations.




44 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
On November 1, 2024, Bell Canada entered into a commitment letter (Commitment Letter) for a $3,700 million unsecured term loan facility
(Ziply Term Facility) denominated in U.S. dollars ($5,048 million in Canadian dollars) that was available to be drawn to finance the
acquisition of Ziply Fiber. In Q1 2025 and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Commitment Letter, Bell Canada made reductions of
$965 million in U.S. dollars ($1,387 million in Canadian dollars) in the aggregate amount of the Commitment Letter. On April 15, 2025, Bell
Canada made further reductions of $225 million in U.S. dollars ($314 million in Canadian dollars) in the aggregate amount of the
Commitment Letter. On July 2, 2025, Bell Canada terminated the Ziply Term Facility and canceled the remaining $2,510 million in U.S.
dollars ($3,419 million in Canadian dollars) in the aggregate amount of the Commitment Letter as a result of the completion of the previously
announced disposition of its minority stake in MLSE.
The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2025.

                                                                                                                                        Commercial
                                                                                                                          Letters of          paper
                                                                                  Total available           Drawn             credit    outstanding     Net available
Committed credit facilities
 Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1) (2)                                4,000               —                —             2,550            1,450
 Unsecured committed term loan facility                                                       960              668               —                —               292
 Unsecured term loan facility                                                                 686              686               —                —                —
 Unsecured non-revolving credit facilities                                                    641               55               —                —               586
 Other                                                                                        106               —                71               —                35
Total committed credit facilities                                                           6,393            1,409               71            2,550            2,363
Non-committed credit facilities
 Bell Canada                                                                                1,840               —               604                —            1,236
Total non-committed credit facilities                                                       1,840               —               604                —            1,236
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                         8,233            1,409              675            2,550            3,599
(1) Bell Canada’s $2.7 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in December 2030 and its $1.3 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in December
    2028.
(2) As of December 31, 2025, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $1,861 million in U.S. dollars ($2,550 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell
    Canada’s commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt due within one year.


Restrictions
Some of our credit agreements:
•  require us to meet specific financial ratios
•  require us to offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or Bell Canada
We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such credit agreements.




                                                                                                                                                                     45
Note 26                   Long-term debt
                                                                                      Weighted average interest
For the year ended December 31                                                 Note   rate at December 31, 2025            Maturity             2025             2024
    Debt securities
      1997 trust indenture (1)                                                                               4.42%       2026-2055           17,502           20,273
      1976 trust indenture                                                                                   9.38%       2027-2054              975              975
      2016 U.S. trust indenture (2)                                                                          4.37%       2032-2054            7,840            9,445
      1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                                    8.21%       2026-2031              275              275
      2025 Canadian trust indenture (subordinated)                                                           5.63%            2055            1,250               —
      2025 U.S. trust indenture (subordinated) (3)                                                           6.94%            2055            3,088               —
    Lease liabilities                                                                                        4.24%       2026-2069            4,309            4,591
    Bell Mobility trade loan (4)                                                                                                                 —               863
    Unsecured committed term loan facility (5)                                                               4.40%       2026-2029              668               —
    Unsecured term loan facility (6)                                                                         5.38%            2032              686               —
    Supplier finance arrangements                                                                            4.00%       2026-2030              165              197
    Other                                                                                                                                       312              243
Total debt                                                                                                                                   37,070           36,862
   Net unamortized discount                                                                                                                      (8)             (29)
   Unamortized debt issuance costs                                                                                                             (163)            (132)
   Less amounts due within one year:
      Supplier finance arrangements                                              25                                                              (70)            (73)
      Long-term debt                                                             25                                                           (1,925)         (3,793)
Total long-term debt                                                                                                                         34,904           32,835
(1) At December 31, 2025 and 2024, $1,995 million and $1,300 million, respectively, have been swapped from fixed to floating using interest rate swaps. As at
    December 31, 2025 and 2024, $525 million has been swapped from fixed to floating with forward interest rate swaps starting in 2028. See Note 30, Financial and
    capital management, for additional details.
(2) At December 31, 2025 and 2024, notes issued under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture totaled $5,706 million and $6,550 million in U.S. dollars, respectively, and have
    been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(3) At December 31, 2025, notes issued under the 2025 U.S. trust indenture (subordinated) totaled $2,250 million in U.S. dollars, and have been hedged for foreign
    currency and interest rate fluctuations with foreign exchange swaps, interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 30, Financial and capital
    management, for additional details.
(4) In 2025, Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) early redeemed the $600 million in U.S. dollars loan incurred under the Bell Mobility trade loan agreement. The loan
    agreement had been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations. See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(5) At December 31, 2025, loans incurred under the unsecured committed term loan facility totaled $487 million in U.S. dollars and have been hedged for foreign
    currency fluctuations with cross currency swaps. See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(6) At December 31, 2025, loans incurred under the unsecured term loan facility totaled $500 million in U.S. dollars to partially hedge the U.S. currency exposure
    related to our net investment in Ziply Fiber. See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for additional details.

Bell Canada's debt securities have been issued in Canadian dollars with the exception of debt securities issued under the 2016 U.S. trust
indenture and 2025 U.S. trust indenture (subordinated), which have been issued in U.S. dollars. All debt securities were issued at a fixed
interest rate. We have entered into interest rate and cross currency interest rate derivatives to manage interest rate risk as disclosed in Note
30, Financial and capital management.

Supplier finance arrangements
Supplier finance arrangements are agreements whereby a finance provider pays amounts to a participating supplier in respect of invoices
owed by BCE and receives the settlement from BCE at a later date. These arrangements have an average term of 5 years, whereas
comparable trade payables would have payment terms between 30 and 60 days.

Restrictions
Some of our debt agreements:
•  impose covenants and new issue tests
•  require us to make an offer to repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of control event as defined
   in the relevant debt agreements
We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such debt agreements.




46 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
All outstanding debt securities have been issued under trust indentures, are unsecured and have been guaranteed by BCE. All debt
securities have been issued in series and certain series are redeemable at Bell Canada’s option prior to maturity at the prices, times and
conditions specified for each series.

2025
On December 8, 2025, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, all of its 3.55% Series M-41 medium-term note (MTN) debentures, that had
an outstanding principal amount of $750 million, for an aggregate purchase price of $750 million. We recognized early debt redemption
costs of $1 million, which were recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements, primarily due to losses on terminated bond
locks.
On August 28, 2025, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, all of the Secured Fiber Network Revenue Term Notes (Term Notes) originally
issued by Ziply Fiber, that had an outstanding principal amount of $1,594 million in U.S. dollars ($2,192 million in Canadian dollars), for an
aggregate purchase price of $1,672 million in U.S. dollars ($2,300 million in Canadian dollars). We recognized early debt redemption costs
of $109 million, which were recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements and which included adjustments to the provisional
estimates of the fair value assigned to the Term Notes. See Note 4, Business acquisitions and disposition, for additional details.
On August 20, 2025, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, all of the Secured Fiber Network Revenue Funding Notes (Funding Notes)
originally issued by Ziply Fiber, that had an outstanding principal amount of $367 million in U.S. dollars ($509 million in Canadian dollars),
for an aggregate purchase price of $367 million in U.S. dollars ($509 million in Canadian dollars).
On August 19, 2025, Bell Canada repurchased, in the open market, a principal amount of $7 million of its 4.05% Series M-55 MTN
debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $90 million, which mature on March 17, 2051, for a cash purchase price of
$6 million. We recognized early debt redemption gains of $1 million, which were recorded in Other income (expense) in the income
statements, primarily due to the fair value discount, offset by recognition of unamortized debt issue costs related to these debt securities.
On August 14, 2025, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture:
•   3.65% Series M-64 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $400 million, which mature on August 14, 2029
•   4.30% Series M-65 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $500 million, which mature on March 14, 2033
•   4.70% Series M-66 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $600 million, which mature on March 14, 2036
•   5.25% Series M-67 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $500 million, which mature on August 14, 2055
As a result of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber on August 1, 2025, Bell Canada assumed Ziply Fiber's outstanding debt of $1.94 billion in U.S.
dollars ($2.68 billion in Canadian dollars).
On June 30, 2025, Bell Mobility early redeemed the $600 million in U.S. dollars ($819 million in Canadian dollars) loan incurred under the
Bell Mobility trade loan agreement. The loan agreement had been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations. See Note 30, Financial and
capital management, for additional details.
On June 12, 2025, Bell Canada repurchased, pursuant to tender offers:
•   a principal amount of $105 million of its 4.35% Series M-39 MTN debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $500 million,
    which mature on December 18, 2045
•   a principal amount of $100 million of its 4.45% Series M-45 MTN debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $500 million,
    which mature on February 27, 2047
•   a principal amount of $35 million of its 3.50% Series M-51 MTN debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $119 million,
    which mature on September 30, 2050
•   a principal amount of $460 million of its 4.05% Series M-55 MTN debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $550 million,
    which mature on March 17, 2051
for an aggregate cash purchase price of $602 million.
As a result of these cash tender offers, in Q2 2025, we recognized early debt redemption gains of $91 million, which were recorded in Other
income (expense) in the income statements, primarily due to the fair value discount, offset by recognition of unamortized debt issue costs
related to these debt securities.
On March 27, 2025, Bell Canada repurchased, pursuant to tender offers:
•   a principal amount of $174 million in U.S. dollars ($249 million in Canadian dollars) of its 4.300% Series US-2 Notes, that had an
    outstanding principal amount of $600 million in U.S. dollars ($856 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on July 29, 2049
•   a principal amount of $79 million in U.S. dollars ($112 million in Canadian dollars) of its 3.650% Series US-4 Notes, that had an
    outstanding principal amount of $500 million in U.S. dollars ($713 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on March 17, 2051
•   a principal amount of $183 million in U.S. dollars ($261 million in Canadian dollars) of its 2.150% Series US-5 Notes, that had an
    outstanding principal amount of $600 million in U.S. dollars ($856 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2032



                                                                                                                                           47
•   a principal amount of $191 million in U.S. dollars ($273 million in Canadian dollars) of its 3.200% Series US-6 Notes, that had an
    outstanding principal amount of $650 million in U.S. dollars ($927 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2052
•   a principal amount of $217 million in U.S. dollars ($310 million in Canadian dollars) of its 3.650% Series US-7 Notes, that had an
    outstanding principal amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,070 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on August 15, 2052
for an aggregate cash purchase price of $633 million in U.S. dollars ($903 million in Canadian dollars).
In addition, on the same date, Bell Canada repurchased, pursuant to a tender offer, a principal amount of $1,131 million of its 3.50% Series
M-51 MTN debentures, that had an outstanding principal amount of $1,250 million, which mature on September 30, 2050, for a cash
purchase price of $896 million.
As a result of these cash tender offers, in Q1 2025, we recognized early debt redemption gains of $266 million, which were recorded in
Other income (expense) in the income statements, primarily due to the fair value discount, offset by recognition of unamortized debt issue
costs related to these debt securities and losses on terminated cross currency interest rate swaps.
On March 27, 2025, Bell Canada issued, under its Canadian subordinated trust indenture dated as of March 27, 2025 as supplemented and
amended from time to time (2025 Canadian Subordinated Indenture), Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series C (Series C
Notes) with a principal amount of $1,250 million, which initially bear interest at an annual rate of 5.625% and reset every five years starting
on March 27, 2030 at an annual rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada yield plus a spread of 2.950%, provided that the interest
rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 5.625%, which mature on March 27, 2055. Bell Canada may redeem the Series
C Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount commencing on the applicable first reset date.
On February 18, 2025, Bell Canada issued, under its U.S. subordinated trust indenture dated as of February 18, 2025 as supplemented and
amended from time to time (2025 U.S. Subordinated Indenture), Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series A (Series A Notes),
with a principal amount of $1,000 million in U.S. dollars ($1,416 million in Canadian dollars), which initially bear interest at an annual rate of
6.875% and reset every five years starting on September 15, 2030 at an annual rate equal to the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread
of 2.390%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 6.875%, which mature on September 15,
2055. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued, under its 2025 U.S. Subordinated Indenture, Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior
Subordinated Notes, Series B (Series B Notes), with a principal amount of $1,250 million in U.S. dollars ($1,771 million in Canadian dollars),
which initially bear interest at an annual rate of 7.000% and reset every five years starting on September 15, 2035 at an annual rate equal to
the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.363%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset
below 7.000%, which mature on September 15, 2055. Bell Canada may redeem either of the Series A Notes or Series B Notes, in whole or
in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount commencing on the applicable first reset dates. The Series A Notes and
Series B Notes have been hedged for foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations with foreign exchange swaps having maturity dates in
2025, interest rate swaps having maturity dates in 2030 and 2035 and cross currency interest rate swaps having maturity dates in 2030 and
2035. See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
The Series M-64, M-65, M-66, M-67 MTN debentures and the Series A Notes, Series B Notes and Series C Notes are fully and
unconditionally guaranteed by BCE.
Subsequent to year end, on February 12, 2026, Bell Canada issued, under its 2025 Canadian Subordinated Indenture, Fixed-to-Fixed Rate
Junior Subordinated Notes, Series D (Series D Notes), with a principal amount of $750 million, which initially bear interest at an annual rate
of 5.375% and reset every five years starting on May 12, 2031 at an annual rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada yield plus a
spread of 2.388%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 5.375%, which mature on May 12,
2056. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued, under its 2025 Canadian Subordinated Indenture, Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior
Subordinated Notes, Series E (Series E Notes), with a principal amount of $750 million, which initially bear interest at an annual rate of
5.875% and reset every five years starting on May 12, 2036 at an annual rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada yield plus a
spread of 2.440%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 5.875%, which mature on May 12,
2056. Bell Canada may redeem either of the Series D Notes or Series E Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of
the principal amount commencing on the applicable first reset dates.

2024
On May 24, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.60% Series M-61 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of
$400 million, which mature on August 11, 2053. The Series M-61 debentures were issued pursuant to a re-opening of an existing series of
MTN debentures. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.15% Series M-63 MTN debentures,
with a principal amount of $1.1 billion, which mature on August 24, 2034.
On February 15, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 5.200% Series US-9 Notes, with a principal amount of
$700 million in U.S. dollars ($942 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2034. The Series US-9 Notes have been
hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross currency interest rate swaps. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued,
under its 2016 trust indenture, 5.550% Series US-10 Notes, with a principal amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,009 million in
Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2054. The Series US-10 Notes have been




48 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 30, Financial and capital management, for
additional details.
The Series M-61 and M-63 MTN debentures and the Series US-9 and US-10 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by BCE.




Note 27                   Provisions
For the year ended December 31                                                                Note         AROs         Other (1)        Total
January 1, 2025                                                                                              161            192           353
Additions                                                                                                     25             28            53
Usage                                                                                                         (7)           (34)          (41)
Reversals                                                                                                     (1)           (11)          (12)
December 31, 2025                                                                                            178            175           353
Current                                                                                         24            29             26            55
Non-current                                                                                     29           149            149           298
December 31, 2025                                                                                            178            175           353
(1) Other includes environmental, legal, vacant space and other provisions.

AROs reflect management’s best estimates of expected future costs to restore current leased premises to their original condition prior to
lease inception. Cash outflows associated with our ARO liabilities are generally expected to occur at the restoration dates of the assets to
which they relate, which are long-term in nature. The timing and extent of restoration work that will be ultimately required for these sites is
uncertain.




Note 28                   Post-employment benefit plans
Post-employment benefit plans cost
We provide pension and other benefits for most of our employees. These include DB pension plans, DC pension plans and OPEBs.
We operate our DB and DC pension plans under applicable legislation in Canada and in the U.S., which prescribes minimum and maximum
DB funding requirements. Plan assets are held in trust, and the oversight of governance of the plans, including investment decisions,
contributions to DB plans and the selection of the DC plans investment options offered to plan participants, lies with the Risk and Pension
Fund Committee, a committee of our board of directors.
The interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to a mismatch between
investment growth and obligation growth.
The longevity risk is managed using a longevity swap, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to an increase in life expectancy.

Components of post-employment benefit plans service cost
For the year ended December 31                                                                                              2025          2024
DB pension                                                                                                                 (125)         (134)
DC pension                                                                                                                 (132)         (136)
OPEBs                                                                                                                         (1)           (1)
Less:
    Capitalized benefit plans cost                                                                                           60            63
Total post-employment benefit plans service cost                                                                           (198)         (208)




                                                                                                                                            49
Components of post-employment benefit plans financing income
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                 2025           2024
DB pension                                                                                                                                     133              99
OPEBs                                                                                                                                           (31)           (33)
Total net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                                                               102             66

The statements of comprehensive income include the following amounts before income taxes.

                                                                                                                                               2025           2024
Cumulative gains recognized directly in equity, January 1                                                                                     1,228            432
   Actuarial gains in other comprehensive income (1)                                                                                            881            984
   Increase in the effect of the asset limit in other comprehensive income (2)                                                                  (22)          (188)
Cumulative gains recognized directly in equity, December 31                                                                                   2,087          1,228
(1) The cumulative actuarial gains recognized in the statements of comprehensive income are $2,729 million at December 31, 2025.
(2) The cumulative increase in the effect of the asset limit recognized in the statements of comprehensive income is $642 million at December 31, 2025.

Components of post-employment benefit assets (obligations)
The following table shows the change in post-employment benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets.

                                                                               DB pension plans                  OPEB plans                        Total
                                                                    Note           2025           2024            2025           2024            2025         2024
Post-employment benefit obligations, January 1                                 (20,134)        (20,595)        (1,054)         (1,074)       (21,188)      (21,669)
    Current service cost                                                          (125)           (134)            (1)             (1)          (126)         (135)
    Interest on obligations                                                       (924)           (927)           (48)            (49)          (972)         (976)
    Actuarial gains (1)                                                            437             214             36              —             473           214
    Benefit payments                                                             1,404           1,349             69              70          1,473         1,419
    Employee contributions                                                          (7)             (8)            —               —              (7)           (8)
    Business combinations                                               4         (181)            (33)           (43)             —            (224)          (33)
    Other                                                                           (2)             —              —               —              (2)           —
Post-employment benefit obligations, December 31                               (19,532)        (20,134)        (1,041)         (1,054)       (20,573)      (21,188)
Fair value of plan assets, January 1                                            24,188          23,768            370             330         24,558       24,098
     Expected return on plan assets (2)                                          1,104           1,062             17              16          1,121        1,078
     Actuarial gains (1)                                                           401             737              7              33            408          770
     Benefit payments                                                           (1,404)         (1,349)           (69)            (70)        (1,473)      (1,419)
     Employer contributions                                                         50              48             59              61            109          109
     Employee contributions                                                          7               8             —               —               7            8
     Transfers to DC plans                                                        (127)           (132)            —               —            (127)        (132)
     Business combinations                                              4          201              47             —               —             201           47
     Refundable tax                                                                 (6)             —              —               —              (6)          —
     Other                                                                          (1)             (1)            —               —              (1)          (1)
Fair value of plan assets, December 31                                          24,413          24,188            384             370         24,797       24,558
Plan asset (deficit)                                                             4,881           4,054           (657)           (684)         4,224        3,370
Effect of asset limit                                                           (1,018)           (960)            —               —          (1,018)        (960)
Interest on effect of asset limit                                                  (47)            (36)            —               —             (47)         (36)
Post-employment benefit asset (liability),
   December 31                                                                    3,816          3,058           (657)           (684)         3,159         2,374
Post-employment benefit assets                                                    4,310          3,578             —               —           4,310         3,578
Post-employment benefit obligations                                                (494)          (520)          (657)           (684)        (1,151)       (1,204)
(1) Actuarial gains include experience gains of $391 million in 2025 and $809 million in 2024.
(2) The actual return on plan assets was $1,529 million or 6.4% in 2025 and $1,848 million or 8.1% in 2024.




50 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Funded status of post-employment benefit plans
The following table shows the funded status of our post-employment benefit obligations.

                                                              Funded                  Partially funded (1)       Unfunded (2)                      Total
For the year ended December 31                              2025              2024        2025          2024      2025           2024            2025          2024
Present value of post-employment
  benefit obligations                                   (18,981)        (19,558)        (1,347)       (1,425)     (245)         (205)       (20,573)        (21,188)
Fair value of plan assets                                24,355          24,123            442           435        —             —          24,797          24,558
Plan surplus (deficit)                                     5,374             4,565        (905)         (990)     (245)         (205)         4,224           3,370
Effect and interest of asset limit                        (1,065)             (996)         —             —         —             —          (1,065)           (996)
Post-employment benefit asset
  (liability)                                              4,309             3,569        (905)         (990)     (245)         (205)         3,159           2,374
(1) The partially funded plans consist of supplementary executive retirement plans (SERPs) for eligible employees and certain OPEBs. The company partially funds the
    SERPs through letters of credit and a retirement compensation arrangement account with Canada Revenue Agency. Certain paid-up life insurance benefits are
    funded through life insurance contracts.
(2) Our unfunded plans consist of certain OPEBs, which are paid as claims are incurred.

Significant assumptions
We used the following key assumptions to measure the post-employment benefit obligations and the net benefit plans cost for the DB
pension plans and OPEB plans. These assumptions are long-term, which is consistent with the nature of post-employment benefit plans.

                                                                                                                                 DB pension plans and OPEB
                                                                                                                                           plans
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                           2025           2024
Post-employment benefit obligations
    Discount rate                                                                                                                          4.9%                4.7%
    Rate of compensation increase                                                                                                         2.25%               2.25%
    Cost of living indexation rate (1)                                                                                                     1.6%                1.6%
    Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                                                    23.2                23.4
(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.

                                                                                                                                 DB pension plans and OPEB
                                                                                                                                           plans
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                             2025                2024
Net post-employment benefit plans cost
    Discount rate                                                                                                                          4.8%                4.7%
    Rate of compensation increase                                                                                                         2.25%               2.25%
    Cost of living indexation rate (1)                                                                                                     1.6%                1.6%
    Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                                                    23.4                23.4
(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.

The weighted average duration of the post-employment benefit obligation is 10 years.
We assumed the following trend rates in healthcare costs:
•  an annual increase in the cost of medication of 6.5% for 2025 decreasing to 4.0% over 20 years
•  an annual increase in the cost of covered dental benefits of 4.5%
•  an annual increase in the cost of covered hospital benefits of 3.8%
•  an annual increase in the cost of other covered healthcare benefits of 4.5%
Assumed trend rates in healthcare costs have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the healthcare plans.
The following table shows the effect of a 1% change in the assumed trend rates in healthcare costs.

Effect on post-employment benefits - increase (decrease)                                                                          1% increase           1% decrease
Total service and interest cost                                                                                                              2                   (2)
Post-employment benefit obligations                                                                                                         55                  (47)




                                                                                                                                                                  51
Sensitivity analysis
The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit obligations and the
net post-employment benefit plans cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.

                                                                                                                  Impact on post-employment
                                                                             Impact on net post-employment            benefit obligations at
                                                                               benefit plans cost for 2025 –          December 31, 2025 –
                                                                                    increase (decrease)                increase (decrease)
                                                                Change in         Increase in      Decrease in       Increase in       Decrease in
                                                               assumption        assumption        assumption       assumption         assumption
Discount rate                                                        0.5%                 (79)              76            (1,026)            1,102
Cost of living indexation rate                                       0.5%                  54              (42)              997              (800)
Life expectancy at age 65                                           1 year                 41              (40)              782              (782)


Post-employment benefit plan assets
The investment strategy for the post-employment benefit plan assets is to maintain a diversified portfolio of assets invested in a prudent
manner to maintain the security of benefits.
The following table shows the target allocations for 2025 and the allocation of our post-employment benefit plan assets at
December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                             Weighted average
                                                                              target allocation          Total plan assets fair value
Asset category                                                                            2025       December 31, 2025      December 31, 2024
Equity securities                                                                      0%-40%                       14%                       13%
Debt securities                                                                      40%-100%                       52%                       53%
Alternative investments                                                                0%-60%                       34%                       34%
Total                                                                                                              100%                      100%

The following table shows the fair value of the DB pension plan assets for each category.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                2025            2024
Observable markets data
   Equity securities
        Canadian                                                                                                              759             862
        Foreign                                                                                                             2,577           2,344
   Debt securities
        Canadian                                                                                                           10,075          11,117
        Foreign                                                                                                             2,224           1,426
        Money market                                                                                                          357             257
Non-observable markets inputs
   Alternative investments
        Private equities                                                                                                    1,077           1,066
        Hedge funds                                                                                                         1,543           1,301
        Real estate and infrastructure                                                                                      4,452           4,341
        Private debt                                                                                                        1,325           1,451
        Other                                                                                                                  24              23
Total                                                                                                                      24,413          24,188

Equity securities included less than $0.1 million of BCE common shares and less than 0.1% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024.
Debt securities included approximately $36 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.1% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2025 and
approximately $41 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.2% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2024.
The Bell Canada Pension Plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its exposure to potential increases in longevity, which
covers approximately $3 billion of post-employment benefit obligations. The fair value of the arrangement is included within other alternative
investments.




52 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Cash flows
We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various actuarial cost methods
that are permitted by pension regulatory authorities. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions about future investment returns, salary
projections and future service benefits. Changes in these factors could cause actual future contributions to differ from our current estimates
and could require us to increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans in the future, which could have a negative effect on our
liquidity and financial performance.
We contribute to the DC pension plans as employees provide service.
The following table shows the amounts we contributed to the DB and DC pension plans and the payments made to beneficiaries under
OPEB plans.

                                                                 DB plans                     DC plans                   OPEB plans
For the year ended December 31                                   2025          2024           2025          2024          2025           2024
Contributions/payments                                            (44)          (48)            (5)           (4)          (59)          (61)

We expect to contribute approximately $30 million to our DB pension plans in 2026, subject to actuarial valuations being completed. We
expect to contribute approximately $5 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately $60 million to beneficiaries under OPEB
plans in 2026.




Note 29                  Other non-current liabilities
For the year ended December 31                                                                             Note           2025          2024
Provisions                                                                                                   27           298           288
Long-term disability benefits obligation                                                                                  266           271
Derivative liabilities                                                                                       30           639           863
Other                                                                                                                     262           224
Total other non-current liabilities                                                                                     1,465          1,646




                                                                                                                                           53
Note 30                  Financial and capital management
Financial management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures and
variability of results from various financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and equity price
risk.

Derivatives
We use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and changes in the price of BCE common
shares.

Fair value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date.
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the amount and timing of future cash flows and discount rates, all
of which reflect varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred on disposition of financial instruments are
not reflected in the fair values. As a result, the fair values may not be the net amounts that would be realized if these instruments were
settled.
The carrying values of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade and other receivables, trade payables and other liabilities,
interest payable, dividends payable, notes payable and loans secured by receivables approximate fair value as they are short-term. The
carrying value of long-term receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables, approximates fair value given that their
average remaining duration is short and their carrying value is reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts and an allowance for revenue
adjustments. The carrying values of our term loan facilities and the Bell Mobility trade loans approximate fair value given they bear interest
at a variable rate.
The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of financial
position.

                                                                                                      December 31, 2025            December 31, 2024
                                                                                                       Carrying                    Carrying
                           Classification               Fair value methodology            Note            value       Fair value      value   Fair value (1)
Debt securities and        Debt due within one year and Quoted market price of         25, 26           31,236          31,286      31,247         30,022
other debt                 long-term debt               debt
(1) We have presented amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation of the current period.




54 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                                      Quoted prices in
                                                                                                     active markets for      Observable                    Non-observable
                                                                                 Carrying value of     identical assets market data (level                  market inputs
                           Classification                                   Note   asset (liability)           (level 1)              2) (1)                    (level 3) (2)
December 31, 2025
Publicly-traded and        Other non-current assets                            22                1,198                    105                       —                 1,093
privately-held
investments (3)
Derivative financial       Other current assets, trade payables                                   (513)                     —                     (513)                  —
instruments                and other liabilities, other non-current
                           assets and liabilities
Investments                Other non-current assets                            22                  246                      —                     246                    —
December 31, 2024
Publicly-traded and        Other non-current assets                            22                  877                      35                      —                   842
privately-held
investments (3)
Derivative financial       Other current assets, trade payables                                   (368)                     —                     (368)                  —
instruments                and other liabilities, other non-current
                           assets and liabilities
Investments                Other non-current assets                            22                  225                      —                     225                    —
(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows, prices of comparable investments and revenue and earnings multiples. For certain privately-held
    investments, changes in our valuation assumptions may result in a significant change in the fair value of our level 3 financial instruments.
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Other comprehensive income in the statements of comprehensive income and are reclassified from Accumulated
    other comprehensive income (loss) to the Deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.

Credit risk
We are exposed to credit risk from operating activities and certain customer financing activities, the maximum exposure of which is
represented by the carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position.
We are exposed to credit risk if counterparties to our trade and other receivables, contract assets, derivative instruments and long-term
receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables, are unable to meet their obligations. The concentration of credit risk from
our customers is minimized because we have a large and diverse customer base. There was minimal credit risk relating to derivative
instruments at December 31, 2025 and 2024. We deal with financial institutions that have investment-grade credit ratings and we expect
that they will be able to meet their obligations. We regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure, and consider, among other factors,
the effects of changes in interest rates and inflation.
The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for trade receivables.

                                                                                                                                    Note                2025            2024
Balance, January 1                                                                                                                                      (120)          (118)
Additions (1)                                                                                                                                           (235)          (169)
Usage and reversals                                                                                                                                      191            167
Balance, December 31                                                                                                                 13                 (164)          (120)
(1) Includes $38 million from the acquisition of Ziply Fiber in 2025. See Note 4, Business acquisitions and disposition for additional details.

In many instances, trade receivables are written off directly to bad debt expense if the account has not been collected after a predetermined
period of time.




                                                                                                                                                                           55
The following table provides further details on trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts.

At December 31                                                                                                                 2025          2024
Trade receivables not past due                                                                                                3,321        3,346
Trade receivables past due
    Under 60 days                                                                                                               383          484
    60 to 120 days                                                                                                              171          240
    Over 120 days                                                                                                                74          115
Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                     3,949        4,185


The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for contract assets.

                                                                                                                  Note         2025          2024
Balance, January 1                                                                                                              (18)         (18)
Additions                                                                                                                       (18)         (20)
Usage and reversals                                                                                                              24           20
Balance, December 31                                                                                                            (12)         (18)
Current                                                                                                                          (7)          (6)
Non-current                                                                                                                      (5)         (12)
Balance, December 31                                                                                               15           (12)         (18)


Liquidity risk
Our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under our securitized receivables program, cash flows from
operations and possible capital markets financing are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations and fulfill our obligations as they
become due. Should our cash requirements exceed the above sources of cash, we would expect to cover such a shortfall by drawing on
existing committed bank facilities and new debt, to the extent available.
The following table is a maturity analysis for recognized financial liabilities at December 31, 2025 for each of the next five years and
thereafter.

At December 31, 2025                                        Note       2026       2027        2028        2029        2030 Thereafter     Total
Total debt, excluding lease liabilities                       26      1,064      2,042       2,404       2,028       2,075     23,148      32,761
Lease liabilities (1)                                         26      1,091        693         483         396         390      2,196       5,249
Notes payable                                                 25      2,566         —           —           —           —          —        2,566
Loan secured by receivables                                   25      1,594         —           —           —           —          —        1,594
Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable
   and loan secured by receivables                                    1,675      1,533       1,470       1,363       1,272      17,258    24,571
Net payments (receipts) on cross currency interest
   rate swaps and interest rate swaps                                    15         (7)        (13)        (27)         74        (491)     (449)
Total                                                                 8,005      4,261       4,344       3,760       3,811      42,111    66,292
(1) Includes imputed interest of $940 million.

We are also exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities due within one year as shown in the statements of financial position.

Market risk
Currency exposures
In 2025, we entered into and subsequently settled deal contingent foreign exchange forward contracts with a notional amount of
$905 million in U.S. dollars ($1,241 million in Canadian dollars) and foreign exchange forward contracts with a notional amount of
$1,019 million in U.S. dollars ($1,402 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure related to the Ziply Fiber purchase
cost. We also designated U.S. dollar cash deposits of $3,545 million ($4,908 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency
exposure related to the Ziply Fiber purchase cost. A net gain of $7 million from settlement of the foreign exchange forwards and cash
deposits is reflected in the Ziply Fiber purchase cost.
In 2025, we designated an unsecured term loan of $500 million in U.S. dollars ($697 million in Canadian dollars) to partially hedge the U.S.
currency exposure related to our net investment in Ziply Fiber.
In 2025, we entered into amortizing cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $487 million in U.S. dollars ($678 million in
Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure on other debt maturing in 2029. The fair value of the




56 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
amortizing cross currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2025 was a net liability of $11 million recognized in Other current assets and
Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position.
In 2025, we terminated cross currency interest rate swaps entered into in 2023 and 2024 with a notional amount of $600 million in U.S.
dollars ($814 million in Canadian dollars) used to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of loans maturing in 2025 and 2026 under our Bell
Mobility trade loan agreement. The fair value of the cross currency interest rate swaps at the date of termination was $4 million.
In 2025, following the repurchase of a portion of certain debt prior to maturity, we proportionately terminated the corresponding cross
currency interest rate swaps used to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of this debt. Specifically, we terminated cross currency interest rate
swaps with a notional amount of $174 million in U.S. dollars ($235 million in Canadian dollars) relating to our Series US-2 Notes, $79 million
in U.S. dollars ($100 million in Canadian dollars) relating to our Series US-4 Notes, $183 million in U.S. dollars ($230 million in Canadian
dollars) relating to our Series US-5 Notes, $191 million in U.S. dollars ($241 million in Canadian dollars) relating to our Series US-6 Notes
and $217 million in U.S. dollars ($276 million in Canadian dollars) relating to our Series US-7 Notes. The fair value of the cross currency
interest rate swaps at the date of termination was a net liability of $110 million, reflected in the initial fair value of the cross currency interest
rate swaps relating to our Series A Notes and Series B Notes described below.
In 2025, we entered into foreign exchange swaps with a notional amount of $1,000 million in U.S. dollars ($1,398 million in Canadian
dollars), maturing in 2025, to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our Series A Notes maturing in 2055. These foreign exchange swaps
were terminated in 2025. The fair value of the foreign exchange swaps at the dates of termination was a net liability of $12 million, reflected
in the initial fair value of the cross currency interest rate swaps relating to our Series A Notes described below.
In 2025, we entered into foreign exchange swaps with a notional amount of $1,250 million in U.S. dollars ($1,769 million in Canadian
dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our Series B Notes maturing in 2055. The foreign exchange swaps matured in 2025. The
fair value of the foreign exchange swaps at maturity was $13 million. Subsequently, we entered into foreign exchange swaps with a notional
amount of $828 million in U.S. dollars ($1,167 million in Canadian dollars), maturing in 2025, to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our
Series B Notes. In 2025, we terminated a portion of these foreign exchange swaps with a notional amount of $456 million in U.S. dollars
($643 million in Canadian dollars). The fair value of the foreign exchange swaps at the date of termination was a liability of $24 million, of
which $14 million is reflected in the initial fair value of the cross currency interest rate swaps relating to our Series B Notes described below.
The remaining foreign exchange swaps with a notional amount of $372 million in U.S. dollars ($524 million in Canadian dollars) matured in
2025. The fair value of the foreign exchange swaps at maturity was a liability of $2 million. Subsequently, we entered into foreign exchange
swaps with a notional amount of $372 million in U.S. dollars ($521 million in Canadian dollars, which reflects the net liability of the matured
foreign exchange swaps). The fair value of the foreign exchange swaps at December 31, 2025 was a net liability of $13 million recognized in
Other current assets and Trade payables and other liabilities in the statements of financial position.
In 2025, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $1,000 million in U.S. dollars ($1,468 million in
Canadian dollars), maturing in 2030, to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our Series A Notes maturing in 2055. The fair value of the
cross currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2025 was a net liability of $69 million recognized in Other current assets, Trade
payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. This fair value reflects an initial net
liability of $55 million on termination of the cross currency swaps and an initial liability of $12 million on termination of the foreign exchange
swaps, both noted above, and an initial asset of $9 million on termination of the interest rate swaps noted below.
In 2025, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $878 million in U.S. dollars ($1,288 million in
Canadian dollars), maturing in 2035 to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our Series B Notes maturing in 2055. The fair value of the cross
currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2025 was a net liability of $59 million recognized in Other current assets, Other non-current
assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. This fair value reflects an
initial net liability of $55 million on termination of the cross currency swaps noted above and an initial liability of $14 million related to the
terminated foreign exchange swaps also noted above. In 2024, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of
$700 million in U.S. dollars ($942 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our US-9 Notes maturing in 2034. The
fair value of the cross currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2025 and 2024 was a net liability of $4 million recognized in Other
current assets and Other non-current liabilities and a net asset of $5 million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current
liabilities, respectively, in the statements of financial position. In 2024, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional
amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,009 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our US-10 Notes
maturing in 2054. In connection with these swaps, cross currency basis rate swaps outstanding at December 31, 2023 with a notional
amount of $644 million were settled. The fair value of the cross currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2025 and 2024 was a net
liability of $17 million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current liabilities and a net liability of $44 million recognized in Other
current assets and Other non-current liabilities, respectively, in the statements of financial position.
See Note 4, Business acquisitions and disposition, Note 25, Debt due within one year and Note 26, Long-term debt, for additional details.




                                                                                                                                                   57
The following table provides further details on our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options as at December 31, 2025.

                                                    Buy         Amount to                 Sell          Amount
Type of hedge                                  currency           receive            currency            to pay             Maturity                   Hedged item
Cash flow (1)                                       USD              1,167                CAD             1,604                 2026                          Loans
Cash flow                                           USD              1,874                CAD             2,602                 2026              Commercial paper
Cash flow                                           USD                641                CAD               852                 2026          Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                           PHP              3,299                CAD                79                 2026          Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                           USD                440                CAD               589                 2027          Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                             USD                120                CAD               158                 2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic - options (2)                              USD                 10                CAD                13                 2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                             CAD                348                USD               240                 2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                              USD                161                CAD               212                 2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                              CAD                148                USD               110                 2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                             USD                150                CAD               197                 2027          Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                              USD                120                CAD               158                 2027          Anticipated purchases
Economic - options (2)                              USD                100                CAD               135                 2027          Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                             CAD                360                USD               240                 2028          Anticipated purchases
(1) Forward contracts to hedge loans secured by receivables under our securitization program. See Note 25, Debt due within one year, for additional information.
(2) Foreign currency options with a leverage provision and a profit cap limitation.

A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar would result in a loss of $22 million (loss of
$15 million) recognized in net earnings at December 31, 2025 and a gain of $146 million (loss of $126 million) recognized in Other
comprehensive income at December 31, 2025, with all other variables held constant.
Interest rate exposures
In 2025, we entered into interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $200 million to hedge the fair value of our Series M-45 MTN
debentures maturing in 2047 and interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $200 million, maturing in 2028, to hedge the interest cost of
these debentures. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December 31, 2025 was a net liability of $9 million recognized in Other current
assets, Other non-current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position.
In 2025, we entered into interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $300 million to hedge the fair value of our Series M-65 MTN
debentures maturing in 2033. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December 31, 2025 was a net liability of $1 million recognized in
Other current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position.
In 2025, we entered into an interest rate swap with a notional amount of $300 million to hedge the fair value of our Series M-66 MTN
debentures maturing in 2036. The fair value of the interest rate swap at December 31, 2025 was a net liability of $3 million recognized in
Other current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position.
In 2025, we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $690 million, maturing in 2030 and 2035, to hedge economically the fair
value of our Series A Notes and Series B Notes maturing in 2055 for $3 million. The interest rate swaptions were terminated or expired
unexercised.
In 2025, we entered into bond forwards with a notional amount of $300 million to hedge economically the cost to repurchase a portion of our
Series M-55 MTN debentures maturing in 2051. The fair value of the bond forwards at their maturity in 2025 was a loss of $3 million.
In 2025, we entered into and subsequently terminated interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $372 million in U.S. dollars ($531 million
in Canadian dollars), maturing in 2030, to hedge the fair value of our Series A Notes maturing in 2055. The fair value of the interest rate
swaps at the dates of termination was an asset of $9 million, which is reflected in the initial fair value of the cross currency interest rate
swaps relating to our Series A Notes described above.
In 2025, we entered into interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $372 million in U.S. dollars ($531 million in Canadian dollars),
maturing in 2035, to hedge the fair value of our Series B Notes maturing in 2055. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December 31,
2025 was a net asset of $4 million recognized in Other non-current assets and Trade payables and other liabilities in the statements of
financial position.
In 2025, we terminated interest rate floors with a notional amount of $350 million used to hedge economically the interest cost of our Series
M-62 MTN debentures maturing in 2029. In 2025, we also terminated interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $105 million used to
hedge the fair value of these debentures. The fair value of the interest rate floors and interest rate swaps at the date of termination was nil.




58 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
In 2025, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2025, with a notional amount of $423 million, maturing in 2055,
to hedge the interest rate exposure on future debt issuances. The fair value of the forward starting interest rate swaps upon issuance of our
M-67 MTN debentures was an asset of $25 million.
In 2025, we entered into and subsequently terminated forward starting cross currency basis rate swaps with a notional amount of
$350 million in U.S. dollars ($500 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge economically the basis rate on the termination of the cross currency
interest rate swaps noted above. The fair value of the forward starting cross currency basis rate swaps at the date of termination was a
liability of $3 million.
In 2024, we terminated interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $625 million used to hedge the fair value of our Series M-53 MTN
debentures maturing in 2027. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at the date of termination was an asset of $6 million.
In 2024, we entered into and subsequently terminated forward starting interest rate swaps effective from 2026 with a notional amount of
$336 million used to hedge the fair value of our US-10 Notes maturing in 2054. The fair value of the forward starting interest rate swaps at
the date of termination was an asset of $20 million.
In 2024, we terminated interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $250 million used to hedge the fair value of our Series M-52 MTN
debentures maturing in 2030. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at the date of termination was an asset of $6 million.
In 2024, we terminated interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $200 million, maturing in 2025 and 2032, used to hedge the fair value
of our Series M-57 MTN debentures maturing in 2032. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at the date of termination was an asset of
$6 million.
In 2024, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2025, with a notional amount of $800 million in U.S. dollars
($1,080 million in Canadian dollars), of which $400 million in U.S. dollars matures in each of 2030 and 2035, to hedge the interest rate
exposure on future U.S. dollar debt issuances. Also in 2024, we terminated a portion of these forward starting interest rate swaps with a
notional amount of $250 million in U.S. dollars ($338 million in Canadian dollars). The fair value of the forward starting interest rate swaps at
the date of termination was an asset of $7 million. The fair value of the remaining forward starting interest rate swaps with a notional amount
of $550 million in U.S. dollars ($742 million in Canadian dollars), of which $275 million in U.S. dollars matures in each of 2030 and 2035, at
their effective start date in 2025 and at December 31, 2024 was an asset of $50 million and $38 million, respectively, recognized in Other
non-current assets in the statements of financial position.
In 2024, we sold U.S. dollar interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $214 million in U.S. dollars ($289 million in Canadian dollars)
to hedge economically the fair value of future U.S. dollar debt issuances. The interest rate swaptions were terminated or expired
unexercised.
In 2024, we sold interest rate swaptions, expiring in 2024, with a notional amount of $300 million to hedge economically the fair value of our
M-17 MTN debentures maturing in 2035. The interest rate swaptions expired unexercised.
In 2024, we sold interest rate swaptions, expiring in 2024, with a notional amount of $750 million to hedge economically the fair value of our
M-53 MTN debentures maturing in 2027. Interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $625 million were settled. The fair value of the
interest rate swaptions at the date of settlement was a liability of $6 million. The remaining interest rate swaptions expired unexercised.
In 2024, we purchased and subsequently terminated interest rate options, expiring in 2026, with a notional amount of $440 million used to
hedge economically the interest cost of our M-62 MTN debentures maturing in 2029. The fair value of the interest rate options at the date of
termination was an asset of $1 million.
See Note 25, Debt due within one year and Note 26, Long-term debt, for additional details.
A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates would result in a loss of $32 million (gain of $26 million) recognized in net earnings at
December 31, 2025, and a gain of $3 million (loss of $4 million) recognized in Other comprehensive income at December 31, 2025, with all
other variables held constant.

Equity price exposures
We use equity forward contracts on BCE’s common shares to hedge economically the cash flow exposure related to the settlement of equity
settled share-based compensation plans. The fair value of our equity forward contracts at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 was
a net liability of $187 million and $429 million, respectively, recognized in Other current assets, Other non-current assets, Trade payables
and other liabilities, and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. A loss of $9 million and $269 million for the year
ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, relating to the equity forward contracts is recognized in Other income (expense) in the
income statements. See Note 32, Share-based payments, for additional details.
A 5% increase (decrease) in the market price of BCE’s common shares would result in a gain (loss) of $16 million recognized in net
earnings at December 31, 2025, with all other variables held constant.




                                                                                                                                                 59
Capital management
We have various capital policies, procedures and processes which are utilized to seek to achieve our objectives for capital management.
These include optimizing our cost of capital and maximizing shareholder return while balancing the interests of our stakeholders.
Our definition of capital includes equity attributable to BCE shareholders, debt, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.
In 2025, the key ratio that we used to monitor and manage our capital structure was a net debt leverage ratio (1). In 2025 and 2024, our net
debt leverage ratio target range was 3.0 times adjusted EBITDA. At December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, we had exceeded the
limit of our internal net debt leverage ratio target range by 0.78 and 0.81, respectively.
We believe that certain investors and analysts use our net debt leverage ratio as a measure of financial leverage and health of the company.
The following table provides a summary of our key ratio.

At December 31                                                                                                                                 2025             2024
Net debt leverage ratio                                                                                                                        3.78             3.81

On February 5, 2026, the board of directors of BCE declared a quarterly dividend of $0.4375 per common share, payable on April 15, 2026.
On May 7, 2025, the Board established the annualized dividend at $1.75 per BCE common share, effective starting from the July 15, 2025
dividend payment date.
Additionally, on May 7, 2025, the Board determined that common shares distributed under BCE's Shareholder Dividend Reinvestment and
Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) will no longer be issued from treasury at a 2% discount to the average market price of the common shares
preceding the applicable dividend payment date (the Average Market Price) and will rather be purchased by BCE's agent, TSX Trust
Company, on the secondary market with cash provided by BCE. The modifications became effective commencing with the dividend payable
on July 15, 2025 to eligible holders of common shares as of the June 16, 2025 record date, and subsequently until further notice. See Note
31, Share capital, for additional details.
In both Q4 2024 and Q4 2025, BCE renewed its normal course issuer bid program (NCIB) with respect to its First Preferred Shares. See
Note 31, Share capital, for additional details.




(1) Our net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. As of December 31, 2025, we define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-
    term debt and 50% of outstanding preferred shares, less 50% of junior subordinated debt included within long-term debt, and less cash, cash equivalents and short-
    term investments, as shown in our statements of financial position. For the purposes of calculating our net debt leverage ratio, adjusted EBITDA is twelve-month
    trailing adjusted EBITDA.




60 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 31                      Share capital
Preferred shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares and Second Preferred Shares, all
without par value. The terms set out in the articles authorize BCE’s directors to issue the shares in one or more series and to set the number
of shares and the conditions for each series.
The following table provides a summary of the principal terms of BCE’s First Preferred Shares that were issued and outstanding as at
December 31, 2025. There were no Second Preferred Shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2025. BCE’s articles of
amalgamation, as amended, describe the terms and conditions of these shares in detail.

                                                                                                               Number of                   Stated capital
                                                                                                            shares issued
                 Annual       Convertible                                                        Redemption           and          December 31,       December 31,
Series     dividend rate             into         Conversion date          Redemption date            price outstanding                   2025               2024
Q                 floating        Series R      December 1, 2030                At any time            $25.50              —                   —                 —
R (1)             4.733%         Series Q       December 1, 2030         December 1, 2030              $25.00       6,913,600                 173               190
S                 floating        Series T      November 1, 2026                At any time            $25.50       1,875,977                  47                50
T (1)              4.99%          Series S      November 1, 2026         November 1, 2026              $25.00       5,041,533                 126               129
Y                 floating        Series Z      December 1, 2027                At any time            $25.50       5,382,087                 135               149
Z (1)             5.346%          Series Y      December 1, 2027         December 1, 2027              $25.00       2,387,648                  60                66
AA (1)             4.94%        Series AB       September 1, 2027        September 1, 2027             $25.00      10,186,378                 260               285
AB                floating      Series AA       September 1, 2027               At any time            $25.50       6,062,639                 155               163
AC (1)             5.08%        Series AD            March 1, 2028            March 1, 2028            $25.00       6,160,274                 157               161
AD                floating      Series AC            March 1, 2028              At any time            $25.50      10,944,329                 279               299
AE                floating      Series AF        February 1, 2030               At any time            $25.50       3,220,472                  80               146
AF (1)            5.496%        Series AE        February 1, 2030         February 1, 2030             $25.00      10,507,633                 263               221
AG (1)             3.37%        Series AH             May 1, 2026              May 1, 2026             $25.00       8,097,685                 202               208
AH                floating      Series AG             May 1, 2026               At any time            $25.50       4,188,913                 105               116
AI (1)             3.39%         Series AJ          August 1, 2026           August 1, 2026            $25.00       8,738,340                 218               224
AJ                floating       Series AI          August 1, 2026              At any time            $25.50       3,776,360                  94                96
AK (1)            3.306%        Series AL      December 31, 2026        December 31, 2026              $25.00      19,242,741                 481               535
AL (2)            floating      Series AK      December 31, 2026                At any time                         1,489,288                  37                43
AM (1)            2.939%        Series AN          March 31, 2026           March 31, 2026             $25.00       8,861,751                 203               228
AN (2)            floating      Series AM          March 31, 2026               At any time                           950,322                  22                23
AQ (1)            6.538%        Series AR      September 30, 2028       September 30, 2028             $25.00       7,727,909                 191               201
AR (3)            floating      Series AQ      September 30, 2033               At any time                                —                   —                 —
                                                                                                                                            3,288             3,533
(1)   BCE may redeem each of these series of First Preferred Shares on the applicable redemption date and every five years thereafter.
(2)   BCE may redeem Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares at $25.00 per share on December 31, 2026 and March 31, 2026, respectively, and every five years
      thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AL or AN First Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date which is not a
      Series conversion date for the applicable series of First Preferred Shares.
(3)   If Series AR First Preferred Shares are issued on September 30, 2028, BCE may redeem such shares at $25.00 per share on September 30, 2033 and every five
      years thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AR Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date which is not a
      Series conversion date for such series of First Preferred Shares.


Normal course issuer bid for BCE First Preferred Shares
On November 6, 2025, BCE announced the renewal of its NCIB to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of each series of
BCE’s outstanding First Preferred Shares that are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). The NCIB will extend from November 11,
2025 to November 10, 2026, or an earlier date should BCE complete its purchases under the NCIB.
In 2025, BCE repurchased and canceled 9,848,200 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB with a stated capital of $245 million for a total cost
of $182 million. The remaining $63 million was recorded to contributed surplus.
Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased and canceled 1,169,641 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB with a stated capital of
$29 million for a total cost of $24 million. The remaining $5 million was recorded to contributed surplus.




                                                                                                                                                                   61
On November 7, 2024, BCE announced the renewal of its NCIB to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of each series of
BCE’s outstanding First Preferred Shares that are listed on the TSX. The NCIB extended from November 11, 2024 to November 10, 2025.
In 2024, BCE repurchased and canceled 5,346,488 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB with a stated capital of $134 million for a total cost
of $92 million. The remaining $42 million was recorded to contributed surplus.

Voting rights
All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2025 are non-voting, except under special circumstances when
the holders are entitled to one vote per share.

Priority and entitlement to dividends
The First Preferred Shares of all series rank at parity with each other and in priority to all other shares of BCE with respect to payment of
dividends and with respect to distribution of assets in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of BCE.
Holders of Series R, T, Z, AA, AC, AF, AG, AI, AK, AM and AQ First Preferred Shares are entitled to fixed cumulative quarterly dividends. The
dividend rate on these shares is reset every five years, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.
Holders of Series S, Y, AB, AD, AE, AH and AJ First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating adjustable cumulative monthly dividends. The
floating dividend rate on these shares is calculated every month, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.
Holders of Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating cumulative quarterly dividends. The floating dividend rate on
these shares is calculated every quarter, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.
Dividends on all series of First Preferred Shares are paid as and when declared by the board of directors of BCE.

Conversion features
All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2025 are convertible at the holder’s option into another associated
series of First Preferred Shares on a one-for-one basis according to the terms set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.

Common shares and Class B shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation provide for an unlimited number of voting common shares and non-voting Class B shares, all without par
value. The common shares and the Class B shares rank equally in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets if BCE is
liquidated, dissolved or wound up, after payments due to the holders of preferred shares. No Class B shares were outstanding at December
31, 2025 and 2024.
The following table provides details about the outstanding common shares of BCE.

                                                                                               2025                          2024
                                                                                       Number of                     Number of
                                                                                         shares Stated capital         shares Stated capital
Outstanding, January 1                                                               912,283,103        20,860      912,274,545      20,859
Shares issued under deferred share plan                                                      715            —             8,558           1
Shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan                                        20,241,999           633               —           —
Outstanding, December 31                                                             932,525,817        21,493      912,283,103      20,860


Discounted Treasury Dividend Reinvestment Plan
In Q4 2024, BCE amended its DRP to provide, at the BCE board of directors’ discretion, for the issuance of new common shares from
treasury at a 2% discount to the Average Market Price commencing with the dividend payable on January 15, 2025 to eligible shareholders
as of the December 16, 2024 record date, and subsequent periods.
On January 15, 2025, 9,540,786 common shares were issued from treasury under the DRP to shareholders of record on December 16,
2024 holding 308,654,258 common shares, for $314 million.
On April 15, 2025, 10,701,213 common shares were issued from treasury under the DRP to shareholders of record on March 14, 2025
holding 312,818,741 common shares, for $319 million.
On May 7, 2025, the Board determined that common shares distributed under BCE's DRP will no longer be issued from treasury at a 2%
discount to the average market price and will rather be purchased by BCE's agent, TSX Trust Company, on the secondary market with cash
provided by BCE. The modifications became effective commencing with the dividend payable on July 15, 2025 to eligible holders of
common shares as of the June 16, 2025 record date, and subsequently until further notice.




62 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Contributed surplus
Contributed surplus in 2025 and 2024 includes premiums in excess of par value upon the issuance of BCE common shares and share-
based compensation expense net of settlements.




Note 32                  Share-based payments
The following share-based payment amounts are included in Operating costs in the income statements.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                2025          2024
RSUs and PSUs                                                                                                                  (61)          (52)
ESP and DSUs                                                                                                                   (29)          (32)
Total share-based payments                                                                                                     (90)          (84)


Description of the plans
ESP
The ESP is designed to encourage employees of BCE and its participating subsidiaries to own shares of BCE. Employees can choose to
have up to 12% of their eligible annual earnings withheld through regular payroll deductions for the purchase of BCE common shares. In
some cases, the employer also contributes up to 2% of the employee’s eligible annual earnings to the plan. Dividends are credited to the
participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. Employer
contributions to the ESP and related dividends are subject to employees holding their shares for a two-year vesting period.
The trustee of the ESP buys BCE common shares for the participants on the open market, by private purchase or from treasury. BCE
determines the method the trustee uses to buy the shares.
At December 31, 2025, 4,360,087 common shares were authorized for issuance from treasury under the ESP. At December 31, 2025 and
2024, there were 1,436,100 and 1,239,411 unvested employer ESP contributions, respectively.

RSUs/PSUs
RSUs/PSUs are granted to executives and other eligible employees. Dividends in the form of additional RSUs/PSUs are credited to the
participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. Executives
and other eligible employees are granted a specific number of RSUs/PSUs for a given performance period based mainly on their level and
position. RSUs/PSUs vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant and if performance objectives are met for
PSUs, as determined by the board of directors.
The following table summarizes RSUs/PSUs outstanding at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Number of RSUs/PSUs                                                                                                           2025          2024
Outstanding, January 1                                                                                                   3,578,900     3,412,812
Granted (1)                                                                                                              2,357,223     1,236,690
Dividends credited                                                                                                         377,264       284,530
Settled                                                                                                                 (1,184,961)   (1,296,656)
Forfeited                                                                                                                 (159,573)      (58,476)
Outstanding, December 31                                                                                                4,968,853     3,578,900
Vested, December 31 (2)                                                                                                 1,238,636     1,090,574
(1) The weighted average fair value of the RSUs/PSUs granted was $35 in 2025 and $50 in 2024.
(2) The RSUs/PSUs vested on December 31, 2025 were fully settled in February 2026 with BCE common shares and/or DSUs.




                                                                                                                                               63
DSUs
Eligible bonuses and RSUs may be paid in the form of DSUs when executives or other eligible employees elect or are required to participate
in the plan. The value of a DSU at the issuance date is equal to the value of one BCE common share. For non-management directors,
compensation is paid in DSUs until the minimum share ownership requirement is met; thereafter, at least 50% of their compensation is paid
in DSUs. There are no vesting requirements relating to DSUs. Dividends in the form of additional DSUs are credited to the participant’s
account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. DSUs are settled when
the holder leaves the company.
At December 31, 2025 and 2024, there were 2,264,207 and 3,560,305 DSUs outstanding, respectively.

Stock options
Under BCE’s long-term incentive plans, BCE may grant options to executives to buy BCE common shares. The subscription price of a grant
is based on the higher of:
• the volume-weighted average of the trading price on the trading day immediately prior to the effective date of the grant
• the volume-weighted average of the trading price for the last five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to
    the effective date of the grant
At December 31, 2025, in addition to the stock options outstanding, 6,477,438 common shares were authorized for issuance under these
plans. Options vest after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant. Vested options can be exercised for a period of ten
years from the date of grant.
The following table summarizes stock options outstanding at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                               2025                          2024
                                                                                                      Weighted                    Weighted
                                                                                                        average                     average
                                                                                        Number of exercise price    Number of exercise price
                                                                                           options            ($)      options            ($)
Outstanding, January 1                                                                  6,545,819            61     7,484,561            61
Forfeited or expired                                                                   (1,042,645)           57      (938,742)           59
Outstanding and exercisable, December 31                                               5,503,174             62      6,545,819            61

The following table provides additional information about BCE’s stock option plans at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                     Stock options outstanding
                                                                         2025                                        2024
                                                                       Weighted        Weighted                    Weighted        Weighted
                                                                         average         average                     average         average
                                                                    remaining life exercise price               remaining life exercise price
Range of exercise prices                                    Number        (years)              ($)      Number        (years)              ($)
$50-$59                                                   2,348,283             3             58      3,390,928             3             58
$60 & above                                               3,154,891             4             65      3,154,891             5             65
                                                          5,503,174              4            62      6,545,819              4            61




64 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 33                  Additional cash flow information
The following tables provide reconciliations of changes in assets and liabilities arising from financing activities.

                                                                                      Debt due Derivative to
                                                                                    within one hedge foreign
                                                                                year and long- currency on             Dividends             Other
                                                                           Note      term debt        debt (1)           payable      liabilities (2)         Total
January 1, 2025                                                                          40,504             (975)            933                  5         40,467
Cash flows from (used in) financing activities
  Increase in notes payable                                                                 475              (23)              —                 —             452
  Issue of long-term debt                                                                 7,809               —                —                 —           7,809
  Repayment of supplier finance arrangements (2)                                            (79)              —                —                 —             (79)
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                           (10,013)                               —                 —         (10,013)
  Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                         —                —            (2,177)               —          (2,177)
  Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
     interests                                                               37              —                —               (51)              —              (51)
  Other financing activities                                                                (74)              —                —              (115)           (189)
Total cash flows used in financing activities
 excluding equity                                                                        (1,882)             (23)          (2,228)            (115)         (4,248)
Non-cash changes arising from
  Increase in lease liabilities                                                             850               —                —                 —             850
  Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                          —                —             2,305                —           2,305
  Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling
     interests                                                                               —                —                51                —              51
  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                              (664)             664               —                 —              —
  Business acquisitions                                                        4          2,757               —                —                 —           2,757
  Common shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan                                      —                —              (633)               —            (633)
  Net early redemption (gains) losses on U.S. and CAD
    debentures                                                                             (599)             122               —               116            (361)
 Additions to supplier finance arrangements                                                  47               —                —                —               47
 Reclass to liabilities held for sale                                        17              (7)              —                —                —               (7)
 Other                                                                                       53               20               (3)              —               70
Total non-cash changes                                                                    2,437              806            1,720              116           5,079
December 31, 2025                                                                        41,059             (192)            425                  6         41,298
(1) Included in Other current assets, Other non-current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial
    position.
(2) Included in Repayment of long-term debt in the statements of cash flows.




                                                                                                                                                                  65
                                                                                       Debt due
                                                                                      within one Derivative to
                                                                                       year and hedge foreign
                                                                                      long-term currency on            Dividends              Other
                                                                            Note            debt       debt (1)          payable       liabilities (2)        Total
January 1, 2024                                                                           36,177            (153)            910                 78         37,012
Cash flows from (used in) financing activities
  Increase in notes payable                                                                1,817             128               —                  —          1,945
  Issue of long-term debt                                                                  3,834              —                —                  —          3,834
  Repayment of supplier finance arrangements (2)                                             (78)             —                —                  —            (78)
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                             (3,289)             64               —                  —         (3,225)
  Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                          —               —            (3,800)                —         (3,800)
  Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
      interests                                                                37             —                 —             (68)                —            (68)
  Other financing activities                                                                 (27)               —              —                  (4)          (31)
Total cash flows from (used in) financing activities
   excluding equity                                                                        2,257             192           (3,868)                (4)       (1,423)
Non-cash changes arising from
  Increase in lease liabilities                                                              774                —              —                  —            774
  Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                           —                 —           3,827                 —          3,827
  Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling
     interests                                                                                —               —                68                —              68
  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                987            (987)              —                 —              —
  Business acquisitions                                                         4            120              —                —                 —             120
  Reclassification to liabilities held for sale                                17            (10)             —                —                 —             (10)
 Additions to supplier finance arrangements                                                   58              —                —                 —              58
 Other                                                                                       141             (27)              (4)              (69)            41
Total non-cash changes                                                                     2,070          (1,014)           3,891               (69)         4,878
December 31, 2024                                                                         40,504            (975)             933                  5        40,467
(1) Included in Other current assets, Other non-current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial
    position.
(2) Included in Repayment of long-term debt in the statements of cash flows.




Note 34                   Remaining performance obligations
The following table shows revenues expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or
partially unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2025.

                                                        2026            2027             2028             2029             2030         Thereafter             Total
Bell CTS Canada                                       3,397            1,703              561             310              205                  494          6,670
Bell CTS U.S.                                            13                3                3               3                1                    3             26
Total                                                 3,410            1,706              564             313              206                  497          6,696

When estimating minimum transaction prices allocated to the remaining unfulfilled, or partially unfulfilled, performance obligations, BCE
applied the practical expedient to not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have an original expected duration
of one year or less and for those contracts where we bill the same value as that which is transferred to the customer.




66 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 35               Commitments and contingencies
Commitments
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2025 that are due in each of the next five years and
thereafter.

                                                  2026           2027          2028          2029           2030     Thereafter         Total
Commitments for property, plant and
   equipment and intangible assets               1,355         1,391            522           454           429          1,588         5,739
Purchase obligations                               893           607            464           398           343            642         3,347
Leases committed not yet commenced                  15            22             23            24            24             64           172
Total                                            2,263         2,020          1,009           876           796          2,294         9,258


Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include program and feature film rights and investments to
expand and update our networks to meet customer demand.
Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product contracts for operating expenditures and other purchase
obligations.
Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include real estate, OOH advertising spaces and fibre use. These leases are non-
cancellable.

Contingencies
As part of its ongoing review of wholesale Internet rates, on October 6, 2016, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications
Commission (CRTC) significantly reduced, on an interim basis, some of the wholesale rates that Bell Canada and other major providers
charge for access by third-party Internet resellers to fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) or cable networks, as applicable. On August 15, 2019, the
CRTC further reduced the wholesale rates that Internet resellers pay to access network infrastructure built by facilities-based providers like
Bell Canada, with retroactive effect back to March 2016.
The August 2019 decision was stayed, first by the Federal Court of Appeal and then by the CRTC, with the result that it never came into
effect. In response to review and vary applications filed by each of Bell Canada, five major cable carriers (Cogeco Communications Inc.,
Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Shaw Communications Inc. and Videotron Ltée) and Telus
Communications Inc., the CRTC issued Decision 2021-181 on May 27, 2021, which mostly reinstated the rates prevailing prior to August
2019 with some reductions to the Bell Canada rates with retroactive effect to March 2016. As a result, in Q2 2021, we recorded a reduction
in revenue of $44 million in our income statements.
While there remains a requirement to refund monies to third-party Internet resellers, the establishment of final wholesale rates that are
similar to those prevailing since 2019 reduces the impact of the CRTC’s long-running review of wholesale Internet rates. The largest reseller,
TekSavvy Solutions Inc. (TekSavvy), obtained leave to appeal the CRTC’s decision of May 27, 2021 before the Federal Court of Appeal. On
July 22, 2024, the Federal Court of Appeal issued a decision rejecting TekSavvy’s appeal of Decision 2021-181 pursuant to which the CRTC
had, in May 2021, mostly reinstated wholesale Internet rates prevailing prior to August 2019. On September 30, 2024, TekSavvy sought
leave to appeal that decision to the Supreme Court of Canada. On March 27, 2025, the Supreme Court of Canada dismissed TekSavvy’s
application for leave to appeal. The decision was also challenged in three petitions brought by TekSavvy, the Canadian Network Operators
Consortium Inc. and National Capital Freenet before Cabinet, but on May 26, 2022, Cabinet announced it would not alter the decision.
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other
relief. In particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class actions pursuant to which substantial
monetary damages may be claimed. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot predict the final outcome
or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and based on information currently available and management’s
assessment of the merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 5, 2026, management believes that the ultimate resolution
of these claims and legal proceedings is unlikely to have a material and negative effect on our financial statements. We believe that we have
strong defences and we intend to vigorously defend our positions.




                                                                                                                                           67
Note 36                 Related party transactions
Subsidiaries
The following table shows BCE’s significant subsidiaries at December 31, 2025. BCE has other subsidiaries which have not been included
in the table as each represents less than 10% individually and less than 20% in aggregate of total consolidated revenues.
All of these significant subsidiaries are incorporated in Canada and provide services to each other in the normal course of operations. The
value of these transactions is eliminated on consolidation.

                                                                                                                Ownership percentage
Subsidiary                                                                                                           2025            2024
Bell Canada                                                                                                          100%            100%
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                                   100%            100%
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                                      100%            100%


Transactions with joint arrangements and associates
During 2025 and 2024, BCE provided communication services and received programming content and other services in the normal course
of business on an arm’s length basis to and from its joint ventures and associates. Our joint ventures and associates include MLSE, up to
the completion of the sale on July 1, 2025, Glentel Inc. and Dome Productions Partnership. From time to time, BCE may be required to
make capital contributions to its investments.
In 2025, BCE recognized revenues and incurred expenses with our joint ventures and associates of $16 million (2024 – $9 million) and
$145 million (2024 – $150 million), respectively.

BCE Master Trust Fund
Bimcor Inc. (Bimcor), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bell Canada, is the administrator of the Master Trust Fund. Bimcor recognized
management fees of $14 million for 2025 and 2024 from the Master Trust Fund. The details of BCE’s post-employment benefit plans are set
out in Note 28, Post-employment benefit plans.

Compensation of key management personnel
The following table includes compensation of key management personnel for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 included in our
income statements. Key management personnel have the authority and responsibility for overseeing, planning, directing and controlling our
business activities and consists of our Board of Directors and our Executive Leadership Team.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                         2025           2024
Wages, salaries, fees and related taxes and benefits                                                                    (18)          (19)
Post-employment benefit plans and OPEBs cost                                                                             (3)           (3)
Share-based compensation                                                                                                (32)          (26)
Key management personnel compensation expense                                                                           (53)          (48)




68 BCE Inc. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 37                   Significant partly-owned subsidiary
The following tables show summarized financial information for our subsidiary with significant non-controlling interest (NCI).

Summarized statements of financial position
                                                                                                                                              CTV Specialty (1)
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                    2025             2024
Current assets                                                                                                                                    400              423
Non-current assets                                                                                                                                768              733
Total assets                                                                                                                                    1,168             1,156
Current liabilities                                                                                                                               164              164
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                            99               92
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                 263              256
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                                     634              631
NCI                                                                                                                                               271              269
(1) At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the ownership interest held by NCI in CTV Specialty Television Inc. (CTV Specialty) was 29.9%. CTV Specialty was incorporated
    and operated in Canada as at such dates.

Selected income and cash flow information
                                                                                                                                              CTV Specialty (1)
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                    2025             2024
Operating revenues                                                                                                                                970              991
Net earnings                                                                                                                                      179              100
Net earnings attributable to NCI                                                                                                                   54               31
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                        174              108
Total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                                                                                                     52               34
Cash dividends paid to NCI                                                                                                                          51              68
(1) CTV Specialty's net earnings and total comprehensive income include nil and $2 million directly attributable to NCI for 2025 and 2024, respectively.




                                                                                                                                                                     69
                                                                                                                                                            Exhibit 99.4

Reports on internal controls



Reports on internal controls
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The management of BCE Inc. (BCE) is responsible for establishing and                 and (1%) of consolidated net earnings. Additionally, at December 31, 2025, the
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal         current assets and current liabilities of Ziply Fiber represented approximately 2%
control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of      and 2% of our consolidated current assets and current liabilities, respectively, and
the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and       the non-current assets and non-current liabilities of Ziply Fiber represented
Chief Financial Officer and effected by the board of directors, management and       approximately 12% and 1% of our consolidated non-current assets and
other personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the                non-current liabilities, respectively.
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for   Based on that evaluation, which excluded the internal control over financial
external purposes in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by         reporting of Ziply Fiber, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the
the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                                 Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal
Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not   control over financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2025. There
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any          were no material weaknesses that have been identified by BCE’s management in
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to      internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2025.
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate       Our internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2025 has been
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the          audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, who
policies or procedures may deteriorate.                                              also audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended
Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of         December 31, 2025. Ernst & Young LLP issued an unqualified opinion on the
the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and       effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as at December 31,
Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial    2025.
reporting as at December 31, 2025, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring          (signed) Mirko Bibic
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).                                     President and Chief Executive Officer
Management’s evaluation of and conclusion on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting did not include an evaluation of the internal       (signed) Curtis Millen
control over financial reporting of Ziply Fiber, which we acquired on August 1,      Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
2025. The contribution of Ziply Fiber operations to our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately 2% of              (signed) Thierry Chaumont
consolidated revenues                                                                Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
                                                                                     March 5, 2026




                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT      115
Reports on internal controls


Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on internal control over financial reporting                                  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
We have audited BCE Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of            standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control –                assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of           maintained in all material respects.
the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our                 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
opinion, BCE Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective       reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on the       evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
COSO criteria.                                                                        assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
As indicated in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control              necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
over Financial Reporting, management’s assessment of and conclusion on the            basis for our opinion.
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the        Definition and limitations of internal control over financial
internal controls over financial reporting of Northwest Fiber Holdco, LLC (doing
business as Ziply Fiber (“Ziply Fiber”)), which was acquired on August 1, 2025.
                                                                                      reporting
Ziply Fiber contributed approximately 2% of the Company’s consolidated                A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
revenues and (1%) of the Company’s consolidated net earnings for the year             provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
ended December 31, 2025. Additionally, at December 31, 2025, the current              the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
assets and current liabilities of Ziply Fiber constituted approximately 2% and 2%     generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
of the Company’s consolidated current assets and current liabilities,                 financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
respectively, and the non-current assets and non-current liabilities of Ziply Fiber   maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
constituted approximately 12% and 1% of the Company’s consolidated                    transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
non-current assets and non-current liabilities, respectively. Our audit of internal   reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an               preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Ziply Fiber.           accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
                                                                                      being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
                                                                                      of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial
                                                                                      timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                      assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
and our report dated March 5, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
                                                                                      Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
Basis for opinion                                                                     prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal            effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of       inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying                with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over        /s/ Ernst & Young LLP
financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm               Montréal, Canada
registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to          March 5, 2026
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.




116       BCE INC. 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                                                      Exhibit 99.5

                           Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the reference to our Firm under the caption “Interests of Experts”, which appears in the Annual
Information Form in Exhibit 99.1 and to the use in this Annual Report on Form 40-F of our reports dated March 5,
2026, with respect to the consolidated statement of financial position of BCE Inc. (the “Company”) as of December
31, 2025 and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for
the year ended December 31, 2025 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the
Company as of December 31, 2025.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference of the above-mentioned reports in the following Registration
Statements of the Company:

1.   Form S-8 nos. 333-12780, 333-12802 and 333-293345
2.   Form F-10 nos. 333-279247, 333-279247-01, 333-284730 and 333-284730-01
3.   Form F-3 no. 333-12130
4.   Form F-3D no. 333-283289


/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Montreal, Canada
March 6, 2026
                                                                                                    Exhibit 99.6

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-12130 on Form F-3, Registration
Statement No. 333-283289 on Form F-3D, Registration Statements Nos. 333-279247, 333-279247-01, 333-
284730 and 333-284730-01 on Form F-10, and Registration Statements Nos. 333-293345, 333-12780 and 333-
12802 on Form S-8, and to the use of our report dated March 6, 2025, relating to the financial statements of BCE
Inc. appearing in this Annual Report of BCE Inc. on Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2025.

/s/ Deloitte LLP
Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Canada
March 6, 2026
                                   NOTICE OF RELIANCE                                                               Exhibit 99.7

                       SECTION 13.4 OF NATIONAL INSTRUMENT 51-102
                         CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS

  To:   Alberta Securities Commission
        British Columbia Securities Commission
        Manitoba Securities Commission
        Financial and Consumer Services Commission, New Brunswick
        Office of the Superintendent of Securities, Newfoundland and Labrador
        Nova Scotia Securities Commission
        Ontario Securities Commission
        Department of Justice and Public Safety, Financial and Consumer Services Division, Prince Edward Island
        Autorité des marchés financiers
        Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of Saskatchewan
        Toronto Stock Exchange

Notice is hereby given that Bell Canada relies on the continuous disclosure documents filed by BCE Inc. pursuant to the
exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations (“NI 51-102”) provided
in Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.

The continuous disclosure documents of BCE Inc. can be found for viewing in electronic format at www.sedarplus.ca.

Attached to this notice and forming part thereof is the consolidating summary financial information for BCE Inc. as required by
Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.



Dated: March 6, 2026

                                                                            BELL CANADA



                                                                            By:    (signed) Thierry Chaumont
                                                                            Name: Thierry Chaumont
                                                                            Title: Senior Vice-President,
                                                                                   Controller and Tax
 BELL CANADA
UNAUDITED SELECTED SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (1)
For the periods ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
(in millions of Canadian dollars)
  BCE Inc. fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment obligations of its 100% owned subsidiary Bell Canada under the
  public debt issued by Bell Canada. Accordingly, the following summary financial information is provided by Bell Canada in
  compliance with the requirements of section 13.4 of National Instrument 51-102 (Continuous Disclosure Obligations)
  providing for an exemption for certain credit support issuers. The tables below contain selected summary financial
  information for (i) BCE Inc. (as credit supporter), (ii) Bell Canada (as credit support issuer) on a consolidated basis, (iii) BCE
  Inc.’s subsidiaries, other than Bell Canada, on a combined basis, (iv) consolidating adjustments, and (v) BCE Inc. and all of
  its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case for the periods indicated. Such summary financial information for BCE
  Inc. and Bell Canada and all other subsidiaries is intended to provide investors with meaningful and comparable financial
  information about BCE Inc. and its subsidiaries. This summary financial information should be read in conjunction with BCE
  Inc.’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.
For the periods ended December 31:
                                            BCE INC.                    BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                   SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.              CONSOLIDATING                    BCE INC.
                                    (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”) (2)             (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)                OTHER THAN BELL CANADA (3)             ADJUSTMENTS (4)                CONSOLIDATED
                                                2025           2024                2025                 2024                 2025            2024            2025           2024           2025           2024
   Operating revenues                              —              —              24,468               24,409                   —                —               —              —         24,468         24,409
   Net earnings from
    continuing operations
    attributable to owners                      6,460           344                1,839                 996                 109              162          (1,948)        (1,158)         6,460            344
   Net earnings attributable to
    owners                                      6,460           344                1,839                 996                 109              162          (1,948)        (1,158)         6,460            344
As at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively:
                                            BCE INC.                    BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                   SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.              CONSOLIDATING                    BCE INC.
                                    (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”) (2)             (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)                OTHER THAN BELL CANADA (3)             ADJUSTMENTS (4)                CONSOLIDATED
                                           Dec. 31,        Dec. 31,            Dec. 31,             Dec. 31,             Dec. 31,        Dec. 31,        Dec. 31,        Dec. 31,      Dec. 31,       Dec. 31,
                                             2025            2024                2025                 2024                 2025            2024            2025            2024          2025           2024
   Total Current Assets                         1,156           711                7,451              12,409                 255              146          (1,455)        (4,343)         7,407          8,923
   Total Non-current Assets                  22,970          21,495              65,939               57,915                  21                21       (16,172)        (14,869)        72,758         64,562
   Total Current Liabilities                     965          5,022              13,265               14,086                  81                81         (1,455)        (4,343)        12,856         14,846
   Total Non-current Liabilities                 141            113              43,303               40,603                   —                —             555             563        43,999         41,279
(1) The summary financial information is prepared in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards and is in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles issued by the Canadian Accounting Standards
  Board for publicly-accountable enterprises.
(2) This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. under the equity method.
(3) This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. (other than Bell Canada) on a consolidated basis.
(4) This column includes the necessary amounts to eliminate the intercompany balances between BCE Inc., Bell Canada and other subsidiaries and other adjustments to arrive at the information for BCE Inc. on a
  consolidated basis.
                                                                                            Exhibit 99.8


                                              BCE Inc.

                   EXHIBIT TO 2025 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                     EARNINGS COVERAGE

The following consolidated financial ratios are calculated for the twelve months ended December 31,
2025, give effect to the issuance and redemption of all long-term debt since January 1, 2025 as if these
transactions occurred on January 1, 2025, and are based on unaudited financial information of BCE Inc.

                                                                                   December 31, 2025

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net
earnings attributable to owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense and
income tax:                                                                                   4.6 times

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net
earnings attributable to owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense,
income tax and non-controlling interest:                                                      4.7 times
                                                                                                                    Exhibit 99.31
                                                      CERTIFICATIONS

I, Mirko Bibic, certify that:

    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
       fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
       misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
       present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for,
       the periods presented in this report;

    4. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
       procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
       (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

             a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its
                consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
                in which this report is being prepared;

             b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
                reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
                generally accepted accounting principles;

             c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
                covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

             d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
                during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                materially affect, the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting; and
   5. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
      over financial reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):

           a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
              financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process,
              summarize and report financial information; and

           b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
              in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 6, 2026

(signed) Mirko Bibic
Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                      CERTIFICATIONS

I, Curtis Millen, certify that:

    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
       fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
       misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
       present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for,
       the periods presented in this report;

    4. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
       procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
       (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

             a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its
                consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
                in which this report is being prepared;

             b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
                reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
                generally accepted accounting principles;

             c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
                covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

             d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
                during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                materially affect, the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting; and
   5. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
      over financial reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):

           a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
              financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process,
              summarize and report financial information; and

           b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
              in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 6, 2026

(signed) Curtis Millen
Curtis Millen
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                                                                               Exhibit 99.32

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
                            THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of BCE Inc. (the “Company”), does hereby
certify that:

the annual report on Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2025 of the Company (the “Form 40-F”) fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form
40-F fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


Date: March 6, 2026                                    (signed) Mirko Bibic
                                                       Mirko Bibic
                                                       President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                       BCE Inc.


Date: March 6, 2026                                    (signed) Curtis Millen
                                                       Curtis Millen
                                                       Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
                                                       BCE Inc.
