

EX-99.2

3

992_an15.htm

ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF BCE INC. FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND THE RELATED MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS







Annual audited consolidated financial statements of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the related management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations










Exhibit 99.2



 




Management’s discussion and analysis






In this management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (MD&A), 
we
, 
us
, 
our
, 
BCE 
and 
the company 
mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates. 
Bell 
means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada or, collectively, Bell Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates. 
Bell Aliant 
means, as the context may require, until December 31, 2014, either Bell Aliant Inc. or, collectively, Bell Aliant Inc., its subsidiaries and associates, or after December 31, 2014 and up to, and including, June 30, 2015, either Bell Aliant Regional Communications Inc. or, collectively, Bell Aliant Regional Communications Inc., its subsidiaries and associates, or after June 30, 2015 the Bell Aliant brand.






All amounts in this MD&A are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted. Please refer to section 10.2, 
Non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) 
on pages 108 to 110 for a list of defined non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators.




Please refer to BCE’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 when reading this MD&A.




In preparing this MD&A, we have taken into account information available to us up to March 3, 2016, the date of this MD&A, unless otherwise stated.






You will find BCE’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, BCE’s annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2015, dated March 3, 2016 (BCE 2015 AIF) and recent financial reports on BCE’s website at 
BCE.ca
, on SEDAR at 
sedar.com 
and on EDGAR at 
sec.gov
.




This MD&A comments on our business operations, performance, financial position and other matters for the two years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.




CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS







BCE’s 2015 annual report including this MD&A and, in particular, but without limitation, section 1.4, 
Capital markets strategy
, section 2,
 Strategic imperatives
, section 3.2, 
Business outlook and assumptions
, section 5, 
Business segment analysis 
and section 6.8, 
Liquidity 
of this MD&A, contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, BCE’s 2016 annualized common share dividend and common share dividend policy, the expected improvement of BCE’s net debt leverage ratio and return thereof within BCE’s target range, the sources of liquidity we expect to use to meet our anticipated 2016 cash requirements, our expected 2016 post-employment benefit plans funding, our network deployment plans, the value of network infrastructure capital investments we plan to make by the end of 2020, and BCE’s business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Forward-looking statements also include any other statements that do not refer to historical facts. A statement we make is forward-looking when it uses what we know and expect today to make a statement about the future. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the words 
assumption
, 
goal
, 
guidance
, 
objective
, 
outlook
, 
project
, 
strategy
, 
target 
and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as 
aim
, 
anticipate
, 
believe
, 
could
, 
expect
, 
intend
, 
may
, 
plan
, 
seek
, 
should
, 
strive 
and 
will
. All such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian securities laws and of the United States 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
. Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in BCE’s 2015 annual report, including in this MD&A, describe our expectations as at March 3, 2016 and, accordingly, are subject to change after this date. Except as may be required by Canadian securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.




Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and specific, which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, such forward-looking statements and that our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities may not be achieved. As a result, we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize and we caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are presented in BCE’s 2015 annual report, including in this MD&A, for the purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives, strategic priorities and business outlook as well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned, however, that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.




We have made certain economic, market and operational assumptions in preparing the forward-looking statements contained in BCE’s 2015 annual report and, in particular, but without limitation, the forward-looking statements contained in the previously-mentioned sections of this MD&A. These assumptions include, without limitation, the assumptions described in the various sections of this MD&A entitled
 Business outlook and assumptions
, which sections are incorporated by reference in this cautionary statement. In addition, the value of network infrastructure capital investments we plan to make by the end of 2020 assumes that capital investments will continue at current levels. However, there can be no assurance that such investment levels will be maintained with the result that the value of actual capital investments made by us by the end of 2020 could materially differ from current expectations. We believe that our assumptions were reasonable at March 3, 2016. If our assumptions turn out to be inaccurate, our actual results could be materially different from what we expect.






Important risk factors including, without limitation, regulatory, competitive, technological, economic, financial and other risks that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously-mentioned forward-looking statements and other forward-looking statements contained in BCE’s 2015 annual report, and in particular in this MD&A, include, but are not limited to, the risks described or referred to in section 9, 
Business risks
, which section is incorporated by reference in this cautionary statement.




We caution readers that the risks described in the previously-mentioned section and in other sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, business or reputation. Except as otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any special items or of any dispositions, monetizations, mergers, acquisitions, other business combinations or other transactions that may be announced or that may occur after March 3, 2016. The financial impact of these transactions and special items can be complex and depends on the facts particular to each of them. We therefore cannot describe the expected impact in a meaningful way or in the same way we present known risks affecting our business.


 



28 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	1	OVERVIEW	MD&A



 




1
 Overview






1.1 Introduction






At a glance




BCE is Canada’s largest communications company
, providing residential, business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their communications needs. BCE’s shares are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange and on the New York Stock Exchange (TSX, NYSE: BCE).




Beginning January 1, 2015, our results are reported in three segments:
 Bell Wireless
, 
Bell Wireline 
and 
Bell Media
. Due to the privatization of Bell Aliant in 2014 as outlined in section 6.5, 
Privatization of Bell Aliant
, the results of our former Bell Aliant segment are included within our Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline segments, with prior periods reclassified for comparative purposes.




Bell Wireless provides wireless voice and data communications products and services to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers across Canada.




Bell Wireline provides data, including Internet access and Internet protocol television (IPTV), local telephone, long distance, as well as other communications services and products to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers, primarily in Ontario, Québec and the Atlantic provinces, while Satellite television (TV) service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers.




Bell Media provides conventional, specialty and pay TV, digital media, and radio broadcasting services to customers across Canada and out of home (OOH) advertising services.






BCE 
is Canada’s

largest communications company








We also hold investments in a number of other assets, including:






a 28% indirect equity interest in Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE)




a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel)




a 35.4% indirect equity interest in Q9 Networks Inc. (Q9)




an 18.4% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens Hockey Club and the Bell Centre in Montréal




a 50% indirect equity interest in the Toronto Argonauts Football Club (Argos)




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 29
1	OVERVIEW	MD&A	



 




BCE consolidated results









BCE customer connections









Our goal







Our goal is to be recognized by customers as Canada’s leading communications company. Our primary business objectives are to maximize subscribers, revenues, operating profit, free cash flow
(1)
 
and return on invested capital by further enhancing our position as the foremost provider in Canada of comprehensive communications services to residential and business customers. We seek to take advantage of opportunities to leverage our networks, infrastructure, sales channels, and brand and marketing resources across our various lines of business to create value for both our customers and other stakeholders.




Our strategy is centred on our disciplined focus and execution of six strategic imperatives. The six strategic imperatives that underlie BCE’s business plan are:







 



(1)	Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures and do not have any standardized meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. See section 10.2, Non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) – Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin and Free cash flow and free cash flow per share for more details, including, for free cash flow, a reconciliation to the most comparable IFRS financial measure.




 



30 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	1	OVERVIEW	MD&A



 




1.2 About BCE





In 2015, we reported the results of our operations in three segments: Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media, with prior periods reclassified for comparative purposes to include our former Bell Aliant segment. We describe our product lines by segment below, to provide further insight into our operations.




Our products and services




 



Bell Wireless







SEGMENT DESCRIPTION








Provides integrated digital wireless voice and data
 
communications products and services to residential and
 
business customers across Canada






Includes the results of operations of Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell
 
Mobility) and wireless-related product sales from The Source
 
(Bell) Electronics Inc. (The Source)








OUR BRANDS INCLUDE










OUR NETWORKS AND REACH




We hold licensed national wireless spectrum, with holdings across various spectrum bands, totalling more than 4,500 million Megahertz per Population (MHz-pop), corresponding to a weighted-average of approximately 135 MHz-pop of spectrum across Canada.




We have deployed and operate a number of leading nationwide wireless broadband networks compatible with global standards that deliver high-quality and reliable voice and high-speed data services to virtually all of the Canadian population.




Fourth Generation (4G)
	Long-term Evolution (LTE) network launched in September 2011:


Provides mobile Internet
		data access speeds as fast as 150 megabits per second (Mbps) (typical
		speeds of 12 to 40 Mbps)


Covered 96% of the
		Canadian population coast to coast at December 31, 2015


Expansion of our LTE
		services supported by continued re-purposing of wireless spectrum to
		increase capacity and coverage


Reverts to the
		High-speed packet access plus (HSPA+) network outside LTE coverage area,
		ensuring continuity of service


Supports international
		roaming in more than 75 destinations






LTE Advanced (LTE-A) network
	service launched in February 2015:


Dual-band LTE-A provides
		mobile Internet data access speeds as fast as 260 Mbps (typical speeds
		of 18 to 74 Mbps)


Covered 48% of the
		Canadian population in parts of British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario and
		Atlantic Canada, Yukon and the Northwest Territories at December 31,
		2015


In August 2015, we began
		the deployment of Tri-band LTE, delivering speeds of up to 335 Mbps
		(typical speeds of 25 to 100 Mbps), in parts of Southern Ontario and
		select cities in Atlantic Canada






HSPA+ network launched in
	November 2009:


Provides high-speed
		mobile access of up to 21 Mbps in most areas (typical speeds of 3.5 - 8
		Mbps), and as high as 42 Mbps in areas with dual cell capability when
		using compatible devices (typical speeds of 7 to 14 Mbps)


Covered over 98% of the
		Canadian population coast to coast at December 31, 2015


International roaming in
		more than 230 destinations






National third generation
	(3G) code division multiple access (CDMA) network, which we began
	decommissioning in 2014.


Largest wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi)
	network across Canada:


Approximately 4,000
		public Wi-Fi hotspots at participating McDonald’s, Tim Hortons and
		Chapters/Indigo retail outlets across Canada, in addition to thousands
		of Wi-Fi networks managed through our Bell Business Markets unit at
		enterprise customer locations.






Approximately 2,500
		retail points of distribution across Canada, including more than 1,400
		Bell-branded stores and The Source locations, Glentel-operated stores (WIRELESSWAVE,
		Tbooth wireless and WIRELESS etc...) as well as other third-party dealer
		and retail locations.








OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES








Voice and data plans:
 available on either postpaid or
 
prepaid options






Extensive selection of devices:
 including leading 4G LTE and
 
LTE-A smartphones and tablets






Data:
 e-mail, web browsing, social networking, messaging
 
(text, picture and video), call features and applications






Mobile TV:
 over 45 live and on-demand channels on smartphones
 
and tablets




Mobile Internet:
 Turbo Stick, Turbo Hub, MiFi






Mobile payments:
 Suretap mobile wallet for quick, easy and
 
secure payments using smartphones






Travel:
 roaming services with other wireless service providers
 
in more than 230 destinations worldwide, LTE roaming in over
 
75 destinations, Travel Data Passes and Roam Better feature






Mobile business services:
 push-to-talk, workforce management,
 
worker safety, dispatch solutions, mobile device management






Internet of Things (IoT) solutions:
 asset management, fleet
 
management, digital signage, wireless point-of-sale, remote
 
monitoring, telematics




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 31
1	OVERVIEW	MD&A	



 



Bell Wireline







SEGMENT DESCRIPTION








Provides data, including Internet access and IPTV, local telephone, long distance,
 
as well as other communications services and products to residential, small and
 
medium-sized business and large enterprise customers, primarily in Ontario,
 
Québec and the Atlantic provinces, while Satellite TV service and connectivity
 
to business customers are available nationally across Canada. We also offer
 
competitive local exchange carrier (CLEC) services in Alberta and British Columbia






Includes the results of our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone,
 
long distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers, and
 
the wireline operations of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel), which provides telecommunications services in Canada’s Northern Territories






Includes wireline-related product sales from our wholly-owned subsidiary, national
 
consumer electronics retailer The Source








OUR BRANDS INCLUDE










OUR NETWORKS AND REACH








Extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec and the
 
Atlantic provinces, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories




Largest fibre network in Canada, spanning over 196,000 km






Broadband fibre network, consisting of fibre-to-the-node
 
(FTTN) and fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) locations, covering
 
8 million homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec and the
 
Atlantic provinces






IPTV service footprint encompassing 6.2 million households
 
across Ontario, Québec and the Atlantic provinces






Largest Internet protocol (IP) multi-protocol label switching
 
footprint of any Canadian provider, enabling us to offer business
 
customers a virtual private network (VPN) service for IP traffic
 
and to optimize bandwidth for real-time voice and TV






Access to the largest data centre footprint in Canada with
 
27 locations in seven provinces, enabling us to offer data
 
centre co-location and hosted services to business customers
 
across Canada






More than 1,400 Bell-branded stores and The Source locations
 
across Canada








OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES






RESIDENTIAL








TV:
 Bell Fibe TV and Bell Aliant FibreOP TV (our IPTV services) and
 
direct-to-home (DTH) Satellite TV, provide extensive content
 
options with Whole Home personal video recorder (PVR) and
 
on-demand and 4K Ultra high-definition (HD) programming. Our
 
IPTV service also offers consumers innovative features, including
 
Restart, the Fibe TV app and wireless TV






Internet:
 high-speed Internet access through fibre optic
 
broadband technology or digital subscriber line (DSL)
 
with a wide range of options, including unlimited usage, a
 
comprehensive suite of security solutions, Home Hub all-in-one
 
modem and Wi-Fi router and mobile Internet. Our fibre optic
 
Internet service, marketed as Fibe Internet and FibreOP Internet,
 
offers speeds up to 50 Mbps with FTTN or 940 Mbps with FTTP






Home Phone:
 local telephone service, long distance and
 
advanced calling features






NextGen Home Security:
 a digital Internet-based service
 
available in select locations in Atlantic Canada, providing home
 
security and monitoring with next-generation automation
 
capabilities, including remote management via web portal and
 
mobile devices, appliance controls, and secure video monitoring






Bundles:
 multi-product bundles of TV, Internet and voice services
 
with monthly discounts








BUSINESS








IP-based services:
 business Internet, IP VPN, point-to-point
 
data networks, global network solutions






Business service solutions:
 hosting and cloud services, managed
 
services, professional services and infrastructure services that
 
support and complement our data connectivity services






Voice and unified communications:
 IP telephony, local and
 
long distance, web and audio conferencing, e-mail solutions




 



32 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	1	OVERVIEW	MD&A



 



Bell Media







SEGMENT DESCRIPTION




Canada’s premier multimedia company with
	leading assets in TV, radio, OOH advertising and digital media


Revenues are derived primarily from
	advertising and subscriber fees


Conventional TV revenue is derived from
		advertising


Specialty TV revenue is generated from
		subscription fees and advertising


Pay TV revenue is received from
		subscription fees


Radio revenue is generated from
		advertising aired over our stations


OOH revenues are generated from
		advertising












OUR BRANDS INCLUDE










OUR ASSETS AND REACH






TV








30 conventional TV stations, including CTV, Canada’s leading
 
TV network based on viewership






34 specialty TV channels, including TSN, Canada’s leading
 
specialty channel and RDS, Canada’s leading French-language
 
specialty channel based on viewership






Four national pay TV services, including The Movie
 
Network (TMN) and Super Écran








RADIO






106 licensed radio stations in 54 markets across Canada








OOH ADVERTISING




Network of more than 30,500 advertising faces in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario, Québec and Nova Scotia








DIGITAL MEDIA






More than 200 websites and over 50 Internet applications (apps)








BROADCAST RIGHTS




Sports: Bell Media has secured long-term media rights to


many of the key sports properties that are most important to


Canadians, including being the official Canadian broadcaster


of the Super Bowl, Grey Cup and International Ice Hockey


Federation (IIHF) World Junior Championship. Bell Media’s slate


of live sports coverage also includes the Toronto Maple Leafs,


Montréal Canadiens, Winnipeg Jets and Ottawa Senators games,


National Football League (NFL), National Basketball League (NBA),


Major League Soccer (MLS), Fédération Internationale de


Football Association (FIFA) World Cup events through to 2022,


Season of Champions Curling, Union of European Football


Associations (UEFA) 2016 European Championship, Major League


Baseball (MLB), Barclays Premier League, UEFA Champions


League, golf’s major championships, National Association


for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) Sprint Cup, Formula 1,


Grand Slam Tennis and National Collegiate Athletic Association


(NCAA) March Madness


HBO: long-term agreement to deliver all current-season,


past-season and library HBO programming in Canada


exclusively on our linear, on-demand and over-the-top


(OTT) platforms


SHOWTIME: long-term content licensing and trademark


agreement for past, present and future SHOWTIME-owned


programming


iHeartRadio: exclusive partnership for digital and streaming


music services in Canada








OTHER ASSETS




50% interest in Dome Productions Partnership, one of North America’s leading providers of sports and other event production and broadcast facilities








OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES








Varied and extensive array of TV programming to broadcast
 
distributors across Canada






Advertising
 on our TV, radio, OOH, and digital media properties
 
to both local and national advertisers across a wide range
 
of industry sectors






Mobile TV service
 with live and on-demand access to content
 
from our conventional TV networks, CTV and CTV Two, BNN,
 
TSN, RDS, Discovery and other brands in news, sports and
 
entertainment. This mobile content is offered on commercial
 
terms to all Canadian wireless providers






CraveTV subscription on-demand TV streaming service
 offering a
 
large collection of premium content in one place, including HBO
 
and SHOWTIME programming, on set-top boxes (STBs), mobile
 
devices and online. CraveTV is offered through a number of
 
Canadian TV providers and is available directly to all Canadian
 
Internet subscribers as an over-the-top (OTT) service






TV Everywhere services
, including CTV GO, Discovery GO,
 
TMN GO, TSN GO, and RDS GO which provide live and on-demand
 
content delivered over mobile and Wi-Fi networks to
 
smartphones, tablets and computers




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 33
1	OVERVIEW	MD&A	



 



Other BCE investments





BCE also holds investments in a number of other assets, including:








a 28% indirect equity interest in MLSE, a sports and entertainment company
 
that owns several sports teams as well as real estate and entertainment
 
assets in Toronto






a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel, a Canadian-based dual-carrier,
 
multi-brand mobile products distributor






a 35.4% indirect equity interest in Q9, a provider of outsourced data centre
 
solutions, such as hosting, co-location and cloud services






an 18.4% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens
 
Hockey Club and the Bell Centre in Montréal




a 50% indirect equity interest in the Argos










Our people







EMPLOYEES




At the end of 2015, our team included 49,968 employees dedicated to driving shareholder return and improving customer service.








The total number of BCE employees at the end of 2015 decreased by 7,266 employees compared to the end of 2014, due primarily to the sale of a call centre subsidiary, workforce restructuring initiatives at our Bell Media and Bell Wireline segments to confront changing consumer preferences, new TV unbundling rules, a soft business market as a result of the economy and declines in home phone subscribers, as well as other workforce reductions attributable to normal attrition, retirements and productivity improvements, including synergies realized from the privatization of Bell Aliant.




Approximately 45% of total BCE employees are represented by labour unions.






BELL CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT




The ethical business conduct of our people is core to the integrity with which we operate our business. The Bell Code of Business Conduct sets out specific expectations and accountabilities, providing employees with practical guidelines to conduct business in an ethical manner. Our commitment to the Code of Business Conduct is renewed by employees each year in an ongoing effort to ensure that all employees are aware of, and adhere to, Bell’s standards of conduct.


 



34 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	1	OVERVIEW	MD&A



 




1.3 Key corporate developments







Bell Mobility acquires new wireless spectrum licences




In April 2015, Bell Mobility acquired advanced wireless services-3 (AWS-3) wireless spectrum in key urban and rural markets as part of Industry Canada’s (now Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED)) AWS-3 spectrum auction. Bell Mobility acquired 13 licences for 169 million MHz-pop of AWS-3 spectrum for $500 million. This band of spectrum is strategically valuable in providing Bell Mobility with future incremental broadband capacity to meet growing consumer and business demand for mobile data services as well as for carrier aggregation.




In May 2015, Bell Mobility acquired an additional 243 million MHz-pop of 2500 MHz wireless spectrum for $29 million as part of Industry Canada’s spectrum auction, supplementing existing holdings in key urban and rural markets across Canada. Bell Mobility will use the additional 2500 MHz spectrum to further support 4G LTE services in eastern and western Ontario, Québec, Atlantic Canada, Alberta, British Columbia and all three Territories.




Acquisition of mobile phone distributor Glentel completed





On May 20, 2015, BCE completed the previously announced acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Glentel, a Canadian-based dual-carrier multi-brand mobile products distributor, for a total consideration of $592 million, of which $296 million ($284 million, net of cash on hand) was paid in cash and the balance through the issuance of 5,548,908 BCE common shares. Immediately following the closing of the acquisition, BCE repaid Glentel’s outstanding debt in the amount of approximately $112 million and contributed $53 million in exchange for additional Glentel common shares. Subsequently, also on May 20, 2015 and further to an agreement dated December 24, 2014, BCE divested 50% of its ownership interest in Glentel to Rogers Communications Inc. (Rogers) for a total cash consideration of approximately $473 million ($407 million, net of divested cash and transaction costs).




Bell Media signs HBO exclusive and expands TMN nationally





In November 2015, Bell Media signed a long-term agreement with HBO whereby it would exclusively deliver in Canada all current, past and library HBO programming across linear, on-demand and OTT platforms, and also entered into a new original co-production partnership. Bell Media further announced that it would expand TMN into a national pay TV service and become the sole operator of HBO Canada in the first quarter of 2016 following Corus Entertainment Inc. (Corus)’s waiver of its HBO content rights and wind down of the operations of its Movie Central and Encore Avenue pay TV services in Western and Northern Canada. TMN was successfully launched nationally on March 1, 2016 and Movie Central and Encore Avenue’s operations ceased on the same day.




Joint acquisition of Toronto Argonauts Football Club





On December 31, 2015, Bell Canada jointly acquired the Argos of the Canadian Football League (CFL) with a partner in MLSE, Larry Tanenbaum’s Kilmer Group. Live sports have become increasingly important to executing Bell’s media leadership strategy. By acquiring the Argos, Bell strengthens its media strategy by adding another iconic brand to an already extensive sports line-up.




Bell is Canada’s most valuable communications brand





Bell moved up two spots to number three in Brand Finance’s annual rankings of Canada’s most valuable brands for 2015. Bell Canada was the only company in the top five from outside the financial services sector. The top 100 brands are compiled by global brand valuation firm Brand Finance in partnership with The Globe and Mail’s Report on Business magazine. Bell Canada was the only Canadian company to earn a AAA brand rating from Brand Finance, which factors in brand strength, risk and potential relative to competitors. A brand’s value reflects a company’s reputation and loyalty from customers, employees and investors, as well as future revenues attributable to the brand’s strength.




Thomas O’Neill to retire as BCE Chair, Board to nominate Gordon Nixon





Thomas C. O’Neill will retire as Chair of the board of directors of BCE (BCE Board or Board) at the BCE Annual General Shareholder Meeting scheduled for April 28, 2016 in Montréal. The Board plans to nominate BCE director Gordon M. Nixon as Chair contingent upon his re-election as a director by BCE shareholders at the April 28 annual meeting.




A director of BCE since November 2014, Gordon Nixon was President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Royal Bank of Canada from 2001 until 2014, and CEO of RBC Dominion Securities from 1999 to 2001. A member of the Order of Canada, Mr. Nixon is a director of George Weston Limited and of BlackRock Inc. He also serves as Chair of scientific research and collaboration centre MaRS and of the Queen’s University Capital Campaign.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 35
1	OVERVIEW	MD&A	



 




1.4 Capital markets strategy





We seek to deliver sustainable shareholder returns through consistent dividend growth. That objective is underpinned by continued growth in free cash flow, a healthy level of ongoing capital investment in the business, a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit profile.






Dividend growth and payout policy








On February 4, 2016, we announced a 5.0%, or 13 cent, increase in the annualized dividend payable on BCE’s common shares for 2016 to $2.73 per share from $2.60 per share in 2015, starting with the quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2016. This represents BCE’s 12th increase to its annual common share dividend, representing an 87% increase, since the fourth quarter of 2008.




The dividend increase for 2016 is consistent with BCE’s common share dividend policy of a target payout between 65% and 75% of free cash flow. We intend to grow BCE’s common share dividend if we achieve free cash flow growth. BCE’s dividend policy and the declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and, consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend policy will be maintained or that dividends will be declared.




We have a strong alignment of interest between shareholders and our management’s equity-based long-term incentive compensation plan. The vesting of performance share units depends on the realization of our dividend growth policy, while stock options reflect our objective to increase the share price for our shareholders.










Stringent share ownership requirements




Emphasis on pay-at-risk for executive compensation




Double trigger change in control policy




Anti-hedging policy on share ownership and incentive compensation




Clawbacks for the President and CEO and all Executive Vice-Presidents as well as all option holders




Caps on all supplemental executive retirement plans (SERP) and annual bonus payouts, in addition to mid-term and long-term incentive grants




Vesting criteria fully aligned to shareholder interests






Use of excess cash





Our dividend payout policy allows BCE to retain a high level of excess cash. Consistent with our capital markets objective to deliver sustainable shareholder returns through dividend growth while maintaining appropriate levels of capital investment, investment-grade credit ratings and considerable overall financial flexibility, we deploy excess cash in a balanced manner.




Uses of excess cash include, but are not limited to:




Voluntary contributions to BCE’s defined benefit (DB) pension plans to improve the funded position of the plans and help minimize volatility of future funding requirements


Financing of strategic acquisitions and investments


(including wireless spectrum purchases) that support


the growth of our business


Debt reduction


Share buybacks through normal course issuer bid


(NCIB) programs






In 2015, BCE’s excess cash of $830 million was directed towards the purchase of AWS-3 and 2500 MHz wireless spectrum and a voluntary contribution to Bell Canada’s DB pension plan.


 



36 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	1	OVERVIEW	MD&A



 




Total shareholder return performance













This graph compares the yearly change in the cumulative annual total shareholder return of BCE common shares against the cumulative annual total return of the S&P/TSX Composite Index
(2)
, for the five-year period ending December 31, 2015, assuming an initial investment of $100 on December 31, 2010 and the quarterly reinvestment of all dividends.



(1)	Based on BCE’s common share price on the Toronto Stock Exchange and assumes the reinvestment of dividends.
(2)	As the headline index for the Canadian equity market, the S&P/TSX Composite Index is the primary gauge against which to measure total shareholder return for Canadian-based, Toronto Stock Exchange-listed companies.




 




Strong capital structure





BCE’s balance sheet is supported by substantial liquidity and an investment-grade credit profile, providing the company with a solid financial foundation and a high level of overall financial flexibility. BCE is well-positioned with an attractive long-term debt maturity profile and manageable near-term requirements to repay debt. We continue to monitor the capital markets for opportunities where we can further reduce our cost of debt and our cost of capital. We seek to proactively manage financial risk in terms of currency exposure of our U.S. dollar-denominated purchases, as well as equity risk exposure under BCE’s long-term equity-based incentive plans and interest rate and foreign currency exposure under our various debt instruments. We also seek to maintain investment-grade credit ratings with stable outlooks.



				
ATTRACTIVE LONG-TERM DEBT MATURITY PROFILE Average term of Bell Canada’s medium-term note (MTN) debentures: 9.2 years Average after-tax cost of MTN debentures: 3.38% $1 billion to $2 billion of long-term debt maturing annually over next five years		STRONG LIQUIDITY POSITION $1.3 billion available under our $3 billion multi-year committed credit facilities $500 million accounts receivable securitization available capacity $613 million cash and cash equivalents on hand at the end of 2015		FAVOURABLE CREDIT PROFILE Long-term debt credit rating of A (low) by DBRS Limited (DBRS), Baa 1 by Moody’s Investors Services Inc. (Moody’s) and BBB+ by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services (S&P), all with stable outlooks





The committed amount under Bell Canada’s unsecured revolving facility was increased from $2.5 billion to $3 billion in the first quarter of 2015, providing us with additional financing flexibility.




In February 2015, Bell Canada renewed its MTN program, enabling it to offer up to $4 billion of MTN debentures from time to time until December 14, 2016. The MTN debentures will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by BCE. Consistent with past practice, the MTN program was renewed to continue to provide Bell Canada with financial flexibility and efficient access to the Canadian and United States (U.S.) capital markets.




Pursuant to this MTN program, Bell Canada successfully accessed the capital markets in March 2015 and October 2015, raising a total of $1.5 billion in gross proceeds from the issuance of 30-year and seven-year MTN debentures. The October 2015 issuance of seven-year MTN debentures, which carries an annual interest rate of 3%, represented the lowest coupon ever achieved by Bell Canada on any MTN debenture issuance. The net proceeds of these offerings were used for the repayment of MTN debentures prior to their maturity, as well as for general corporate purposes including to repay outstanding commercial paper and to fund capital expenditures.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 37
1	OVERVIEW	MD&A	



 




BCE also completed a public bought deal common share offering in December 2015, the first by the company since 2002. The base equity offering of $750 million, and the exercise of the 15% over-allotment option, that together resulted in the sale of 15,111,000 common shares at the offering price of $57.10 per share, generated total gross proceeds of $863 million. These proceeds were principally used to support debt reduction through the early redemption of $700 million principal amount of Bell Canada MTN debentures maturing in 2016, thereby contributing to the maintenance of a healthy balance sheet.






As a result of financing a number of strategic acquisitions made since 2010, including CTV, Astral Media Inc. (Astral), MLSE and Bell Aliant, voluntary pension plan funding contributions to reduce our pension solvency deficit, wireless spectrum purchases, and the incremental debt that was assumed as a result of the privatization of Bell Aliant, our net debt
(1)
 
leverage ratio
(2)
 
has, as shown in the table below, increased above the limit of our internal target range of
 1.75 to 2.25 times adjusted EBITDA. That ratio is expected to improve over time and return within the net debt leverage ratio target range through growth in free cash flow and applying a portion of excess cash to the reduction of BCE’s indebtedness.



BCE CREDIT RATIOS	INTERNAL TARGET		DECEMBER 31, 2015	
Net debt leverage ratio	1.75–2.25		2.53	
Adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio (2)	>7.5		8.76	



 



(1)	Net debt is a non-GAAP financial measure and does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. See section 10.2, Non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) – Net debt for more details, including a reconciliation to the most comparable IFRS financial measure.
(2)	Net debt leverage ratio and adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio are non-GAAP financial measures and do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. See section 10.2, Non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) – Net debt leverage ratio and Adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio for more details.




 




1.5 Corporate governance and risk management







Corporate governance philosophy




The BCE Board and management believe that strong corporate governance practices contribute to superior results in creating and maintaining shareholder value. That is why we continually seek to strengthen our leadership in corporate governance and ethical business conduct by adopting best practices, and providing full transparency and accountability to our stakeholders.




Key governance strengths and actions in support of our governance philosophy include:




Separation of the Board Chair and CEO roles


Director independence standards


Board committee memberships restricted to


independent directors


Annual director effectiveness and performance assessments


Ongoing reporting to Board committees regarding ethics


programs and the oversight of corporate policies across BCE


Share ownership guidelines for directors and executives


Executive compensation programs tied to BCE’s ability to grow


its common share dividend








For more information, please refer to BCE’s most recent notice of annual general shareholder meeting and management proxy circular filed with the Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at 
sedar.com
) and with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (available at 
sec.gov
), and available on BCE’s website at 
BCE.ca
.




Risk governance framework







BOARD OVERSIGHT




BCE’s full Board is entrusted with the responsibility for identifying and overseeing the principal risks to which our business is exposed and seeking to ensure there are processes in place to effectively identify, monitor and manage them. These processes seek to mitigate rather than eliminate risk. A risk is the possibility that an event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, business or reputation. The Board delegates responsibility for the execution of certain elements of the risk oversight program to Board committees in order to ensure that they are treated with appropriate expertise, attention and diligence, with reporting to the Board in the ordinary course. The Board retains overall responsibility for, as well as direct oversight of, other risks or elements thereof, such as those relating to our regulatory environment, competitive environment, customer experience, technology/infrastructure transformation, operational performance and vendor oversight.








Risk information is reviewed by the Board or the relevant committee throughout the year and business leaders present regular updates on the execution of business strategies, risks and mitigation activities.


 



38 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	1	OVERVIEW	MD&A



 




The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing financial reporting and disclosure as well as overseeing that appropriate risk management processes are in place across the organization. As part of its risk management activities, the Audit Committee reviews the organization’s risk reports and ensures that responsibility for each principal risk is formally assigned to a specific committee or the full Board, as appropriate. The Audit Committee also regularly considers risks relating to financial reporting, legal proceedings, performance of critical infrastructure, information, cyber and physical security, journalistic independence, privacy and records management, business continuity and the environment. The Management Resources and Compensation Committee (Compensation Committee) oversees risks relating to compensation, succession planning, and health and safety practices. The Pension Fund Committee (Pension Committee) has oversight responsibility for risks associated with the pension fund. The Corporate Governance Committee (Governance Committee) assists the Board in developing and implementing BCE’s corporate governance guidelines and determining the composition of the Board and its committees. In addition, the Governance Committee oversees matters such as the organization’s policies concerning business conduct, ethics and public disclosure of material information.






RISK MANAGEMENT CULTURE




There is a strong culture of risk management at BCE that is actively promoted by the Board and the company’s President and CEO at all levels within the organization. It has become a part of how the company operates on a day-to-day basis and is woven into its structure and operating principles, guiding the implementation of the organization’s strategic imperatives.




The President and CEO, selected by the Board, has set his strategic focus through the establishment of six strategic imperatives and focuses risk management around the factors that could impact the achievement of those strategic imperatives. While the constant state of change in the economic environment and the industry creates challenges to be managed, the clarity around strategic objectives, performance expectations, risk management and integrity in execution ensures discipline and balance in all aspects of our business.






RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK




While the Board is responsible for BCE’s risk oversight program, operational business units are central to the proactive identification and management of risk. They are supported by a range of corporate support functions that provide independent expertise to reinforce implementation of risk management approaches in collaboration with the operational business units. The Internal Audit function provides a further element of expertise and assurance, working to provide insight and support to the operational business units and corporate support functions, while also providing the Audit Committee with an independent perspective on the state of risk and control within the organization. Collectively, these elements can be thought of as a “Three Lines of Defence” approach to risk management, that is aligned with industry best practices and is endorsed by the Institute of Internal Auditors.










FIRST LINE OF DEFENCE – OPERATIONAL MANAGEMENT




The first line refers to management within our operational business segments (Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media) who are expected to understand their operations in great detail and the financial results that underpin them. There are regular reviews of operating performance involving the organization’s executive and senior management. The discipline and precision associated with this process, coupled with the alignment and focus around performance goals, create a high degree of accountability and transparency in support of our risk management practices.




As risks emerge in the business environment, they are discussed in a number of regular forums to share details and explore their relevance across the organization. Executive and senior management are integral to these activities in driving the identification, assessment, mitigation and reporting of risks at all levels. Formal risk reporting occurs through strategic planning sessions, management presentations to the Board and formal enterprise risk reporting, which is shared with the Board and the Audit Committee during the year.




Management is also responsible for maintaining effective internal controls and for executing risk and control procedures on a day-today basis. Each operational business unit develops its own operating controls and procedures that fit the needs of its unique environment.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 39
1	OVERVIEW	MD&A	



 






SECOND LINE OF DEFENCE – CORPORATE SUPPORT FUNCTIONS




BCE is a very large enterprise with approximately 50,000 employees, multiple business units and a diverse portfolio of risks that is constantly evolving based on internal and external factors. In a large organization, it is common to manage certain functions centrally for efficiency, scale and consistency. While the first line of defence is often central to identification and management of business risks, in many instances operational management works both collaboratively with, and also relies on, the corporate functions that make up the second line of defence for support in these areas. These corporate functions include Finance, Corporate Security and Corporate Risk Management, as well as others such as Legal and Regulatory, Corporate Responsibility, Real Estate and Procurement.




Finance function:
 BCE’s Finance function plays a pivotal role in seeking to identify, assess and manage risks through a number of different activities, which include financial performance management, external reporting, pension management, capital management, and oversight and execution practices related to the United States
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
.




Corporate Security function:
 This function is responsible for all aspects of security, which requires a deep understanding of the business, the risk environment and the external stakeholder environment. Based on this understanding, Corporate Security sets the standards of performance required across the organization through security policy definitions and monitors the organization’s performance against these policies. In high and emerging risk areas such as cybersecurity, Corporate Security leverages its experience and competence and, through collaboration with the operational business units, develops strategies intended to mitigate the organization’s risks.




Corporate Risk Management function:
 This function works across the company to gather information and report on the organization’s assessment of its principal risks and the related exposures. Annually, senior management participates in a risk survey that provides an important reference point in the overall risk assessment process.




In addition to the activities described above, the second line of defence is also critical in building and operating the oversight mechanisms that bring focus to relevant areas of risk and reinforce the bridges between the first and second lines of defence, thereby seeking to ensure that there is a clear understanding of emerging risks, their relevance to the organization and the proposed mitigation plans. To further coordinate efforts between the first and second lines of defence, BCE has established a Security, Environmental and Health and Safety Committee (SEHS). A significant number of BCE’s most senior leaders are members of this committee, whose purpose is to oversee BCE’s strategic security, environmental, health and safety risks and opportunities. This cross-functional committee seeks to ensure that relevant risks are adequately recognized and mitigation activities are well-integrated and aligned across the organization and are supported with sufficient resources.






THIRD LINE OF DEFENCE – INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION




Internal Audit is a part of the overall management information and control system and has the responsibility to act as an independent appraisal function. Its purpose is to provide the Audit Committee and management with objective evaluations of the company’s risk and control environment, to support management in delivering against BCE’s strategic imperatives and to maintain an audit presence throughout BCE and its subsidiaries.


 



40 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	2	STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES	MD&A



 




2
 Strategic imperatives



Our success is built on the BCE team’s dedicated execution of the six Strategic Imperatives that support our goal to be recognized by customers as Canada’s leading communications company.







2.1 Invest in broadband networks and services








We invest in wireline and wireless broadband platforms to deliver the most advanced wireless, TV, Internet and other IP-based services available, to support continued subscriber and data growth across all our residential product lines as well as the needs of our business market customers.






2015 PROGRESS




Expanded our 4G LTE wireless network to
	reach 96% of the Canadian population coast to coast


Launched Dual-band LTE-A network service,
	delivering mobile data speeds of up to 260 Mbps (typical speeds of 18 to 74
	Mbps), to 48% of the Canadian population in parts of British Columbia,
	Alberta, Ontario, Atlantic Canada, Yukon and the Northwest Territories. We
	also began the rollout of Tri-band LTE-A, delivering speeds of up to 335
	Mbps (typical speeds of 25 to 100 Mbps), in parts of Southern Ontario and
	select cities in Atlantic Canada.


Acquired 13 licences for 169 million MHz-pop
	of AWS-3 spectrum in key urban and rural markets for $500 million following
	Industry Canada’s wireless spectrum auction, growing Bell’s capacity to meet
	heavy consumer and business demand for mobile data services


Acquired an additional 243 million MHz-pop
	of 2500 MHz spectrum for $29 million as part of Industry Canada’s spectrum
	auction, supplementing existing holdings in key urban and rural markets
	across Canada


Bell’s 4G LTE wireless network was
		ranked as the fastest mobile LTE network in Canada by PCMag, Rootmetrics
		and OpenSignal






Began the buildout of broadband fibre directly to 1.1 million


homes and businesses across the City of Toronto as part of Bell’s


single largest infrastructure expansion project, with a planned


capital investment of approximately $1.14 billion. The majority of


the build-out is expected to be completed by the end of 2017.


Launched Gigabit Fibe and Gigabit FibreOP Internet service to


more than 2.2 million homes across Québec, Ontario and the


Atlantic provinces, offering speeds of up to 940 Mbps at launch


and rising to a full 1 Gigabit per second (Gbps) or faster in 2016


as equipment evolves to support these speeds. Gigabit Fibe and


Gigabit FibreOP are enabled by the ongoing deployment of our


FTTP network, bringing high-speed fibre technology directly into


homes and businesses.








2016 FOCUS






Expand FTTP footprint to 8.2 million locations passed






Accelerate FTTP deployment in Toronto and other major cities
 
and expand availability of Gigabit Fibe and Gigabit FibreOP
 
Internet service






Complete our 4G LTE wireless network build to 98% of Canadian
 
population and manage wireless network capacity




Expand LTE-A coverage to reach 75% of the Canadian population




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 41
2	STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES	MD&A	



 




2.2 Accelerate wireless









Our objective is to grow our Bell Wireless business profitably by focusing on postpaid subscriber acquisition and retention, maximizing average revenue per user (ARPU) by targeting premium smartphone subscribers in all geographic markets we operate in, leveraging our wireless networks, and maintaining device and mobile content leadership to drive greater wireless data penetration and usage.






2015 PROGRESS








Acquired 36% and 43% of total new postpaid gross and net
 
activations, respectively, among the three national wireless
 
carriers, while achieving leading service revenue, ARPU and
 
adjusted EBITDA growth of 7.6%, 5.3% and 7.8%, respectively






Expanded the number of smartphone users at the end of 2015
 
to 78% of our total postpaid subscribers, up from 76% at the
 
end of 2014






Expanded our smartphone lineup with over 30 new devices,
 
including the Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, Samsung Galaxy
 
S6 and S6 Edge, Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Motorola Moto G, HTC
 
One M9 and LG G4, adding to our extensive selection of 4G
 
LTE-capable devices




Completed the acquisition of Glentel






Launched Suretap, an open wallet payment system based on
 
near field communications (NFC) subscriber identity module (SIM)
 
cards and backed by Bell, TELUS Corporation (TELUS) and Rogers
 
and available to other carriers. With support for 40 payment
 
cards and more than 30 gift card brands, the Suretap app
 
is available to more than 90% of Android and BlackBerry
 
devices sold.






Launched Roam Better roaming feature that gives customers
 
access to specialized roaming rates while traveling, providing
 
unlimited voice and text messages across the U.S. and back to
 
Canada as well as an additional 100 megabit (MB) of data usage
 
for $5 per day






Launched the Bell Control Centre, a secure cloud-based platform
 
that lets Canadian businesses manage network connected
 
devices within their operations over our 4G LTE network








2016 FOCUS








Profitably grow our wireless postpaid subscriber base, while
 
maintaining market share momentum of incumbent postpaid
 
subscriber activations




Continue to increase ARPU






Expand the number of postpaid smartphone subscribers using
 
our 4G LTE and LTE-A networks






Continue to manage the financial and churn impacts from
 
increased market activity arising from the significantly
 
increased number of off-contract customers as a result of
 
the mandatory code of conduct for providers of retail mobile
 
wireless voice and data services in Canada (Wireless Code)
 
implemented in 2013, which has applied to all wireless contracts
 
since June 3, 2015






Offer the latest handsets and devices in a timely manner
 
to enable customers to benefit from ongoing technological
 
improvements by manufacturers and from faster data speeds
 
to optimize the use of our services






Accelerate new revenue streams by continuing to drive the
 
commercialization of mobile payments and IoT services
 
and applications




 



42 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	2	STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES	MD&A



 




2.3 Leverage wireline momentum









We focus on leveraging our fibre-based TV and Internet services to develop attractive residential offers that drive higher multi-product bundle sales and improve customer satisfaction and retention. These new services contribute to the ongoing shift of our operating mix away from legacy wireline voice services.






In our business markets, we remain focused on expanding our broadband network and strengthening our delivery of integrated solutions to Canadian businesses, while continuing to manage the transformation of our business from legacy network services to a fully-integrated data hosting, cloud computing and managed services provider.






2015 PROGRESS




Became Canada’s largest TV provider with
	2,738,496 subscribers, up 3.6% over 2014, and increased our total number of
	IPTV subscribers by 26.7% to 1,182,791


Built on our position as the leading
	Internet service provider in Canada with a high-speed Internet subscriber
	base of 3,413,147, up 3.5% over 2014


Increased the number of multi-product
	households – those that buy TV, Internet and Home Phone – by 11% over 2014,
	fuelled by our IPTV service, which drove higher pull-through attach rates
	for Home Phone and Internet services, with 64% of all new IPTV customers
	taking three products


Continued to lead IPTV innovation in Canada
	by making several enhancements to our Fibe TV and FibreOP TV services with
	exclusive features like Restart, enabling customers to rewind and watch TV
	shows already in progress from the beginning


Further enhanced Restart with a “Look
		Back” feature, allowing viewers to go back in time to watch and Restart
		shows that aired in the previous 30 hours


Introduced other new features including
		“Trending”, available on Fibe TV, which highlights the five most-watched
		shows in Canada at any given time and allows viewers to watch them live
		or Restart from the beginning; and “Resume”, which allows viewers to
		change channels while replaying a show and then change back to the
		original channel and pick up where they left off


Launched the Fibe TV app, which
		recreates the full Fibe TV experience on any screen, with access to more
		than 300 live and on-demand channels at home, or up to 170 on the go


Upgraded all Fibe and FibreOP customer
		TV receivers to enable quick access to Netflix video streaming






Bell Fibe TV and Bell Aliant FibreOP TV were
	the top two TV services most recommended by customers in Canada
(1)


Opened a state-of-the-art data centre in
	Saint John, New Brunswick, the first in Atlantic Canada and one of just 11
	in Canada to achieve Tier III designation, which certifies full redundancy
	in all mission critical infrastructures


Expanded Bell’s data hosting facility in
	Montréal, already the largest in Québec, to offer a total IT load capacity
	of 6.8 megawatts in a 60,000 square foot (5,574 m2) location, supporting
	business technology growth in Québec and reinforcing Bell’s leadership in
	hosting, connectivity and cloud computing








2016 FOCUS




Continue to enhance our IPTV service


In January 2016, we launched the Fibe TV
		4K Whole Home PVR for customers in Toronto, Montréal, Ottawa and Québec
		City. Bell’s 4K Whole Home PVR is the smallest available on the market
		and has the largest recording capacity. In February 2016, the
		availability of the 4K Whole Home PVR for purchase was expanded to all
		Bell Fibe TV customers and to Bell Aliant FibreOP TV customers in
		Atlantic Canada. The rental program as well as HDR (high dynamic range)
		ready capabilities will be available early in the second quarter of
		2016.






Expand our total base and market share of TV
	and Internet subscribers profitably


Continue to reduce total wireline
	residential net losses


Increase residential household ARPU through
	greater multi-product household penetration


Increase share of wallet of large enterprise
	customers through greater focus on business service solutions and
	connectivity growth


In February 2016, we announced a new
		partnership with IBM Canada Limited (IBM) to expand the cloud computing
		services available through our Bell Business Cloud service, giving
		businesses across Canada access to the IBM Cloud service via a secure,
		high-speed connection from Bell, simplifying the way customers adopt and
		build out their hybrid clouds






Increase the number of net new customer
	relationships in both large and mid-sized businesses and reduce small
	business customer losses





 



(1)	Nielsen Consumer Insights findings published in Customer Interaction Metric study (October 2015)



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 43
2	STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES	MD&A	



 




2.4 Expand media leadership









We strive to deliver leading sports, news, entertainment and business content across multiple broadband platforms – TV, Internet, smartphones and tablets (four screens) – to grow audiences. We also plan to create more of our own content, ensuring that Canadian attitudes, opinions, values and artistic creativity are reflected in our programming and in our coverage of events in Canada and around the world, and to introduce new services in support of new revenue streams.






2015 PROGRESS




Maintained CTV’s #1 ranking as the most-watched network


in Canada for the 14th year in a row, and continued to lead


with a majority of the Top 20 programs nationally in all


key demographics


Concluded a comprehensive, long-term agreement with HBO


giving Bell Media the ability to deliver all current-season,


past-season and library HBO programming in Canada exclusively on our linear, on-demand and OTT platforms. Bell Media


and HBO will also partner to co-produce original Canadian


programming for their platforms and for distribution worldwide.


Announced the expansion of TMN into a national pay TV service


in 2016 as Bell Media becomes the sole operator of HBO Canada


after Corus winds down operations of its Movie Central and


Encore Avenue pay TV services in Western and Northern Canada


Concluded a long-term content licensing and trademark agreement to bring the SHOWTIME brand to Canada for the first time


with past, present and future SHOWTIME-owned programming


being made available across all platforms in English and French,


including CraveTV and TMN


Concluded a licensing agreement with Twentieth Century Fox


Television Distribution that will deliver first-run theatrical titles


from Twentieth Century Fox, Fox Searchlight, and Fox 2000 to


TMN and TMN Encore subscribers


Extended our broadcast agreement with the CFL by three


years through to the end of the 2021 season. TSN and RDS hold


exclusive television rights for CFL football, including pre-season,


regular season, playoff and Grey Cup games. In addition


to broadcast and digital rights, the deal features exclusive


Grey Cup radio rights for Bell Media stations.


Concluded an agreement with CBC/Radio-Canada to be


the official sports specialty broadcaster for the Beijing 2022


Winter Olympic Games and the 2024 Summer Olympic Games,


extending our partnership which already covers Rio 2016,


PyeongChang 2018 and Tokyo 2020


Extended a long-term media rights agreement for French Open


tennis through to 2024, ensuring TSN and RDS will continue to


deliver exclusive coverage of all four Grand Slam tennis events


Astral OOH was awarded long-term contracts with a number


of Canadian airports, including: an eight-year contract by the


Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International airport to replace all


of the existing advertising infrastructure at the airport with


a complete line of digital products; an eight-year contract with


the Vancouver International Airport; and a 10-year contract with


Halifax’s Stanfield International Airport


Astral OOH secured a 10-year business agreement for transit


shelter and bus advertising in Québec city with the Réseau de


transport de la Capitale


Acquired the Argos of the CFL jointly with Larry Tanenbaum’s


Kilmer Group, a partner in MLSE, strengthening our media


strategy by adding another iconic brand to our already


extensive sports line-up








2016 FOCUS




Maintain strong audience levels and ratings
	across all TV and radio properties


Reinforce industry leadership in
	conventional TV, pay TV, sports media and radio


In January 2016, we announced an
		exclusive partnership with iHeartRadio to bring its digital and
		streaming music services to Canada in 2016


Also in January 2016, TSN became the
		first broadcaster to produce a live 4K Ultra HD broadcast in North
		America with the Toronto Raptors vs. Boston Celtics basketball game on
		January 20, 2016






Grow viewership and scale of CraveTV
	on-demand TV streaming service


In January 2016, we launched CraveTV
		direct to consumers as a standalone product available to all Canadians
		with an Internet subscription






Expand TMN into a national pay TV service


Develop in-house production and content
	creation for distribution and use across all platforms and screens


Expand live and on-demand content through
	our TV Everywhere services


Become the OOH leader in Canada


In January 2016, we acquired Métromédia
		CMR Plus Inc. (Métromédia), Cogeco Inc.’s OOH advertising subsidiary,
		allowing Astral OOH to expand its advertising assets in the public
		transit market






Grow French media properties


Leverage cross-platform and integrated sales
	and sponsorship




 



44 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	2	STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES	MD&A



 




2.5 Improve customer service









Our objective is to enhance customers’ overall experience by delivering call centre efficiency, meeting commitments for the installation and timely repair of services, increasing network quality, and implementing process improvements to simplify customer transactions and interactions with our front-line employees and self-serve tools. All of these will help differentiate us from our competitors and gain long-term customer loyalty. We intend to achieve this by making the investments we need to improve our front-line service capabilities, our networks, our products and our distribution channels to win and keep customers.






2015 PROGRESS




Invested over $850 million since 2011, including approximately


$100 million in 2015, to improve the customer experience


Reduced customer calls to our service centres by 6 million in


2015 through our continued investments in service and a focus


on simplification


Reduced Fibe TV installation time for FTTP customers by 10%


in 2015 and 30% since the beginning of 2012


Increased availability of two-hour appointment windows for Fibe


TV installations by seven times over 2014 and extended two-hour


window availability to Internet and Home Phone repairs


Achieved Same Day Next Day service completion rates of 92%


for repairing service issues with Home Phone, TV and Internet


and increased Same Day completion for both residential and


business customers by 24% over 2014


Improved customer satisfaction with technicians to 92% for


installations and repairs


Reduced IP VPN provisioning time by 12 days for


business customers


Improved Net Promoter Score, a measure of overall customer


satisfaction, by 14% in 2015 and 55% since 2011 for Bell Mobility


Bell was the most improved wireless carrier among full service


carriers and Virgin Mobile Canada (Virgin Mobile) was #1 among


national carriers in customer service and wireless purchase


experience satisfaction
(1)


Launched a redesigned and simplified bill for residential


customers with an intuitive grid format, making it easier for


customers to follow changes month over month


Introduced personalized videos for new Bell Mobility customers


that explain what to expect on the first bill, how to check usage


and update phone features, and how to manage accounts


through MyBell.ca and the MyBell mobile app


Introduced a faster registration process for our online


self-serve platform


Introduced a new Internet usage notification program, enabling


customers to better manage their Internet usage


Launched a new suite of call centre tools to improve the ordering


experience for small business customers, reducing ordering


times by 60%


Handled more than 160 million online self-serve visits, infoviews


and transactions, an increase of 9 million over 2014








2016 FOCUS








Continue to invest in customer service initiatives to simplify
 
complexity for all customers including billing




Reduce further the total volume of wireline and wireless customer calls to our residential and wireless services call centres




Further improve customer satisfaction scores




Achieve better consistency in customer experience




Improve customer personalization






2.6 Achieve a
		competitive cost structure









Cost containment is a core element of our financial performance. It remains a key factor in our objective to preserve steady margins as we continue to experience revenue declines in our legacy wireline voice and data services and further shift our product mix towards growth services. We aim to accomplish this through operating our business in the most cost-effective way possible to extract maximum operational efficiency and productivity gains.






2015 PROGRESS








Maintained stable BCE consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin
(2)
 
compared to 2014






Reduced wireline operating costs by 1.6%, contributing
 
to Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA margin improvement of
 
0.7 pts over 2014






Realized operating cost and capital expenditure synergies
 
from the integration of Bell Aliant into our Bell Wireline and
 
Bell Wireless segments






Restructured Bell Media’s organization to grow the team’s
 
competitiveness in the fast-changing media landscape


Restructured our Business Markets unit to maximize service and support for our mid-sized and enterprise business customers and enhance Bell’s leadership in these markets








2016 FOCUS








Realize additional operating cost and capital expenditure
 
synergies from the integration of Bell Aliant






Execute on labour savings from workforce reductions at
 
Bell Media and Bell Wireline






Deliver cost savings from workforce reductions undertaken
 
in 2015, ongoing service improvements, and savings related
 
to the deployment of FTTP to support a stable consolidated
 
adjusted EBITDA margin





 



(1)	J.D. Power and Associates 2015 Canadian Wireless Customer Care Study
(2)	Adjusted EBITDA margin is a non-GAAP financial measure and does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. See section 10.2, Non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) – Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin for more details.




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 45
3	PERFORMANCE TARGETS,
		OUTLOOK, ASSUMPTIONS AND RISKS	MD&A	



 




3
 Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks






This section provides information pertaining to our performance against 2015 targets, our consolidated business outlook and operating assumptions for 2016 and our principal business risks.






3.1 2015 performance vs. guidance targets



	FINANCIAL GUIDANCE	2015 TARGET	2015 PERFORMANCE AND RESULTS	ACHIEVED
BCE	Revenue growth	1%–3%	2.2%	Driven by strong Bell Wireless revenue growth of 8.7% along with Bell Media revenue growth of 1.3%, moderated by a modest decline in Bell Wireline revenue of 0.5%.	
Adjusted EBITDA growth	2%–4%	3.0%	Increase reflected 4.3% higher revenues from Bell growth services (wireless, wireline broadband and TV as well as media), offsetting the decline in traditional wireline voice service revenues. This, along with effective cost containment, resulted in a relatively stable adjusted EBITDA margin of 39.7%.	
Capital intensity	Approx. 17%	16.9%	BCE invested $3,626 million in new capital in 2015 resulting in a capital intensity ratio of 16.9% compared to 17.7% in 2014. Capital spending was focused on the ongoing deployment of our broadband fibre, the continued rollout of our 4G LTE and LTE-A mobile services, expansion of network capacity to support greater speeds and increasing data usage, as well as enhancements to our customer service delivery systems.	
Adjusted net earnings per share (adjusted EPS) (1)	$3.28–$3.38	$3.36	Adjusted net earnings (1) in 2015 increased by $321 million, or $0.18 per common share, driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, lower non-controlling interest as a result of the privatization of Bell Aliant, lower amortization expense and reduced interest expense, partly offset by higher other expense. The average number of BCE common shares outstanding increased, as a result of the privatization of Bell Aliant, our investment in Glentel and shares issued under a public bought deal offering, which moderated the increase in adjusted EPS.	
Free cash flow growth	Approx. 8%–15%	9.3%	Increase in free cash flow of $255 million in 2015 was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, the favourable impact of the privatization of Bell Aliant and lower capital expenditures, partly offset by lower cash from working capital.	







3.2 Business outlook and assumptions






Outlook




BCE’s 2016 outlook builds on the sound financial results achieved in 2015 and reflects continued progress in the execution of our six strategic imperatives to drive healthy projected revenues, adjusted EBITDA, net earnings and free cash flow growth from operations, which is expected to support substantial capital investment programs in strategic network infrastructure and a higher BCE common share dividend for 2016. Our outlook also reflects the confidence we have in continuing to successfully manage our Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media businesses within the context of a highly competitive and dynamic market.




The key 2016 operational priorities for BCE are to:




Maintain market share momentum of incumbent wireless


postpaid subscriber activations


Drive higher wireless adjusted EBITDA through wireless postpaid


subscriber base expansion and higher blended ARPU, driven


by a higher smartphone mix, increased data consumption


on 4G LTE and LTE-A networks, and higher access rates from


price increases


Complete our 4G LTE network build, significantly expand our


LTE-A network footprint and manage wireless network capacity


Continue broadband fibre deployment with a focus on


expanding our FTTP footprint


Generate positive full-year wireline adjusted EBITDA growth


Deliver positive full-year residential net subscriber activations


within our wireline incumbent local exchange carrier (ILEC)


footprint, driven by continued IPTV growth and an expanded


FTTP network that are expected to support the pull-through


of Internet and residential NAS services, leading to a higher


penetration of multi-product households


Increase residential services household ARPU from increased


penetration of multi-product households, promotion expiries and


price increases


Limit downsizing of current TV packages by our customers as


a result of the implementation of TV channel unbundling





 



(1)	Adjusted net earnings and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures and do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. See section 10.2, Non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) - Adjusted net earnings and adjusted EPS in this MD&A for more details, including a reconciliation to the most comparable IFRS financial measures.



 



46 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	3	PERFORMANCE TARGETS,
		OUTLOOK, ASSUMPTIONS AND RISKS	MD&A



 




Deliver positive Bell Media full-year adjusted EBITDA growth


and margin improvement, driven by CraveTV subscriber growth,


national expansion of TMN and labour savings from workforce


reductions undertaken in 2015


Continue scaling Bell Media’s CraveTV on-demand streaming


service through growth in the number of broadcasting


distribution undertakings’ (BDUs) offering the service to their TV


customers and growth in OTT users following our direct-to-consumer launch in January 2016


Control rising TV programming and sports rights costs as well as


multi-platform media content costs


Realize operating cost savings from workforce reductions undertaken in 2015 across the Bell Media and Bell Wireline organizations, realize further operating cost synergies from the integration of Bell Aliant into our Bell Wireline and Bell Wireless operating segments, and continue to drive customer service improvements to help maintain BCE’s adjusted EBITDA margin essentially stable year over year






Our projected financial performance for 2016 enabled us to increase the annualized BCE common share dividend for 2016 by 13 cents, or 5.0%, to $2.73 per share, maintaining our payout ratio within our target policy range of 65% to 75% of free cash flow.




Assumptions







ASSUMPTIONS ABOUT THE CANADIAN ECONOMY








Gradual strengthening of the economy driven by activity in the
 
non-resource sector, given the Bank of Canada’s most recent
 
estimated growth in Canadian gross domestic product of 1.4% in
 
2016, compared to 1.2% in 2015






Sustained weak employment growth, as the overall level of
 
business investment is expected to remain soft




Interest rates to remain relatively stable through 2016






Canadian dollar to remain at near current levels, with any further
 
movements impacted by the degree of strength of the U.S. dollar
 
and changes in commodity prices








MARKET ASSUMPTIONS








A sustained level of wireline and wireless competition in both
 
consumer and business markets






Higher but slowing wireless industry penetration and
 
smartphone adoption






Wireless industry pricing discipline maintained on a higher
 
expected number of customers with expired contracts resulting
 
from the expiry of two- or three-year service contracts due to
 
the Wireless Code






A relatively stable media advertising market and escalating
 
costs to secure TV programming






3.3 Principal business risks







Provided below is a summary description of certain of our principal business risks that could have a material adverse effect on all of our segments. Certain additional business segment-specific risks are reported in section 5, 
Business segment analysis
. For a detailed description of the principal risks relating to our regulatory environment and a description of the other principal business risks that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, business or reputation, refer to section 8, 
Regulatory environment
, and section 9, 
Business risks
, respectively.




Regulatory environment





Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies and departments such as the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED) (previously called Industry Canada), Canadian Heritage and the Competition Bureau continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as mandatory access to networks, net neutrality, spectrum auctions,
 approval of acquisitions, broadcast licensing and foreign ownership requirements. Adverse decisions by regulatory agencies or increased regulation could have negative financial, operational, reputational or competitive consequences for our business. For a discussion of our regulatory environment and the principal risks related thereto, refer to section 8, 
Regulatory environment
.




Competitive environment





As the scope of our businesses increases and evolving technologies drive new services, new delivery models and creative strategic partnerships, our competitive landscape expands to include new and emerging competitors, certain of which were historically our partners or suppliers, as well as other global scale competitors including, in particular, OTT TV service and voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) providers. Pricing and investment decisions of market participants are based on many factors, such as strategy, market position, technology evolution, customer confidence and economic climate, and collectively these could adversely affect our market shares, service volumes and pricing strategies and, consequently, our financial results. Technology substitution and IP networks, in particular, continue to reduce barriers to entry in our industry. This has allowed competitors to launch new products and services and


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 47
3	PERFORMANCE TARGETS,
		OUTLOOK, ASSUMPTIONS AND RISKS	MD&A	



 




gain market share with far less investment in financial, marketing, human, technological and network resources than has historically been required. In particular, some competitors sell their services through the use of our networks, without the need to invest to build their own networks. Such lower necessary investment has enabled some competitors to be very disruptive in their pricing. We expect these trends to continue in the future, which could negatively impact our business including, without limitation, in the following ways:




Competitors’ aggressive market offers could result in pricing


pressures and increased costs of customer acquisition and


retention while higher Canadian wireless penetration could slow


opportunities for new customer acquisition


Product substitutions and spending rationalization by business


customers could result in an acceleration of NAS erosion beyond


our current expectations


A fundamental separation of content and connectivity is emerging, allowing the expansion and market penetration of low-cost


OTT TV providers and other alternative service providers, which


is changing our TV and media ecosystems and could affect our


business negatively


The increasing dependence on apps for content delivery, sales,


customer engagement and service experience drives the need


for new and scarce capabilities (sourced internally or externally),


which may not be available, as well as the need for associated


operating processes integrated into ongoing operations


Competition with global competitors such as Netflix, in addition


to traditional Canadian competitors, for programming content


could drive significant increases in content acquisition costs


while other global scale entities such as Google disrupt


local market dynamics as a result of innovative global


market strategies


Adverse economic conditions, such as economic downturns or


recessions, adverse conditions in the financial markets, or a


declining level of retail and commercial activity could have a


negative impact on the demand for, and prices of, our wireline,


wireless and media products and services, as well as drive


an increase in bad debts as the creditworthiness of some


customers declines


The continued market expansion of VoIP service providers


and traditional software players delivering low-cost voice line


alternatives, which is changing our approach to service offers


and pricing, could have an adverse effect on our business


Foreign competitors could enter the Canadian market and


leverage their global scale advantage


Our changing competitive landscape could also result


in challenges in optimizing the benefit of creative strategic


partnerships such as Glentel, MLSE and Q9








For a further discussion of our competitive environment and competition risk, as well as a list of our main competitors, on a segmented basis, refer to 
Competitive landscape and industry trends 
and 
Principal business risks 
in section 5, 
Business segment analysis
.




Security management







Our operations, service performance and reputation depend on how well we protect our assets, including networks, information technology (IT) systems, offices and sensitive information, from events and attacks such as those referred to in section 9, 
Business risks – Operational performance – Our operations and business continuity depend on how well we protect, test, maintain and replace our networks, IT systems, equipment and other facilities
. The protection and effective organization of our systems, applications and information repositories are central to the secure and continuous operation of our networks and business as electronic and physical records of proprietary business and personal data, such as confidential customer and employee information, are all sensitive from a market and privacy perspective. In particular, cyber threats, which include cyber attacks such as, but not limited to, hacking, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, industrial espionage, unauthorized access to confidential, proprietary or sensitive information or other breaches of network or IT security, are constantly evolving and our IT defences need to be constantly monitored and adapted. We are also exposed to cyber threats as a result of actions that may be taken by our customers or by our employees, whether malicious or not, including as a result of the use of social media and IT consumerization. In addition, cloud-based solutions may increase the risk of security and
 data leakage exposure if security control protocols are bypassed. Vulnerabilities could harm our brand and reputation as well as our customer relationships and may lead to:








Network operating failures and service disruptions, which
 
could directly impact our customers’ ability to maintain normal
 
business operations and deliver critical services and/or the
 
ability of third-party suppliers to deliver critical services to us






The theft, loss or leakage of confidential information, including
 
customer or employee information, that could result in financial
 
loss, exposure to claims for damages by customers and
 
employees, and difficulty in accessing materials to defend
 
legal cases




Physical damage to network assets impacting service continuity






Fines and sanctions from credit card providers for failing to
 
comply with payment card industry data security standards for
 
protection of cardholder data






Increased audit and regulatory scrutiny that could divert
 
resources from project delivery






Increased fraud as criminals leverage stolen information against
 
us, our employees or our customers






The potential for loss of subscribers or impairment of our ability
 
to attract new ones




 



48 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	4	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		ANALYSIS	MD&A



 




4
 Consolidated financial analysis






This section provides detailed information and analysis about BCE’s performance in 2015 compared with 2014. It focuses on BCE’s consolidated operating results and provides financial information for each of our businesses. For further discussion and analysis of our Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline, and Bell Media business segments, refer to section 5, 
Business segment analysis
.






4.1 Introduction






BCE consolidated income statements



	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Operating revenues	21,514		21,042		472		2.2	%
Operating costs	(12,963	)	(12,739	)	(224	)	(1.8	%)
Adjusted EBITDA	8,551		8,303		248		3.0	%
Adjusted EBITDA margin	39.7	%	39.5	%			0.2	%
Severance, acquisition and other costs	(446	)	(216	)	(230	)	n.m.	
Depreciation	(2,890	)	(2,880	)	(10	)	(0.3	%)
Amortization	(530	)	(572	)	42		7.3	%
Finance costs								
Interest expense	(909	)	(929	)	20		2.2	%
Interest on post-employment benefit obligations	(110	)	(101	)	(9	)	(8.9	%)
Other (expense) income	(12	)	42		(54	)	n.m.	
Income taxes	(924	)	(929	)	5		0.5	%
Net earnings	2,730		2,718		12		0.4	%
Net earnings attributable to:								
Common shareholders	2,526		2,363		163		6.9	%
Preferred shareholders	152		137		15		10.9	%
Non-controlling interest	52		218		(166	)	(76.1	%)
Net earnings	2,730		2,718		12		0.4	%
Adjusted net earnings attributable to common shareholders	2,845		2,524		321		12.7	%
Net earnings per common share (EPS)	2.98		2.98		–		–	
Adjusted EPS	3.36		3.18		0.18		5.7	%





n.m.: not meaningful




BCE had a successful 2015, delivering revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth of 2.2% and 3.0%, respectively that yielded a stable adjusted EBITDA margin of 39.7% compared to 39.5% in 2014. This drove adjusted net earnings growth of 12.7% and healthy free cash flow growth of 9.3%.




BCE’s strong adjusted EBITDA performance was led by continued revenue growth from our wireless, Internet, IPTV and media businesses together with disciplined management of our operating costs, including cost reductions and synergy savings achieved from the Bell Aliant integration. This more than offset the higher spending on customer retention and postpaid subscriber acquisition at Bell Wireless, the erosion in traditional voice and data revenues at Bell Wireline and escalating content costs at Bell Media.




Net earnings in 2015 increased 0.4% compared to 2014, reflecting adjusted EBITDA growth, lower amortization expense due to an increase in the useful life of application software and reduced interest expense on various Bell Canada debt instruments. This was partly offset by higher severance, acquisition and other costs and higher other expense.




In 2015, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased $33 million compared to 2014, as a result of higher adjusted EBITDA, a lower voluntary DB pension plan contribution made in 2015 and lower income taxes paid in 2015, partly offset by lower cash from working capital and higher acquisition and other costs paid, mainly due to the payment in full satisfaction of the judgment rendered in a litigation claim for Satellite TV signal piracy as well as severance and integration costs relating to the privatization of Bell Aliant.




Our earnings and free cash flow supported our capital investment in our strategic priorities, particularly our broadband wireless and wireline networks and services, which helped to drive higher wireless, TV and Internet subscribers, while supporting the return of value to BCE shareholders through higher dividends.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 49
4	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		ANALYSIS	MD&A	



 




4.2 Customer connections







TOTAL BCE CONNECTIONS



	2015		2014		% CHANGE	
Wireless subscribers	8,245,831		8,118,628		1.6	%
Postpaid	7,375,416		7,110,047		3.7	%
High-speed Internet subscribers (1)(2)	3,413,147		3,297,026		3.5	%
TV (Satellite and IPTV subscribers) (1)(2)	2,738,496		2,642,608		3.6	%
IPTV (1)(2)	1,182,791		933,547		26.7	%
Total growth services	14,397,474		14,058,262		2.4	%
Wireline NAS lines (1)(2)	6,688,666		7,130,852		(6.2	%)
Total services	21,086,140		21,189,114		(0.5	%)



 



(1)	Our Q1 2015 Internet, IPTV, total TV, and NAS subscriber base included a beginning of period adjustment to reduce the number of subscribers by 7,505, 2,236, 7,702, and 4,409, respectively, for deactivations as a result of the CRTC decision to eliminate the 30-day notice period required to cancel services.
(2)	Subsequent to a review of our subscriber metrics, our Q1 2015 beginning of period Internet, IPTV and total TV subscriber base was reduced by 31,426, 1,849 and 3,790 subscribers, respectively, while our NAS base was increased by 657 subscribers. These adjustments primarily consisted of older balances.







BCE NET ACTIVATIONS



	2015		2014		% CHANGE	
Wireless subscribers	127,203		193,596		(34.3	%)
Postpaid	265,369		311,954		(14.9	%)
High-speed Internet subscribers	155,052		160,390		(3.3	%)
TV (Satellite and IPTV subscribers)	107,380		153,360		(30.0	%)
IPTV	253,329		276,034		(8.2	%)
Total growth services	389,635		507,346		(23.2	%)
Wireline NAS lines	(438,434	)	(464,717	)	5.7	%
Total services	(48,799	)	42,629		n.m.	





n.m.: not meaningful




BCE added 389,635 net new customer connections to its growth services in 2015, down 23.2% year over year. This was comprised of:








265,369 postpaid wireless customers, partly offset by the
 
net loss of 138,166 prepaid wireless customers




155,052 high-speed Internet customers






253,329 net new IPTV customers, partly offset by the net loss of
 
145,949 Satellite TV customers






NAS net losses of 438,434 in 2015 improved by 5.7% compared to last year.




Total BCE customer connections across all services declined by 0.5% in 2015, reflecting an aggregate increase of 2.4% in our growth services subscriber bases, moderated by a stable year-over-year decline in wireline NAS of 6.2%. At the end of 2015, BCE customer connections totalled 21,086,140 and were comprised of the following:








8,245,831 wireless subscribers, up 1.6%, which included
 
7,375,416 postpaid wireless subscribers, an increase of 3.7%
 
since the end of last year






3,413,147 high-speed Internet subscribers, 3.5% higher year
 
over year






2,738,496 total TV subscribers, up 3.6%, which included
 
1,182,791 IPTV customers, up 26.7% year over year




6,688,666 total NAS lines, a decline of 6.2% compared to last year




 



50 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	4	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		ANALYSIS	MD&A



 




4.3 Operating revenues








	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Bell Wireless	6,876		6,327		549		8.7	%
Bell Wireline	12,258		12,324		(66	)	(0.5	%)
Bell Media	2,974		2,937		37		1.3	%
Inter-segment eliminations	(594	)	(546	)	(48	)	(8.8	%)
Total BCE operating revenues	21,514		21,042		472		2.2	%







BCE




Total operating revenues for BCE increased by 2.2% in 2015, attributable to strong growth in our Bell Wireless segment together with higher revenues in our Bell Media segment, offset in part by a modest decline in our Bell Wireline segment. This was comprised of service revenues of $19,757 million, which grew by 2.2% compared to 2014, and product revenues of $1,757 million, which increased by 2.9% year over year.






BELL WIRELESS




Bell Wireless revenue growth of 8.7%, reflected 7.6% higher service revenues driven by a larger postpaid subscriber base combined with increased blended ARPU, resulting from higher average rate plan pricing, as customers continued to shift from three-year contracts to two-year contracts. Additionally, the growth in data usage, driven by higher smartphone penetration and greater usage of data applications along with improved collections of termination charges, further contributed to the growth in wireless revenues. This was partly offset by lower voice usage. Product revenues increased 22.2% in 2015, as a result of increased pricing on certain handsets, a greater number of premium smartphone devices in our sales mix and increased sales following the commencement of the convergence of three-year and two-year contract expiries (referred to as the “double cohort” in the wireless industry) due to the Wireless Code.






BELL WIRELINE




Bell Wireline revenues decreased a modest 0.5% in 2015, compared to last year, reflecting the continued erosion in our traditional voice and data revenues as well as a reduction in spending by business customers on data equipment as a result of continued slow economic growth, and competitive pricing pressures. The negative impact of legislation enacted in December 2014, which eliminated charges for paper bills in our residential market, also contributed to the decline. This was partly offset by higher Internet and TV service revenues, driven by subscriber growth and higher household ARPU.






BELL MEDIA




Bell Media revenues were up 1.3% compared to prior year, driven by increased conventional TV and OOH advertising, as well as higher subscriber revenues from growth in CraveTV, our streaming service launched in December 2014, and our broad suite of TV Everywhere services. This was partly offset by lower revenues from the discontinuance of Viewers Choice, which ceased operations in 2014, and a reduction in pay TV subscribers.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 51
4	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		ANALYSIS	MD&A	



 




4.4 Operating costs








	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Bell Wireless	(4,048	)	(3,703	)	(345	)	(9.3	%)
Bell Wireline	(7,258	)	(7,379	)	121		1.6	%
Bell Media	(2,251	)	(2,203	)	(48	)	(2.2	%)
Inter-segment eliminations	594		546		48		8.8	%
Total BCE operating costs	(12,963	)	(12,739	)	(224	)	(1.8	%)







BCE




Total BCE operating costs increased by 1.8% compared to 2014, mainly as a result of higher revenues. Operating cost increases at Bell Wireless and Bell Media were moderated by cost savings realized at our Bell Wireline segment.






BELL WIRELESS




The 9.3%, or $345 million, year-over-year increase in operating costs, was attributable to:








Greater investment in customer retention resulting from higher
 
activity in the market as a result of the double cohort combined
 
with a greater proportion of smartphone upgrades






Increased subscriber acquisition costs associated with higher
 
postpaid gross activations




Higher bad debt expense generated by increased revenues






Higher network operating costs driven by LTE network
 
expansion and increased usage






Increased payments to other carriers resulting from higher
 
data usage volume






These factors were partly offset by lower advertising expense and reduced content costs.






BELL WIRELINE




Operating costs improved by 1.6%, or $121 million, compared to last year, as a result of:








Cost savings generated by the synergies from the privatization
 
of Bell Aliant






Lower labour costs resulting from headcount reductions, vendor
 
contract savings and lower call volumes






Decreased general and administration costs driven by lower
 
bad debt, fleet costs, operating taxes and professional fees






Reduced cost of goods sold attributable to lower
 
equipment sales






Marketing and sales savings, due to disciplined spending
 
and higher costs incurred in the first quarter of 2014 for the
 
Sochi 2014 Winter Olympic Games




Lower payments to other carriers driven by volume declines






These factors were partly offset by higher TV programming costs, due to a larger IPTV subscriber base, programming rate increases and the launch of CraveTV in December 2014.






BELL MEDIA




Operating costs increased by 2.2%, or $48 million, over 2014, primarily from greater content and programming costs related to CraveTV and sports broadcast rights, the expiry of certain CRTC benefits including the completion of the Local Programming Improvement Fund (LPIF) and higher spending on Canadian programming. This was partly offset by the loss of the broadcast rights for the 2015 NHL playoffs, reduced amortization of the fair value of certain programming rights, lower costs from the discontinuance of the Viewers Choice channel and disciplined expense management.



 



(1)	Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(2)	Labour costs (net of capitalized costs) include wages, salaries, and related taxes and benefits, post-employment benefit plans service cost, and other labour costs, including contractor and outsourcing costs.
(3)	Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, information technology (IT) costs, professional service fees and rent.




 


 



52 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	4	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		ANALYSIS	MD&A



 




4.5 Adjusted EBITDA








	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Bell Wireless	2,828		2,624		204		7.8	%
Bell Wireline	5,000		4,945		55		1.1	%
Bell Media	723		734		(11	)	(1.5	%)
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA	8,551		8,303		248		3.0	%



 








BCE




BCE’s adjusted EBITDA was 3.0% higher in 2015 compared to last year, due to strong Bell Wireless performance and positive Bell Wireline growth, offset in part by a modest decline in Bell Media.




BCE’s adjusted EBITDA margin of 39.7% in 2015 remained relatively stable compared to 39.5% achieved in 2014, reflecting organic growth in revenues, tight operating cost control, and integration synergies from the privatization of Bell Aliant. This result was achieved even with higher wireless customer retention and postpaid subscriber acquisition spending, business markets softness and escalating content costs at Bell Media.






BELL WIRELESS




Bell Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased by 7.8% in 2015, compared to 2014, reflecting strong service revenue growth, partly offset by increased spending on customer retention and acquisitions driven by an increased number of customer contract expirations and a higher level of promotional activity as a result of the double cohort.






BELL WIRELINE




Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA increased by 1.1% in 2015, compared to last year, attributable to:






Ongoing growth in our Internet and IPTV revenues




Synergies achieved from the privatization of Bell Aliant




Continued effective cost management






This was offset in part by:






Loss of higher-margin legacy voice and data service revenues






The impact of overall market softness on our Bell Business
 
Markets unit reflecting the impact of reduced customer spending
 
and competitive pricing pressures








BELL MEDIA




Bell Media adjusted EBITDA declined by 1.5% in 2015 compared to last year, as a result of increased content and programming costs, which was moderated in part by revenue growth and lower amortization of the fair value of certain programming rights.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 53
4	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		ANALYSIS	MD&A	



 




4.6 Severance, acquisition and other costs





This category includes various income and expenses that are not related directly to the operating revenues generated during the year.










2015




Severance, acquisition and other costs included:








Severance costs related to involuntary and voluntary workforce reduction initiatives
 
of $197 million incurred mainly in our Bell Media and Bell Wireline segments to address
 
increasing competition, media industry regulation, a soft business market and declines in
 
home phone subscribers






Acquisition and other costs of $249 million related mainly to a charge of $142 million
 
incurred for the payment in full satisfaction of the judgment rendered in a litigation claim
 
for Satellite TV signal piracy, severance and integration costs relating to the privatization
 
of Bell Aliant, as well as transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees,
 
related to completed or potential acquisitions.








2014




Severance, acquisition and other costs included:








Severance costs related to involuntary and voluntary workforce reduction initiatives
 
of $82 million






Acquisition and other costs of $134 million, including severance and integration costs
 
relating to the privatization of Bell Aliant as well as transaction costs, such as legal and
 
financial advisory fees, related to completed or potential acquisitions






4.7 Depreciation and amortization





The amount of our depreciation and amortization in any year is affected by:








How much we invested in new
 
property, plant and equipment and
 
intangible assets in previous years






How many assets we retired
 
during the year






Estimates of the useful lives
 
of assets










DEPRECIATION






Depreciation in 2015 increased by $10 million compared to 2014 due to a higher net depreciable asset base as we continued to invest in our broadband and wireless networks, as well as our IPTV service, partly offset by a reduction in the estimates of useful lives of certain network assets starting July 1, 2014 which increased depreciation expense in 2014, as described in section 10.1, 
Our accounting policies – Critical accounting estimates and key judgments
.






AMORTIZATION






Amortization in 2015 decreased by $42 million compared to 2014, due mainly to an increase in 2014 in the estimates of useful lives of certain IT software assets from five to seven years, which was applied prospectively effective July 1, 2014, as described in section 10.1, 
Our accounting policies – Critical accounting estimates and key judgments
, partly offset by a higher net asset base.


 



54 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	4	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		ANALYSIS	MD&A



 




4.8 Finance costs









INTEREST EXPENSE




Interest expense in 2015 decreased by $20 million compared to 2014 as a result of higher capitalized interest and lower average interest rates, partly offset by higher average debt levels.






INTEREST ON POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS




Interest on our post-employment benefit obligations is based on market conditions that existed at the beginning of the year.




In 2015, interest expense increased by $9 million compared to last year due to a higher post-employment benefit obligation and a lower discount rate, which decreased from 4.9% on January 1, 2014 to 4.0% on January 1, 2015.




The impacts of changes in market conditions during the year are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI).




4.9 Other (expense) income





Other (expense) income includes income and expense, such as:






Net mark-to-market gains or losses on derivatives used as economic hedges






Net gains or losses on investments, including gains or losses when we dispose of,
 
write down or reduce our ownership in investments




Impairment of assets




Losses on disposal and retirement of software, plant and equipment




Equity (loss) income from investments in associates and joint ventures




Early debt redemption costs










2015




Other expense included losses on disposal of software, plant and equipment of $55 million, a net impairment charge of $49 million mainly related to Bell Media’s music properties resulting from revenue and profitability declines from lower viewership and higher TV content costs, and losses totalling $49 million from our equity investments which included a loss on investments of $54 million representing our share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures. These factors were partly offset by a gain on investments of $72 million mainly due to a $94 million gain on the sale of our 50% ownership interest in Glentel to Rogers, and net mark-to-market gains of $54 million on derivatives used as economic hedges of share-based compensation and U.S. dollar purchases.






2014




Other income included net mark-to-market gains of $134 million on derivatives used as economic hedges of share-based compensation and U.S. dollar purchases, dividend income of $42 million from earnings generated in trust prior to the divestiture of Bell Media assets held for sale and foreign exchange gains in 2014. These were partly offset by a net impairment charge of $105 million, mainly relating to Bell Media’s conventional TV properties resulting from a softness in the overall Canadian TV advertising market and higher TV content costs, losses on disposal of software, plant and equipment of $51 million, and early debt redemption costs of $29 million.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 55
4	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		ANALYSIS	MD&A	



 




4.10 Income taxes









The following table provides information and reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with income taxes calculated at a statutory income tax rate of 26.9% and 26.6% for 2015 and 2014, respectively.



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Net earnings	2,730		2,718	
Add back income taxes	924		929	
Earnings before income taxes	3,654		3,647	
Applicable statutory tax rate	26.9	%	26.6	%
Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates	(983	)	(970	)
Non-taxable portion of gains on investments	26		4	
Resolution of uncertain tax positions	41		1	
Utilization of previously unrecognized tax credits	5		23	
Effect of change in provincial corporate tax rate	(6	)	–	
Change in estimate relating to prior periods	8		11	
Other	(15	)	2	
Total income taxes	(924	)	(929	)
Average effective tax rate	25.3	%	25.5	%



 


 




4.11 Net earnings and EPS









Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2015 increased by $163 million, due to higher adjusted EBITDA, lower non-controlling interest due to the privatization of Bell Aliant, lower amortization expense due to an increase in the useful life of application software, and reduced interest expense on various Bell Canada debt instruments. This was partly offset by higher severance, acquisition and other costs and higher other expense.




Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net gains (losses) on investments, and early debt redemption costs, adjusted net earnings in 2015 were $2,845 million, or $3.36 per common share, compared to $2,524 million, or $3.18 per common share in 2014. The increase in adjusted EPS was partly offset by an increase in the average number of BCE common shares outstanding as a result of the privatization of Bell Aliant, our investment in Glentel and shares issued under a public bought deal offering.


 



56 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	4	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		ANALYSIS	MD&A



 




4.12 Capital expenditures









BCE capital expenditures declined by $91 million, or 2.4%, in 2015 due to lower spending in our Bell Wireline and Bell Media segments, partly offset by increased spending at Bell Wireless. As a percentage of revenue, BCE capital expenditures were 16.9% compared to 17.7% in 2014. Our capital investment supported the ongoing deployment of broadband fibre, including the build-out of Gigabit Fibe in Toronto and other urban locations, the continued rollout of our 4G LTE and LTE-A mobile services, expansion of our network capacity to support greater LTE speeds and increasing data consumption, as well as enhancements to our customer service delivery systems.




4.13 Cash flows









In 2015, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased $33 million compared to 2014, as a result of higher adjusted EBITDA, a lower voluntary DB pension plan contribution made in 2015 and lower income taxes paid in 2015, partly offset by lower cash from working capital and higher acquisition and other costs paid, mainly due to the payment in full satisfaction of the judgment rendered in a litigation claim for Satellite TV signal piracy as well as severance and integration costs relating to the privatization of Bell Aliant.




Free cash flow available to BCE’s common shareholders increased $255 million in 2015, driven by the favourable impact of the privatization of Bell Aliant, lower capital expenditures and higher cash flows from operating activities.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 57
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELESS	MD&A	



 




5
 Business segment analysis






5.1 Bell Wireless



In 2015, we achieved industry-leading profitability through disciplined postpaid customer acquisition and retention and increasing ARPU by driving higher smartphone adoption and mobile data usage.





Key elements of relevant strategic imperatives








INVEST IN BROADBAND NETWORKS AND SERVICES






2015 PROGRESS




Expanded our 4G LTE wireless network to
	reach 96% of the Canadian population coast to coast


Launched Dual-band LTE-A network service,
	delivering mobile data speeds of up to 260 Mbps (typical speeds of 18 to 74
	Mbps), to 48% of the Canadian population in parts of British Columbia,
	Alberta, Ontario, Atlantic Canada, Yukon and the Northwest Territories. We
	also began the rollout of Tri-band LTE-A, delivering speeds of up to 335
	Mbps (typical speeds of 25 to 100 Mbps), in parts of Southern Ontario and
	select cities in Atlantic Canada.


Acquired 13 licences for 169 million MHz-pop
	of AWS-3 spectrum in key urban and rural markets for $500 million following
	Industry Canada’s wireless spectrum auction, growing Bell’s capacity to meet
	heavy consumer and business demand for mobile data services


Acquired an additional 243 million MHz-pop
	of 2500 MHz spectrum for $29 million as part of Industry Canada’s spectrum
	auction, supplementing existing holdings in key urban and rural markets
	across Canada


Bell’s 4G LTE wireless network was
		ranked as the fastest mobile LTE network in Canada by PCMag, Rootmetrics,
		and OpenSignal












2016 FOCUS








Complete our 4G LTE wireless network build to 98% of the
 
Canadian population and manage wireless network capacity




Expand LTE-A coverage to reach 75% of the Canadian population





 








ACCELERATE WIRELESS






2015 PROGRESS




Acquired 36% and 43% of total new postpaid gross and net activations, respectively, among the three national wireless carriers, while achieving leading service revenue, ARPU and adjusted EBITDA growth of 7.6%, 5.3% and 7.8%, respectively


Expanded the number of smartphone users at the end of 2015 to


78% of our total postpaid subscribers, up from 76% at the end of 2014


Expanded our smartphone lineup with over 30 new devices,


including the Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, Samsung Galaxy


S6 and S6 Edge, Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Motorola Moto G, HTC


One M9 and LG G4, adding to our extensive selection of 4G


LTE-capable devices


Completed the acquisition of Glentel


Launched Suretap, an open wallet payment system based


on NFC SIM cards and backed by Bell, TELUS and Rogers and


available to other carriers. With support for 40 payment cards


and more than 30 gift card brands, the Suretap app is available


to more than 90% of Android and BlackBerry devices sold.








2016 FOCUS








Profitably grow our wireless postpaid subscriber base, while
 
maintaining market share momentum of incumbent postpaid
 
subscriber activations




Continue to increase ARPU






Expand the number of postpaid smartphone subscribers using
 
our 4G LTE and LTE-A networks






Continue to manage the financial and churn impacts from
 
increased market activity arising from the significantly
 
increased number of off-contract customers as a result of
 
the Wireless Code, which has applied to all wireless contracts
 
since June 3, 2015






Offer the latest handsets and devices in a timely manner
 
to enable customers to benefit from ongoing technological
 
improvements by manufacturers and from faster data speeds
 
to optimize the use of our services






Accelerate new revenue streams by continuing to drive the
 
commercialization of mobile payments and IoT services
 
and applications





 








IMPROVE CUSTOMER SERVICE






2015 PROGRESS








Reduced customer calls to our service centres by 6 million in
 
2015 through our continued investments in service and a focus
 
on simplification






Bell was the most improved wireless carrier among full
 
service carriers and Virgin Mobile was #1 among national
 
carriers in customer service and wireless purchase
 
experience satisfaction
(1)




 



(1)	J.D. Power
		and Associates 2015 Canadian Wireless Customer Care Study



 



58 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS
		SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELESS	MD&A



 








Launched a redesigned and simplified bill for residential
 
customers with an intuitive grid format, making it easier for
 
customers to follow changes month over month






Introduced personalized videos for new Bell Mobility customers
 
that explain what to expect on the first bill, how to check usage
 
and update phone features, and how to manage accounts
 
through 


MyBell.ca
 
and the MyBell mobile app








2016 FOCUS








Continue to invest in customer service initiatives to simplify
 
complexity for all customers including billing






Reduce further the total volume of customer calls
 
to our wireless service call centres





 








ACHIEVE A COMPETITIVE COST STRUCTURE






2015 PROGRESS




Realized operating cost and capital expenditure synergies from the integration of Bell Aliant








2016 FOCUS






Deliver cost savings from ongoing service improvements






Financial performance analysis







2015 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS














BELL WIRELESS RESULTS






REVENUES



	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Service	6,246		5,806		440		7.6	%
Product	590		483		107		22.2	%
Total external revenues	6,836		6,289		547		8.7	%
Inter-segment revenues	40		38		2		5.3	%
Total Bell Wireless revenues	6,876		6,327		549		8.7	%



 



(1)	J.D. Power and Associates 2015 Canadian Wireless Customer Care Study




 



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 59
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELESS	MD&A	




 


Bell Wireless operating revenues
 increased 8.7% in 2015 compared to last year, as a result of higher service and product revenues.




Service revenues
 were up 7.6% in 2015 compared to the prior


year, reflecting a greater number of postpaid subscribers


in our customer base combined with blended ARPU growth.


ARPU growth was driven by higher average monthly access


rates as customers continued to shift from three-year plans to


two-year plans, improved collections of termination charges


and increased data usage from greater smartphone penetration


and data usage stimulated by broader 4G LTE network coverage


and greater speeds. Lower wireless voice revenues, resulting
 from greater adoption of unlimited nationwide talk plans and the ongoing substitution for data applications, moderated the year-over-year growth in service revenues.


Bell Wireless data revenues
 in 2015 were 23.6% higher compared to 2014
		


Bell Wireless voice revenues
 declined by 6.7% compared to last year
		






Product revenues
 were up 22.2% compared to 2014, mainly due to increased handset pricing combined with a greater proportion of premium smartphone devices in our sales mix and a greater number of device upgrades. The increase in market activity was stimulated by the start of the double cohort at the beginning of June 2015.








OPERATING COSTS AND ADJUSTED EBITDA



	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Operating costs	(4,048	)	(3,703	)	(345	)	(9.3	%)
Adjusted EBITDA	2,828		2,624		204		7.8	%
Total adjusted EBITDA margin	41.1	%	41.5	%			(0.4	%)
Service adjusted EBITDA margin	45.3	%	45.2	%			0.1	%





Bell Wireless operating costs
 increased 9.3% in 2015 compared to last year, as a result of:








Higher investment in customer retention that reflected a greater
 
number of subsidized upgrades, due primarily to the impact
 
of the double cohort combined with a greater proportion of
 
premium smartphone upgrades






Increased subscriber acquisition costs attributable to higher
 
postpaid gross activations




Higher bad debt expense driven by increased revenues






Higher network operating costs associated with LTE network
 
expansion and increased usage






Greater payments to other carriers due to higher data
 
usage volumes






These factors were offset partly by lower advertising expense and lower wireless content expenses.




Bell Wireless adjusted EBITDA
 grew 7.8% in 2015 compared to last year, fuelled by higher operating revenues, as described above, which was moderated by greater customer retention spending and subscriber acquisition costs, higher bad debt expense, increased payments to other carriers and higher network operating costs. This resulted in relatively stable year-over-year adjusted EBITDA margin, based on service revenues, of 45.3% in 2015 compared to 45.2% achieved in 2014.






BELL WIRELESS OPERATING METRICS



	2015		2014		CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Blended ARPU ($/month)	63.09		59.92		3.17		5.3	%
Gross activations	1,600,147		1,643,451		(43,304	)	(2.6	%)
Postpaid	1,338,141		1,291,207		46,934		3.6	%
Prepaid	262,006		352,244		(90,238	)	(25.6	%)
Net activations	127,203		193,596		(66,393	)	(34.3	%)
Postpaid	265,369		311,954		(46,585	)	(14.9	%)
Prepaid	(138,166	)	(118,358	)	(19,808	)	(16.7	%)
Blended churn % (average per month)	1.51	%	1.52	%			0.01	%
Postpaid	1.28	%	1.22	%			(0.06	%)
Prepaid	3.32	%	3.44	%			0.12	%
Subscribers	8,245,831		8,118,628		127,203		1.6	%
Postpaid	7,375,416		7,110,047		265,369		3.7	%
Prepaid	870,415		1,008,581		(138,166	)	(13.7	%)
Cost of acquisition (COA) ($/subscriber)	467		441		(26	)	(5.9	%)



 


 



60 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS
		SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELESS	MD&A



 




Blended ARPU
 of $63.09 reflected a year-over-year increase of 5.3% in 2015 compared to last year, due to an increased mix of customers on higher-rate two year plans, disciplined pricing, greater data usage, improved collection of termination charges and a higher percentage of postpaid customers in our total subscriber base. This was partly offset by lower voice ARPU, compared to last year, as customers continue to substitute voice with data services.








Data ARPU
 increased 21% in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by
 
greater penetration of smartphones and other data devices
 
such as tablets that are driving greater data consumption from
 
e-mail, web browsing, social networking, text messaging, mobile
 
TV, picture and video messaging, as well as entertainment
 
services such as video streaming, music downloads and gaming.
 
The higher speeds enabled by the expansion of our 4G-LTE and
 
LTE-A networks also contributed to the growth in data ARPU. The
 
impact of a higher number of subscribers on premium rate plans
 
with higher data usage thresholds and a greater mix of shared
 
plans moderated the year-over-year growth in data ARPU.






Voice ARPU
 declined 8.5% in 2015 compared to last year,
 
primarily as a result of greater adoption of all-inclusive rate
 
plans for both local and long distance calling, competitive pricing
 
and lower overall voice usage due to ongoing substitution of
 
voice services with data services






Total gross wireless activations
 decreased 2.6% in 2015, compared to last year, due to lower prepaid activations. Postpaid activations were higher year over year.




Postpaid gross activations
 increased 3.6% in 2015 compared to


2014, driven by greater activity in the Canadian wireless market


from the impact of the double cohort that began in June 2015


Prepaid gross activations
 decreased 25.6% in 2015 compared


to last year, due to our continued focus on postpaid


customer acquisitions






Smartphone users
 as a percentage of postpaid subscribers increased to 78% at December 31, 2015 compared to 76% at the end of 2014.




Blended wireless churn
 of 1.51% in 2015 remained relatively stable compared to 1.52% in 2014, despite higher deactivations due to a greater number of total subscribers compared to last year.








Postpaid churn
 increased 0.06% in 2015, compared to 2014, to
 
1.28%, due to greater market activity and a larger number of
 
off-contract customers driven by the double cohort






Prepaid churn
 improved 0.12% in 2015, compared to last year,
 
to 3.32%, as a result of fewer customer deactivations compared
 
to last year






Postpaid net activations
 decreased 14.9% in 2015, compared to the prior year, due to higher customer deactivations.




Prepaid net customer losses
 increased 16.7% in 2015, compared to last year, as a result of lower gross activations.




Wireless subscribers
 at December 31, 2015 totalled 8,245,831 representing an increase of 1.6% since the end of 2014. The proportion of Bell Wireless customers subscribing to postpaid service increased to 89% in 2015 from 88% last year.




COA
 per gross activation in 2015 increased $26 over last year to $467, due to a higher proportion of postpaid smartphone customers in our activation mix combined with greater promotional pricing.




Retention costs
 as a percentage of service revenue increased to 12.6% in 2015 compared to 11.0% in 2014, as a result of more subsidized customer upgrades reflecting increased market activity as a result of the double cohort, the ongoing shift to more expensive smartphone models in our upgrade mix and greater promotional pricing.




Competitive landscape and industry trends







COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE




The wireless market is the largest sector of the Canadian telecommunications industry, representing 48% of total revenues, and is currently growing at a mid-single digit rate annually.




There are over 29 million wireless subscribers in Canada. The three large national incumbents, Bell, TELUS and Rogers, account for over 90% of industry subscribers and revenues. Rogers holds the largest share by virtue of its legacy global system for mobile (GSM) network. However, Bell has recaptured significant subscriber market share, as well as the largest proportion of industry revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth since 2009, helped by the launch of our HSPA+ and 4G LTE networks, expanded retail distribution, the purchase of Virgin Mobile, a refreshed brand and improved customer service.




Canada’s wireless penetration was approximately 82% at the end of 2015, compared to 110% for the U.S. and as high as 180% in certain countries in Europe. Canada’s wireless sector is expected to continue growing at a steady pace for the foreseeable future, driven by the increasing usage of data services, the further expansion of 4G LTE service in the more rural and remote regions of Canada and the deployment of LTE-A network service enabled by the aggregation of multiple channels of wireless spectrum.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 61
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELESS	MD&A	



 




Competitors




Large facilities-based national wireless service providers Rogers and TELUS.




Smaller facilities-based wireless service provider WIND Mobile
(1)
, which provides service in Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver, Edmonton, Ottawa, as well as in several communities in southwestern Ontario.




Regional facilities-based wireless service providers Vidéotron Ltée (Vidéotron), which provides service in Montréal and other parts of Québec; Saskatchewan Telecommunications Holding Corporation (SaskTel), which provides service in Saskatchewan; Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (MTS Mobility), which provides service in Manitoba; and EastLink, which launched service in Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island in February 2013.




Mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs), who resell competitors’ wireless networks such as PC Mobile.




Canadian wireless market share







 







(1)	Shaw Communications Inc. (Shaw) completed its acquisition of WIND Mobile on March 1, 2016.
(2)	Percentages may not add to 100 due to rounding.
(3)	Bell metrics shown include Bell Aliant as of 2015.
(4)	TELUS metrics shown include Public Mobile Inc. as of 2015.




 



62 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS
		SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELESS	MD&A




 




INDUSTRY TRENDS






ACCELERATING DATA CONSUMPTION




Wireless data growth continues to be driven by the ongoing adoption of smartphones and tablets, and associated data plans. The demand for wireless data services is expected to continue to grow, due to ongoing investment in faster network technologies, such as 4G LTE and LTE-A that provide a richer user experience, a larger appetite for mobile connectivity and social networking, greater selection of smartphones and tablets, as well as increasing adoption of shared plans with multiple devices by families. Greater customer adoption of data services, including mobile TV, data roaming for travel, mobile commerce, mobile banking, and other IoT applications in the areas of retail and transportation (connected car, asset tracking, remote monitoring) should also contribute to the growth. In the consumer market, IoT is projected to be a future growth area for the industry as wireless connectivity on everyday devices, from home automation to cameras, becomes ubiquitous.






NEED FOR MORE WIRELESS SPECTRUM AND CARRIER AGGREGATION




Fast growth in mobile data traffic is increasingly putting a strain on wireless carriers’ networks and their ability to manage and service this traffic. Industry Canada’s 700 MHz, AWS-3, and 2500 MHz spectrum auctions that concluded in 2014 and 2015 provided wireless carriers with prime spectrum to roll out faster next-generation wireless networks and build greater capacity. Furthermore, carrier aggregation (CA) is a technology currently being employed by Canadian wireless carriers (and which is expected to be used more extensively in the future) that allows for multiple spectrum channels to be used together, thereby significantly increasing capacity and data transfer rates.






GREATER SPENDING ON CUSTOMER RETENTION




As wireless penetration in Canada increases further, together with a growing number of off-contract subscribers and a continued high level of competitive intensity, even greater focus will be required to improve customer service, enhance existing service offerings and spend on upgrading more customers to new devices. In particular, as a result of the Wireless Code, which has limited wireless contract terms to two years from three years previously, a higher level of transactional market activity is expected as a result of a growing number of customers who will be eligible to renew their plans or change carriers. However, as the number of customer contract migrations from three-year to two-year contracts slows down, ARPU growth is expected to moderate.




Business outlook and assumptions







2016 OUTLOOK




We expect continued revenue growth driven by a greater number of postpaid subscribers, accelerating data usage from smartphone customers and higher rate plan pricing for both two-year contracts and bring-your-own-device (BYOD) plans. We will seek to achieve higher revenues from data growth, delivered through our HSPA+, 4G LTE and LTE-A networks, higher demand for services such as web browsing, music and video streaming and community portals such as Facebook and YouTube, as well as nascent services including mobile commerce and other IoT applications. Our intention is to introduce these new products and services to the market in a way that balances innovation with profitability.




Three-year contracts established before the Wireless Code came into effect and, a new wave of two-year contracts, expired in 2015, leading to a higher level of transactional market activity across the Canadian wireless industry. This higher level of activity is expected to continue into 2016 and highlights the critical importance of our ongoing focus on improving customer satisfaction and maintaining discipline in subscriber acquisition and retention spending to acquire and retain high-quality postpaid subscribers. We plan to deliver adjusted EBITDA growth in 2016 from continued solid revenue growth, which should be partly offset by higher acquisition and retention investment consistent with the expected increase in market activity.






ASSUMPTIONS








Maintain our market share momentum of incumbent wireless
 
postpaid subscriber activations






Continued adoption of smartphone devices, tablets and data
 
applications, as well as the introduction of more 4G LTE devices
 
and new data services






Earlier expiries under two-year contracts compared to
 
three-year contracts, leading to an increase in the number
 
of subscribers who are eligible for upgrades






Higher subscriber acquisition and retention spending, driven
 
by higher handset costs and more customer device upgrades,
 
reflecting a higher number of off-contract subscribers due to
 
earlier expiries under two-year contracts






Higher blended ARPU, driven by a higher postpaid smartphone
 
mix, increased data consumption on 4G LTE and LTE-A networks,
 
and higher access rates from price increases






Completion of the LTE network buildout to 98% of the Canadian
 
population and expansion of the LTE-A network coverage to
 
approximately 75% of the Canadian population






Ability to monetize increasing data usage and customer
 
subscriptions to new data services






Ongoing technological improvements by handset manufacturers
 
and from faster data network speeds that allow customers to
 
optimize the use of our services






No material financial, operational or competitive consequences
 
of changes in regulations affecting our wireless business




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 63
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELESS	MD&A	



 




Key growth driver





Increasing Canadian wireless industry penetration


Continued customer adoption of two-year rate plans


Increasing customer adoption of smartphones, tablets and other


4G LTE devices to increase mobile data usage


Greater number of postpaid customers on our 4G LTE


and LTE-A networks


Customer usage of new data applications and services such


as M-commerce and M-banking






Principal business risks







This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Wireless segment. For a detailed description of the principal risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, 
Business risks
.



AGGRESSIVE COMPETITION RISK The intensity of competitive activity from incumbent wireless operators, newer wireless entrants, non-traditional players and resellers POTENTIAL IMPACT Pressure on our adjusted EBITDA, ARPU and cost of acquisition and retention, as well as increased churn, would likely result if competitors aggressively increase discounts for handsets and price plans or offer other incentives, such as new data plans or multi-product bundles, to attract new customers		REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT RISK Greater regulation of wholesale mobile wireless services (e.g. more stringent regulation of wholesale roaming rates), additional mandated access to wireless networks and limitations placed on future spectrum bidding POTENTIAL IMPACT Such greater regulation could limit our flexibility, influence the market structure, improve the business positions of our competitors and negatively impact the financial performance of our mobile wireless business		CONTINUING IMPACT OF THE WIRELESS CODE RISK A large number of subscribers who, as a result of the adoption of the Wireless Code, are off-contract could switch to other carriers due, in particular, to aggressive market pricing POTENTIAL IMPACT Potentially elevated churn, relative to our historical churn rates, could result in subscriber losses as well as higher costs



 



64 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS
		SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A



 




5.2 Bell Wireline




 



Our Bell Wireline segment achieved positive adjusted EBITDA and cash flow growth in 2015 driven by growing TV and Internet scale as well as lower operating costs, which contributed to maintaining an industry-best adjusted EBITDA margin.







Key elements of relevant strategic imperatives








INVEST IN BROADBAND NETWORKS AND SERVICES






2015 PROGRESS








Began the buildout of broadband fibre directly to 1.1 million
 
homes and businesses across the City of Toronto as part of Bell’s
 
single largest infrastructure expansion project, with a planned
 
capital investment of approximately $1.14 billion. The majority of
 
the build-out is expected to be completed by the end of 2017.






Launched Gigabit Fibe and Gigabit FibreOP Internet service to
 
more than 2.2 million homes across Québec, Ontario and the
 
Atlantic provinces, offering speeds of up to 940 Mbps at launch
 
and rising to a full 1 Gbps or faster in 2016 as equipment evolves
 
to support these speeds. Gigabit Fibe and Gigabit FibreOP
 
are enabled by the ongoing deployment of our FTTP network,
 
bringing high-speed fibre technology directly into homes
 
and businesses.






Extended our residential IPTV service coverage to reach
 
6.2 million households across Ontario, Québec and the Atlantic
 
provinces, up from approximately 5.9 million at the end of 2014








2016 FOCUS






Expand our FTTP footprint to 8.2 million locations passed






Accelerate FTTP deployment in Toronto and other major cities
 
and expand availability of Gigabit Fibe and Gigabit FibreOP


Internet service





 








LEVERAGE WIRELINE MOMENTUM






2015 PROGRESS




Became Canada’s largest TV provider with 2,738,496 subscribers,


up 3.6% over 2014, and increased our total number of IPTV


subscribers by 26.7% to 1,182,791


Built on our position as the leading Internet service provider in


Canada with a high-speed Internet subscriber base of 3,413,147,


up 3.5% over 2014


Increased the number of multi-product households – those that


buy TV, Internet and Home Phone – by 11% over 2014, fuelled by


our IPTV service, which drove higher pull-through attach rates


for Home Phone and Internet services, with 64% of all new IPTV


customers taking three products


Continued to lead IPTV innovation in Canada by making several


enhancements to our Fibe TV and FibreOP TV services with


exclusive features like Restart, Look Back, Trending, available


on Fibe TV, Resume and the Fibe TV app


Bell Fibe TV and Bell Aliant FibreOP TV were the top two


TV services most recommended by customers in Canada
(1)








2016 FOCUS




Continue to enhance our IPTV service


In January 2016, we launched the Fibe TV
		4K Whole Home PVR for customers in Toronto, Montréal, Ottawa and Québec
		City. Bell’s 4K Whole Home PVR is the smallest available on the market
		and has the largest recording capacity. In February 2016, the
		availability of the 4K Whole Home PVR for purchase was expanded to all
		Bell Fibe TV customers and to Bell Aliant FibreOP TV customers in
		Atlantic Canada. The rental program as well as HDR ready capabilities
		will be available early in the second quarter of 2016.






Expand our total base and market share of TV
	and Internet subscribers profitably


Continue to reduce total wireline
	residential net losses


Increase residential household ARPU through
	greater multi-product household penetration


Increase share of wallet of large enterprise
	customers through greater focus on business service solutions and
	connectivity growth


In February 2016, we announced a new
		partnership with IBM to expand the cloud computing services available
		through our Bell Business Cloud service, giving businesses across Canada
		access to the IBM Cloud service via a secure, high-speed connection from
		Bell, simplifying the way customers adopt and build out their hybrid
		clouds






Increase the number of net new customer
	relationships in both large and mid-sized business and reduce small business
	customer losses





 



(1)	Nielsen Consumer Insights findings published in Customer Interaction Metric study (October 2015)



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 65
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A	



 








IMPROVE CUSTOMER SERVICE






2015 PROGRESS








Reduced customer calls to our service centres by 6 million in
 
2015 through our continued investments in service and a focus
 
on simplification






Reduced Fibe TV installation time for FTTP customers by
 
10% in 2015 and 30% since the beginning of 2012






Increased availability of two-hour appointment windows for Fibe
 
TV installations by seven times over 2014 and extended two-hour
 
window availability to Internet and Home Phone repairs






Achieved Same Day Next Day service completion rates of
 
92% for repairing service issues with Home Phone, TV and Internet
 
and increased Same Day completion for both residential and
 
business customers by 24% over 2014






Improved customer satisfaction with technicians to 92% for
 
installations and repairs






Launched a redesigned and simplified bill for residential
 
customers with an intuitive grid format, making it easier for
 
customers to follow changes month over month








2016 FOCUS








Continue to invest in customer service initiatives to simplify
 
complexity for all customers including billing






Reduce further the total volume of wireline customer calls
 
to our residential service call centres




Further improve customer satisfaction scores




Achieve better consistency in customer experience




Improve customer personalization





 








ACHIEVE A COMPETITIVE COST STRUCTURE






2015 PROGRESS








Reduced wireline operating costs by 1.6%, contributing
 
to Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA margin improvement
 
of 0.7% over 2014






Realized operating cost and capital expenditure synergies from
 
the integration of Bell Aliant






Restructured our Business Markets unit to maximize service and
 
support for our mid-sized and enterprise business customers
 
and enhance Bell’s leadership in these markets








2016 FOCUS








Realize additional operating cost and capital expenditure
 
synergies from the integration of Bell Aliant






Execute on labour savings from workforce reductions
 
at Bell Wireline






Deliver cost savings from ongoing service improvements and
 
savings related to the deployment of FTTP to support a stable
 
consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin






Financial performance analysis







2015 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS










 



66 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS
		SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A



 








BELL WIRELINE RESULTS






REVENUES



	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Data	7,163		6,978		185		2.7	%
Local and access	3,271		3,420		(149	)	(4.4	%)
Long distance	831		922		(91	)	(9.9	%)
Equipment and other	778		791		(13	)	(1.6	%)
Total external revenues	12,043		12,111		(68	)	(0.6	%)
Inter-segment revenues	215		213		2		0.9	%
Total Bell Wireline revenues	12,258		12,324		(66	)	(0.5	%)





Bell Wireline operating revenues
 decreased by 0.5% in 2015 compared to last year, as a result of lower local and access, long distance and equipment and other revenues, as well as the negative impact of legislation enacted in December 2014 which eliminated charges for paper bills. This decline was moderated by the growth in data revenues.




Bell Wireline service revenues have remained essentially stable, year over year, due to growth at our Bell Residential Services unit driven by the continued expansion of our IPTV and Internet subscriber bases, higher household ARPU and stable voice revenue erosion. This was largely offset by the year-over-year decline at Bell Business Markets reflecting market softness and competitive pricing.




Data revenue
 growth of 2.7% in 2015, compared to 2014,


was led by our Bell Residential Services unit and attributable


to increased Internet and TV services revenues from a


higher number of IPTV subscribers, price increases and greater


demand for higher bandwidth Internet service. Higher wholesale


Internet revenues also contributed to the overall growth in data


revenues. This was partly offset by a decline in our Bell Business


Markets unit, due to slow economic growth that resulted in


a lower volume of product sales, and repricing pressures. The continued erosion in our traditional legacy data services in


both our business and wholesale markets also moderated data


revenue growth.


Local and access revenues
 declined by 4.4% in 2015,


compared to last year, representing an improvement over


the 5.2% year-over-year decline in 2014. The decrease in 2015


was driven by the ongoing loss of NAS lines due to technological


substitution to wireless and Internet-based services, large


business customer conversions to IP-based data services, as well


as pricing pressures in our business market. This was moderated


by rate increases on our residential services combined with


fewer residential NAS line losses compared to 2014.


Long distance revenues
 decreased by 9.9% in 2015 compared to


2014, reflecting fewer minutes of use by residential and business


customers as a result of NAS line losses, technology substitution


to wireless and OTT Internet-based services, as well as ongoing


rate pressures in our residential market attributable to customer


adoption of premium rate plans


Equipment and other revenues
 decreased by 1.6% in 2015


compared to 2014, driven by reduced business equipment sales,


partly offset by increased consumer electronic equipment


sales at The Source








OPERATING COSTS AND ADJUSTED EBITDA



	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Operating costs	(7,258	)	(7,379	)	121		1.6	%
Adjusted EBITDA	5,000		4,945		55		1.1	%
Adjusted EBITDA margin	40.8	%	40.1	%			0.7	%





Bell Wireline operating costs
 were $121 million, or 1.6%, lower in 2015 compared to last year, driven by:




Operational cost savings generated by synergies from the


privatization of Bell Aliant


Lower labour costs attributable to headcount reductions, vendor


contract savings and reduced call volumes


Reduced general and administration costs driven by lower bad


debt expense, fleet costs, operating taxes and professional fees


Lower cost of goods sold consistent with reduced business


equipment sales


Decreased marketing and sales expense, due to lower


advertising spend and higher advertising costs incurred in the


first quarter of 2014 for the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympic Games


Lower payments to other carriers driven by reduced volumes




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 67
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A	



 




These factors were partly offset by:




Escalating programming costs related to our IPTV services driven by a higher number of subscribers, programming rate increases and the launch of CraveTV in December 2014






Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA
 grew by 1.1% in 2015 with a corresponding increase in adjusted EBITDA margin to 40.8% from 40.1% in 2014. This was attributable to:






Continued Internet and IPTV growth


Synergies achieved from the privatization of Bell Aliant

• 
Effective cost containment





This was partly offset by:





The ongoing, but moderating, loss of higher-margin legacy voice and data service revenues
	


The impact of market softness resulting in reduced customer spending and competitive pricing pressures in our Bell Business Markets unit








BELL WIRELINE OPERATING METRICS






Data 




High-speed Internet



	2015		2014		CHANGE		% CHANGE	
High-speed Internet net activations	155,052		160,390		(5,338	)	(3.3	%)
High-speed Internet subscribers (1)(2)	3,413,147		3,297,026		116,121		3.5	%



 



(1)	Our Q1 2015 subscriber base included a beginning of period adjustment to reduce the number of subscribers by 7,505 for deactivations as a result of the CRTC’s decision to eliminate the 30-day notice period required to cancel services.
(2)	Subsequent to a review of our subscriber metrics, our Q1 2015 beginning of period subscriber base was reduced by 31,426 subscribers. This adjustment primarily consisted of older balances.





High-speed Internet subscriber net activations
 in 2015 declined 3.3%, or 5,338, to 155,052 compared to 2014, due to lower net activations in our small and large business markets. Residential net activations remained relatively stable, year over year, despite more aggressive bundle offers from cable competitors as we continued to benefit from the favourable pull-through impact of IPTV subscriber activations.




High-speed Internet subscribers
 at December 31, 2015 totalled 3,413,147, up 3.5% from the end of 2014.






TV



	2015		2014		CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Net subscriber activations	107,380		153,360		(45,980	)	(30.0	%)
IPTV	253,329		276,034		(22,705	)	(8.2	%)
Total subscribers (1)(2)	2,738,496		2,642,608		95,888		3.6	%
IPTV (1)(2)	1,182,791		933,547		249,244		26.7	%



 



(1)	Our Q1 2015 IPTV and total TV subscriber base included a beginning of period adjustment to reduce the number of subscribers by 2,236 and 7,702, respectively, for deactivations as a result of the CRTC’s decision to eliminate the 30-day notice period required to cancel services.
(2)	Subsequent to a review of our subscriber metrics, our Q1 2015 beginning of period IPTV and total TV subscriber base was reduced by 1,849 and 3,790 subscribers, respectively. These adjustments primarily consisted of older balances.





IPTV subscriber net activations
 decreased by 8.2%, or 22,705 to 253,329 compared to 2014, reflecting aggressive offers for service bundles from cable competitors and a slowdown in the pace of our IPTV footprint expansion. This was partly offset by lower residential customer churn attributable to a more mature subscriber base.




Satellite TV net customer losses
 of 145,949 were 19.0% higher in 2015, compared to 2014, mainly as a result of a reduced number of retail activations driven by aggressive offers from cable TV competitors, particularly in our service areas where our IPTV services are not available, combined with lower wholesale net activations driven by the roll-out of IPTV services by other competing providers in Western Canada. This was moderated by lower residential customer churn resulting from a more mature subscriber base.




Total TV net subscriber activations
 (IPTV and Satellite TV combined) decreased 30.0%, or 45,980, to 107,380 compared to 2014, due to lower IPTV and Satellite TV net activations compared to 2014.




IPTV subscribers
 at December 31, 2015 totalled 1,182,791, up 26.7% from 933,547 at the end of 2014.




Satellite TV subscribers
 at December 31, 2015 totalled 1,555,705, down 9.0% from 1,709,061 at the end of 2014.




Total TV subscribers
 (IPTV and Satellite TV combined) at December 31, 2015 totalled 2,738,496, representing a 3.6% increase since the end of 2014.



 



68 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS
		SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A



 






Local and access



	2015		2014		CHANGE		% CHANGE	
NAS LINES								
Residential (1)(2)	3,533,732		3,815,608		(281,876	)	(7.4	%)
Business	3,154,934		3,315,244		(160,310	)	(4.8	%)
Total	6,688,666		7,130,852		(442,186	)	(6.2	%)
NAS NET LOSSES								
Residential	(278,124	)	(305,729	)	27,605		9.0	%
Business	(160,310	)	(158,988	)	(1,322	)	(0.8	%)
Total	(438,434	)	(464,717	)	26,283		5.7	%



 



(1)	Our Q1 2015 subscriber base included a beginning of period adjustment to reduce the number of subscribers by 4,409 for deactivations as a result of the CRTC’s decision to eliminate the 30-day notice period required to cancel services.
(2)	Subsequent to a review of our subscriber metrics, our Q1 2015 beginning of period subscriber base was increased by 657 subscribers. This adjustment primarily consisted of older balances.





NAS net losses
 improved 5.7%, or by 26,283 lines, in 2015 compared to 2014, reflecting fewer residential NAS losses, offset in part by higher business access line losses.




Residential NAS net losses
 were 9.0%, or 27,605 lines, fewer in 2015 than in 2014. The year-over-year improvement reflected the favourable pull-through impact of IPTV activations and greater NAS customer retention through the acquisition of a greater number of multi-product households. The reduction in residential NAS net losses was partly offset by more aggressive promotions and service bundle discounts offered by the cable TV operators, as well as from ongoing wireless and Internet-based technology substitution for local services.




Business NAS net losses
 increased 0.8%, or by 1,322 lines, in 2015 compared to 2014, as a result of higher large business market and wholesale customer deactivations and the ongoing conversion of voice lines to wireless and IP-based services. Additionally, the relatively low level of new business formation and employment growth in the economy has resulted in continued soft demand for new access line installations. This was moderated by reduced customer losses in our small and mid-business markets.




The annualized rate of NAS erosion
 in our customer base was essentially stable in 2015 at 6.2%, compared to rate of decline of 6.1% in 2014. At December 31, 2015, we had 6,688,666 NAS lines, compared to 7,130,852 at the end of 2014.




Competitive landscape and industry trends







COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE




The financial performance of the overall Canadian wireline telecommunications market in recent years has been impacted by continued declines in legacy voice service revenues resulting from technological substitution to wireless and OTT services, as well as by ongoing conversion to IP-based data services and networks by large business customers. Aggressive competition from cable companies also continues to erode traditional telephone providers’ market share of residential local telephony. Canada’s four largest cable companies had over 4.1 million telephony subscribers at the end of 2015, representing a national residential market share of 44%, unchanged from 2014.




Competition for residential local and long distance services comes primarily from substitution to wireless services, including our own Bell Mobility and Virgin Mobile offerings. Approximately 29% of households in Ontario and Québec are estimated to be wireless only.




In 2015, cable companies continued to increase the speeds of their Internet offerings while promoting aggressive customer acquisition offers. At the end of the year, the four largest cable companies had 6.3 million Internet subscribers, representing 55% of the total Internet market based on publicly reported data, while incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) held the remaining 45% or 5.2 million subscribers. Although the residential Internet market is maturing, with approximately 87% penetration across Canada, subscriber growth is expected to continue over the next several years.




ILECs offering IPTV service grew their subscriber bases by 17% in 2015 to 2.3 million customers, driven by expanded network coverage, enhanced service offerings, and marketing and promotions focused on IPTV. This growth came at the expense of Canada’s four largest cable companies, which saw their collective TV market share in 2015 decline two percentage points to 57%.



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 69
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A	




 




Competitors




Cable TV
	providers offering cable TV, Internet and cable telephony services,
	including:


Rogers in Ontario, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador


Vidéotron in Québec


Cogeco Cable Inc. (a subsidiary of Cogeco Inc.) (Cogeco) in Ontario and
		Québec


Shaw
		in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Ontario


Shaw
		Direct, providing DTH Satellite TV service nationwide




EastLink in every province except Saskatchewan, where it does not
		provide cable TV and Internet service






ILECs
	TELUS and MTS provide local, long distance and IPTV services in various
	regions.


TELUS
	and Allstream provide wholesale products and services across Canada.


Various
	others (such as TekSavvy Solutions, Distributel, VMedia, and Vonage Canada
	(a division of Vonage Holdings Corp.) (Vonage)) offer resale or VoIP-based
	local, long distance and Internet services.


OTT
	voice and video services such as Skype, Netflix and Shomi.


Digital
	media streaming devices such as Apple TV, Roku and Google Chromecast.


Business
	voice and data services:


Other
	Canadian ILECs and cable TV operators




Substitution
to wireless services, including those offered by Bell.


Business
service solutions:






Systems
	integrators such as CGI Group Inc., EDS (a division of HP Enterprise
	Services) and IBM





	Outsourcers and professional service firms






Wholesale competitors include cable operators, domestic CLECs, U.S. or other
international carriers for certain services, and electrical utility-based
telecommunications providers.










INDUSTRY TRENDS






INVESTMENT IN BROADBAND FIBRE DEPLOYMENT




The Canadian ILECs have made substantial investments in deploying broadband fibre within their territories. These investments have enabled the delivery of IPTV and high-speed Internet service in order to better compete with cable TV offerings in urban areas. IPTV is considered a superior video product to traditional cable TV, given innovative features such as a next-generation user interface, wireless receivers, Restart, which enables customers to rewind and watch TV shows already in progress from the beginning, and Trending (available on Fibe TV), which highlights in real time the five most-watched shows in the country and lets you switch to watch them live or Restart from the beginning. FTTN enables speeds of up to 25 Mbps, which can be doubled to 50 Mbps with pair bonding, while FTTP delivers broadband speeds of up to 940 Mbps (higher than any other technology), and is expected to rise to a full 1 Gbps or faster in 2016 as equipment evolves to support these speeds. Going forward, ILECs are expected to maintain high levels of capital spending, primarily for the ongoing expansion of their broadband fibre networks, with an increasing emphasis on upgrading current FTTN networks to FTTP. Fibre architecture has significant structural and operating cost advantages over cable, enabling the ILECs, such as Bell, to achieve significantly higher speeds more quickly.




ALTERNATIVE TV AND OTT SERVICES




The growing popularity of watching TV anywhere is expected to continue as customers adopt services that enable them to view content on multiple screens, including computers, smartphones and tablets, as well as on their TVs. OTT content providers are competing for share of viewership. To date, these OTT services have largely complemented existing TV services. However, to mitigate the threat of video substitution, TV and Internet service providers have launched customer-authenticated on-demand streaming services that provide programming content over mobile and Wi-Fi networks to smartphones, tablets and computers. Additionally, sports and live event programming are important differentiators for traditional TV providers as they face increasing competition from OTT content providers. As OTT offers become more compelling and consumers demand greater flexibility in choosing the content most relevant to them, the disconnection of and reduction in spending for traditional TV continues to rise. While this trend is increasing, it is anticipated that growth in Internet subscriptions and Internet-only households, as well as the introduction of direct-to-consumer on-demand streaming services by the incumbent wireline telecom and cable companies, will help to offset the decline in TV as OTT video increases the value of broadband Internet.




UNBUNDLING OF TV SERVICES




As a result of new TV “pick and pay” rules to be implemented in 2016, TV distributors’ revenues are expected to come under pressure as households reduce their TV spending by choosing to subscribe to fewer TV channels and/or smaller TV packages, particularly as the number and breadth of OTT services that substitute for traditional linear TV programming grows. Similarly, lower revenue growth is expected for the TV broadcasting industry as a result of TV channel unbundling, due to lower anticipated channel penetration as well as the loss of ratings and advertising dollars from fewer channels.




WIRELESS SUBSTITUTION




Wireless substitution is the most significant driver of residential NAS losses and voice revenue declines for telecommunication companies. Wireless-only households were estimated to represent approximately 29% of households in Ontario and Québec at the end of 2015, compared to approximately 25% at the end of 2014. To mitigate the impact of wireless substitution, wireline service providers have



 



70 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A




 




been packaging voice services with Internet and TV and offering discounted triple-play bundles. Wireless substitution is expected to continue to steadily increase in 2016.




ADOPTION OF IP-BASED SERVICES




The convergence of IT and telecommunications, facilitated by the ubiquity of IP, continues to shape competitive investments for business customers. Telecommunications companies are providing professional and managed services, as well as other IT services and support, while IT service providers are bundling network connectivity with their




software as service offerings. In addition, manufacturers continue to bring all-IP and converged (IP plus legacy) equipment to market, enabling ongoing migration to IP-based solutions. The development of IP-based platforms, which provide combined IP voice, data and video solutions, creates potential cost efficiencies that compensate, in part, for reduced margins resulting from the continuing shift from legacy to IP-based services. The evolution of IT has created significant opportunities for our Business Markets unit, such as cloud services and data hosting, that can have a greater business impact than traditional telecommunications services.




Business outlook and assumptions







2016 OUTLOOK




We expect positive full-year adjusted EBITDA growth for our Bell Wireline segment in 2016. This is predicated on delivering positive residential net activations, as we leverage our IPTV footprint to drive greater multi-product household penetration, higher broadband and TV market share, as well as fewer residential NAS customer losses attributable to targeted retention and service bundle offers as well as a continued high pull-through rate from IPTV services.




TV subscriber growth is expected to be driven by continued strong customer adoption of IPTV as we increase penetration of existing IPTV-enabled neighbourhoods, further extend our IPTV broadband fibre footprint, and drive ongoing innovation in IPTV services. We also intend to seek greater penetration within the multiple-dwelling units (MDU) market, capitalize on our extensive retail distribution network, and leverage our market leadership position in HD and 4K programming and on-demand streaming services to drive incremental subscriber growth and higher revenue per household.




Internet subscriber acquisition is expected to improve in 2016 through increased FTTP coverage as we leverage the speed and reliability of our broadband Internet network to drive greater IPTV expansion and Internet attach rates. This is expected to have an associated positive impact on ARPU growth and customer churn.




Residential wireline revenues in 2016 are also anticipated to benefit from price increases, which followed similar pricing actions by our cable competitors, a higher penetration of multi-product households, and the positive impact of product enhancements to our IPTV service. Additionally, in late 2015, the sales and marketing functions for small business services were transferred from our Business Markets unit to our Residential Services group. Given the many similarities in product and service offerings for small business and residential customers, this organizational restructuring enables us to better leverage our residential wireline scale in sales and marketing, pricing and product development.




In our Bell Business Markets unit, the ongoing economy-related and competitive market challenges, together with continued customer migration to IP-based systems, will likely continue to negatively impact overall business markets results in 2016. We intend on seeking to minimize the overall revenue decline from legacy services by leveraging our market position to develop unique services and value enhancements. We intend to use marketing initiatives to slow NAS erosion, while investing in new solutions in key portfolios such as Internet and private networks, data centre and cloud services, unified communications, and security services. We will continue to deliver network-centric managed and professional services solutions to large business and public sector clients that increase the value of connectivity services. We expect to experience continued competitive intensity in our mid-sized business segment as cable operators and other telecom competitors continue to intensify their focus on the business segment. We also intend to introduce service offerings that help drive innovative solutions and value for our mid-sized customers by leveraging Bell’s network assets, broadband fibre expansion and service capabilities to expand our relationships with them. We will maintain a focus on overall profitability by seeking to increase revenue per customer and customer retention, as well as through improving our processes to achieve further operating efficiencies and productivity gains.




Operating cost reduction will continue to be a key focus for our Bell Wireline segment, helping to offset costs related to growth in IPTV subscribers, Internet subscribers, IP broadband services and hosted IP voice subscribers, the ongoing erosion of high-margin wireline voice revenues and other legacy revenues, as well as competitive repricing pressures in our business and wholesale markets. This, combined with further service-level improvements and operating synergies from the integration of Bell Aliant, is expected to support our objective of maintaining our consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin stable year over year.




We also aim to continue investing significantly in broadband infrastructure and fibre expansion and upgrades to support our IPTV and residential Internet services, as well as new business solutions in key portfolios such as Internet and private networks, data centre and cloud services, unified communications and security services. We intend to pursue pricing methods that will assist us in covering the capital costs of upgrading our networks, providing new services and expanding capacity to meet growing data consumption.




ASSUMPTIONS






Positive full-year adjusted EBITDA growth






Positive full-year residential net customer additions within
 
our wireline footprint, driven by continued IPTV growth and
 
an expanded FTTP network that support the pull-through of
 
fibre-based Internet service and residential NAS, resulting in
 
higher penetration of multi-product households




Increasing wireless and Internet-based technological substitution






Residential services household ARPU growth from increased
 
penetration of multi-product households, promotion expiries and
 
price increases




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 71
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A	



 




Aggressive residential service bundle offers from cable TV


competitors in our local wireline areas


Continued large business customer migration to


IP-based systems


Ongoing competitive repricing pressures in our business and


wholesale markets


Continued competitive intensity in our small and mid-sized


business units as cable operators and other telecom competitors


continue to intensify their focus on business customers


Growing consumption of OTT TV services and on-demand


streaming video, projected growth in TV Everywhere services,


as well as the proliferation of devices, such as tablets, that


consume vast quantities of bandwidth, will require considerable


ongoing capital investment


Limited downsizing of current TV packages by customers


as a result of the implementation of TV unbundling


Realization of cost savings related to management workforce


attrition and retirements, lower contracted rates from our


suppliers and reduction of traffic that is not on our network


No material financial, operational or competitive consequences


of changes in regulations affecting our wireline business






Key growth driver





Increasing IPTV penetration of households


Higher market share of industry TV and Internet subscribers


Greater penetration of multi-product households


Increased business customer spending on connectivity services


and managed and professional services solutions, as well as


greater new business formation as the economy strengthens


and employment rates improve


Expansion of our business customer relationships to drive higher


revenue per customer


Ongoing service innovation and product value enhancements


Improved customer retention






Principal business risks







This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Wireline segment. For a detailed description of the principal risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, 
Business risks
.



AGGRESSIVE COMPETITION RISK The intensity of
			competitive activity from incumbent operators, cable companies,
			non-traditional players and wholesalers POTENTIAL IMPACT Higher churn,
			increased retention expenses and use of promotional competitive
			offers to keep customers, all of which would put pressure on Bell 
			Wireline’s adjusted EBITDA		REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT RISK The Governor in Council does not vary the CRTC’s decision mandating that a new disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service must also be made available on FTTP facilities Market response to the introduction of the mandated “à la carte” TV subscription model POTENTIAL IMPACT The maintenance of the CRTC’s decision mandating that a new disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service must also be made available on FTTP facilities could improve the business position of our competitors and change our investment strategy, especially in relation to investment in next-generation wireline networks in smaller communities and rural areas À la carte services may change customer buying practices leading to reduced subscribers, lower revenues and higher fixed costs adversely impacting our business and financial results		TV SUBSCRIBERS PENETRATION RISK The traditional TV viewing model (i.e., subscription for bundled channels) is challenged by an increasing number of viewing options available in the market offered by traditional, non-traditional and global players, as well as a developing trend of disconnecting TV services or reducing TV spending POTENTIAL IMPACT Our market penetration and number of TV subscribers could decline as a result of BDUs offerings and an increasing number of domestic and global unregulated OTT providers BDUs may offer smaller and/or less expensive package options to attract subscribers The proliferation of IP-based products, including OTT content offerings, may accelerate the disconnection of TV services or the reduction of TV spending



 



72 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A




 




5.3 Bell Media




 



Bell Media delivered higher revenue in 2015, driven by strong TV ratings and the launch of CraveTV, while adjusted EBITDA declined, as expected, due to the increased cost of sports broadcast rights and content investments in TV and on-demand programming to drive future growth.





Key elements of relevant strategic imperatives




EXPAND
		MEDIA LEADERSHIP






2015 PROGRESS








Concluded a comprehensive, long-term agreement with HBO
 
giving Bell Media the ability to deliver all current-season, past-season and library HBO programming in Canada exclusively
 
on our linear, on-demand and OTT platforms. Bell Media
 
and HBO will also partner to co-produce original Canadian
 
programming for their platforms and for distribution worldwide.






Announced the expansion of TMN into a national pay TV
 
service in 2016 as Bell Media becomes the sole operator of
 
HBO Canada after Corus winds down operations of its Movie
 
Central and Encore Avenue pay TV services in Western and
 
Northern Canada






Concluded a long-term content licensing and trademark
 
agreement to bring the SHOWTIME brand to Canada for the
 
first time with past, present and future SHOWTIME-owned
 
programming being made available across all platforms
 
in English and French, including CraveTV and TMN






Extended our broadcast agreement with the CFL by three
 
years through to the end of the 2021 season. TSN and RDS hold
 
exclusive television rights for CFL football, including pre-season,
 
regular season, playoff and Grey Cup games. In addition
 
to broadcast and digital rights, the deal features exclusive
 
Grey Cup radio rights for Bell Media stations.






Extended a long-term media rights agreement for French Open
 
tennis through to 2024, ensuring TSN and RDS will continue to
 
deliver exclusive coverage of all four Grand Slam tennis events




2016 FOCUS







			Maintain strong audience levels and ratings across all TV and radio
			properties





			Reinforce industry leadership in conventional TV, pay TV, sports
			media and radio





				In January 2016, we announced an exclusive
				partnership with iHeartRadio to bring its digital and streaming
				music services to Canada in 2016





				Also in January 2016, TSN became the first
				broadcaster to produce a live 4K Ultra HD broadcast in North
				America with the Toronto Raptors vs. Boston Celtics basketball
				game on January 20, 2016









			Grow viewership and scale of CraveTV on-demand TV streaming service





				In January 2016, we launched CraveTV direct
				to consumers as a standalone product available to all Canadians
				with an Internet subscription









			Expand TMN into a national pay TV service




Expand live and on-demand content through our TV Everywhere services




 




ACHIEVE A COMPETITIVE
		COST STRUCTURE




2015 PROGRESS




Restructured Bell Media’s organization to grow the team’s competitiveness in the fast-changing media landscape






2016 FOCUS




Execute on labour savings from workforce reductions at Bell Media





 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 73
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A	




 




Financial performance analysis





2015 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS












BELL MEDIA RESULTS




REVENUES



	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Total external revenues	2,635		2,642		(7	)	(0.3	%)
Inter-segment revenues	339		295		44		14.9	%
Total Bell Media revenues	2,974		2,937		37		1.3	%



 
Bell Media revenues
 grew 1.3%
		in 2015 compared to last year, due to higher advertising and subscriber
		revenues.




Advertising revenues increased

in 2015, reflecting:








Growth in conventional TV advertising revenues, which
 

benefitted from the strong performance of Bell Media’s
 

primetime line-up, the federal election, and the live broadcast of
 

certain programs, notably the Academy Awards, the Super Bowl
 

and the Emmy Awards. Additionally, Bell Media recaptured
 

advertising dollars following the shift last year to the principal
 

broadcaster of the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympic Games.






Higher OOH revenues attributable to new contract wins
 

in 2015 along with strategic acquisitions in 2014




This was partly offset by:






Decreased specialty TV advertising revenues, due mainly
 

to the loss of the broadcast of NHL playoff hockey, which was
 

moderated by continued growth in audience levels from our
 

English non-sports specialty services at Space and Discovery TV






Lower radio advertising revenues, reflecting general
 

market softness






Subscriber revenues
 increased
in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to growth from CraveTV, our streaming
service launched in December 2014, and from our TV Everywhere services. This was
partly offset by the discontinuance of Viewers Choice, which ceased operations
in the third quarter of 2014, as well as a reduction in pay TV service
subscribers.


 



74 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A





OPERATING COSTS AND ADJUSTED EBITDA



	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Operating costs	(2,251	)	(2,203	)	(48	)	(2.2	%)
Adjusted EBITDA	723		734		(11	)	(1.5	%)
Adjusted EBITDA margin	24.3	%	25.0	%			(0.7	%)



 


 


Bell Media operating costs
 increased by 2.2%, or $48 million, in 2015, due to escalating programming and content costs related to CraveTV and sports broadcasting rights, and greater spending on Canadian programming. The expiry of certain CRTC benefits, including the completion of the LPIF, also contributed to the year-over-year increase in operating costs. This was moderated by lower costs due to the loss of broadcast rights for the NHL playoffs, lower amortization of the fair value of certain programming rights, reduced costs from the discontinuance of Viewer’s Choice and disciplined management of other operating costs.


Bell Media adjusted EBITDA
 declined by 1.5% in 2015, compared to last year, driven by increasing content and programming costs, moderated by higher year-over-year operating revenues and lower amortization of the fair value of certain programming rights.




BELL MEDIA OPERATING METRICS




Maintained CTV’s #1 ranking as the most-watched


network in Canada for the 14th year in a row, and continued


to lead with a majority of the Top 20 programs nationally


in all key demographics


Bell Media’s specialty and pay TV properties reached 83% of all


Canadian English specialty and pay TV viewers on an average


weekly basis in 2015. Discovery channel reclaimed the top


entertainment specialty position in full day audience levels,


among the key viewers aged 25 to 54.


In Québec, Bell Media maintained its leadership position in the


French Specialty market, reaching 82% of French TV viewers


in the average week. Four of the top five specialty channels


among the key viewers aged 25 to 54 were Bell Media properties


(Canal D, RDS, Super Écran and Canal Vie).


Bell Media continued to rank first in digital media among


Canadian broadcast and video network competitors, and


seventh among online properties in the country, with 17 million


unique visitors per month, reaching 57% of the digital audience


Bell Media remained Canada’s top radio broadcaster, reaching


16.9 million listeners who spent 81 million hours tuned in each


week during 2015


Astral OOH maintained its leadership in Québec and Ontario


and pursued its growth across Canada with the latest contract


wins of the Vancouver International Airport, the Halifax


Stanfield International Airport, the Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier


International Airport as well as the Réseau de transport


de la Capitale for the transit shelters and bus advertising space


in Québec city






Competitive landscape and industry trends



COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE




The Canadian media industry is highly competitive, with competitors having significant scale and financial resources. In recent years, there has been increased consolidation of traditional media assets across the Canadian media landscape. The majority of players have become more vertically integrated to better enable the acquisition and monetization of premium content.




Bell Media competes in the TV, radio and OOH advertising markets:




TV:
 The TV market has become increasingly fragmented and this


trend is expected to continue as new services and technologies


increase the diversity of information and entertainment outlets


available to consumers


Radio:
 Competition within the radio broadcasting industry


occurs primarily in discrete local market areas among


individual stations


OOH:
 The Canadian OOH advertising industry is fragmented,


consisting of a few large companies as well as numerous smaller


and local companies operating in a few local markets






Consumers have also been shifting their media consumption towards digital media, mobile devices and on-demand content. This has caused new business models to emerge and advertisers to shift portions of their spending to digital platforms.


 


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 75
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A	





Competitors




TV








Conventional Canadian TV stations (local and distant signals) and specialty and pay
 
channels, such as those owned by Shaw
(1)
, Corus, Rogers, Québecor Media Inc. (Québecor),
 
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)/Société Radio-Canada (SRC) and Groupe V




U.S. conventional TV stations and specialty channels




OTT streaming providers such as Netflix




Video-sharing websites such as YouTube






RADIO








Large radio operators, such as Rogers, Corus, Cogeco and Newcap Inc. (Newcap)
 
that also own and operate radio station clusters in various local markets




Radio stations in specific local markets




Satellite radio provider SiriusXM




Music streaming services such as Spotify and Apple Music




Music downloading services such as Apple’s iTunes Store






Other media such as newspapers, local weeklies, TV, magazines,
 
outdoor advertising and the Internet






OOH ADVERTISING








Large outdoor advertisers, such as Jim Pattison Broadcast Group (Pattison), Outfront
 
Media, Cieslok Media (Cieslok), Québecor, Dynamic and Clear Channel Outdoor






Numerous smaller and local companies operating a limited number of display faces
 
in a few local markets




Other media such as TV, radio, print media and the Internet






INDUSTRY TRENDS




TECHNOLOGY AND CONSUMER HABITS TRANSFORMING THE WAY TV IS DELIVERED




Technology used in the media industry continues to evolve rapidly, which has led to alternative methods for the distribution, storage and consumption of content. These technological developments have driven and reinforced changes in consumer behaviour as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content. For example, consumer electronics innovations have enabled consumers to view content on TVs, computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile electronic devices. The number of Canadian users who are connected to the Internet through their TVs is growing as connection becomes easier and more affordable. Changes in technology and consumer behaviour have resulted in a number of challenges for content aggregators and distributors. The technological developments may disrupt traditional distribution platforms by enabling content owners to provide content directly to distributors and consumers, thus bypassing traditional content aggregators.




GROWTH OF ALTERNATIVES TO TRADITIONAL LINEAR TV




Consumers now have improved access to online entertainment and information alternatives that did not exist a few years ago. While traditional linear TV was the only way to access primetime programming in the past, many consumers now watch TV in non-traditional ways for at least a portion of their viewing. In particular, today’s viewers are consuming more content online, watching less scheduled programming live, time-shifting original broadcasts through PVRs, viewing more TV on mobile devices, and catching up
on past programming on-demand. In addition, many consumers are spending considerable time viewing online alternatives to traditional TV. This is evident in the growing number and popularity of OTT video services like Netflix. To date, these OTT services have largely complemented existing TV services. Media companies are evolving their content and launching their own solutions to better compete with these non-traditional offerings through services such as Bell Media’s CraveTV on-demand TV streaming service and authenticated TV Everywhere services such as CTV GO, TSN GO, RDS GO, Discovery GO and TMN GO.


ESCALATING CONTENT COSTS AND SHIFTS IN ADVERTISING




Viewership and usage trends suggest that online and mobile Internet video consumption is increasing rapidly. Changing content consumption patterns and growth of alternative content providers could exert downward pressure on rates and advertising revenues for traditional media broadcasters. However, live sports and special events should continue to draw audiences and advertisers, which is expected to result in pricing pressure on future broadcasting rights. Growing interest in 4K content could also drive additional programming acquisition and production costs. Additionally, while access to premium content has become increasingly important to media companies in attracting viewers and advertisers, there is now increased competition for these rights. This has resulted in higher TV program rights costs, which is a trend that is expected to continue into the future.


 



(1)	On January 13, 2016, Corus announced its proposed acquisition of Shaw Media Inc.
(2)	Broadcast year-end at August 31, 2015, 2+ age category, Fall 2015 for radio



 



76 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A



 


 




Business outlook and assumptions





2016 OUTLOOK




Bell Media’s financial results in 2016 are expected to be positively impacted by growth of CraveTV, the national expansion of our English-language pay TV service (TMN), and labour savings from workforce reductions undertaken in 2015. These factors are anticipated to more than offset higher content costs to secure TV programming, continued CraveTV investment and the financial impact of TV unbundling. CraveTV growth is projected to accelerate with the direct-to-consumer launch in January 2016 and increased customer penetration from partnering with licensed BDUs. We will also continue to carefully manage costs by leveraging assets, achieving productivity gains and pursuing operational efficiencies across all of our media properties, while continuing to invest in premium content for all four screens.




While the advertising market is expected to remain relatively stable in 2016, we anticipate that the strength of our programming, which includes the 2016 UEFA European Championship, and the benefit from numerous contract wins in 2015 and our recent Métromédia acquisition in our Astral OOH business, will offset some advertising pressure from an expected shift in spending to the main broadcaster of the Rio 2016 Summer Olympic Games. Subscriber fee revenues are projected to increase, driven by CraveTV subscriber growth and the national expansion of TMN, which should help offset potential declines in specialty TV as the industry transitions to new rules governing the packaging of channels to consumers.




In conventional TV, we intend to leverage the strength of our market position to continue offering advertisers, both nationally and locally, premium opportunities to reach their target audiences. Success in this area requires that we focus on a number of factors, including:








Successfully acquiring highly-rated programming
 
and differentiated content






Building and maintaining strategic supply arrangements
 
for content on four screens






Producing and commissioning high-quality Canadian content,
 
including market-leading news






Our sports specialty TV offerings are expected to continue to deliver premium content and exceptional viewing experiences to our viewers. Investment in 4K content, combined with the integration of our digital platforms, are integral parts of our strategy to enhance viewership and engagement. Contractual price increases for strategic sports properties, along with planned new investments in other sports and events, are the principal factors driving continued increases in sports rights costs. We will also continue to focus on creating innovative high-quality productions in the areas of sports news and editorial coverage.


In non-sports specialty TV, audiences and advertising revenues are expected to be driven by investment in quality programming and production. As part of our objective to drive revenue growth, we intend to capitalize on our leading position in key specialty services to improve both channel strength and channel selection.


In pay TV, we will continue to leverage our investments in premium content (including HBO and SHOWTIME) in order to attract subscribers. In addition, we will focus on driving growth and increased scale with our planned national expansion of TMN.




In our French-language pay and specialty services, we will optimize the CRTC tangible benefits in order to maximize quality content on screen and deploy such content on authenticated multi platforms.




In radio, we intend to leverage the strength of our market position to continue offering advertisers, both nationally and locally, premium opportunities to reach their target audiences. We also plan to focus on launching our iHeartRadio digital service in Canada that will showcase content from our 106 licensed radio stations in 54 markets across the country. Additionally, in conjunction with our local TV properties, we will continue to pursue opportunities that leverage our promotional capabilities, provide an expanded platform for content sharing, and offer synergistic co-location and efficiencies.




In our OOH operations, we plan to leverage the strength of our products and recent contract wins to provide advertisers with premium opportunities in key Canadian markets. We will also continue to seek new opportunities in digital markets, including integrating and leveraging our recent Métromédia acquisition.




ASSUMPTIONS








Positive full-year adjusted EBITDA growth and margin improvement, driven by CraveTV growth, national expansion of our TMN
 
pay TV service, and labour savings from workforce reductions
 
in 2015, more than offsetting higher TV programming and sports
 
rights costs, continued CraveTV investment and the financial
 
impact of TV unbundling






Continued scaling of CraveTV, including a successful
 
direct-to-consumer launch






Ability to successfully acquire highly rated programming
 
and differentiated content






Building and maintaining strategic supply arrangements
 
for content on all four screens






TV unbundling and growth in OTT viewing expected to result
 
in moderately lower subscriber levels for many Bell Media
 
TV properties






No material financial, operational or competitive consequences
 
of changes in regulations affecting our media business




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 77
5	BUSINESS SEGMENT ANALYSIS BELL WIRELINE	MD&A	



 




Key growth driver





Stronger economic growth that drives increased advertiser demand and spending, particularly in the key automotive, entertainment equipment, telecommunications and consumer goods sectors


Higher audience levels from strong ratings maintained


across all TV and radio properties, as well as from securing


multi-platform rights


Investing in the best content, including more


in-house productions






Principal business risks







This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Media segment. For a detailed description of the principal risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, 
Business risks
.



AGGRESSIVE COMPETITION AND REGULATORY CHANGES RISK The intensity of competitive activity from traditional TV services, as well as from new technologies and alternative distribution platforms such as unregulated OTT content offerings, video on demand, personal video platforms and video services over mobile devices and the Internet, in combination with regulations that require all BDUs to make TV services available à la carte POTENTIAL IMPACT Adverse impact on the level of audience acceptance for Bell Media’s TV services and on Bell Media’s revenue streams		ADVERTISING
		REVENUE UNCERTAINTY RISK Advertising is heavily dependent on economic conditions and viewership as well as our ability to grow alternative advertising media such as digital and OOH platforms in the context of an increased fragmentation of the advertising market POTENTIAL IMPACT Economic uncertainty reduces advertisers’ spending Loss of advertising revenue as a result of the failure to capture our share of the increasingly fragmented advertising market		RISING CONTENT COSTS AND ABILITY TO SECURE KEY CONTENT RISK Rising content costs, as an increasing number of domestic and global competitors compete for the same content, and the ability to secure key content to drive revenues and subscriber growth POTENTIAL IMPACT Rising programming costs could require us to incur unplanned expenses which could result in negative pressure on adjusted EBITDA Our inability to acquire popular programming content could adversely affect Bell Media’s viewership and subscription levels and, consequently, advertising and subscription revenues




 



78 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	6	FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
		MANAGEMENT	MD&A




 




6
 Financial and capital management




This section tells you how we manage our cash and capital resources to carry out our strategy and deliver financial results. It provides an analysis of our financial condition, cash flows and liquidity on a consolidated basis.




6.1 Net debt
 
(1)



	DECEMBER 31, 2015		DECEMBER 31, 2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Debt due within one year	4,895		3,743		1,152		30.8	%
Long-term debt	15,390		16,355		(965	)	(5.9	%)
Preferred shares (2)	2,002		2,002		–		–	
Cash and cash equivalents	(613	)	(566	)	(47	)	(8.3	%)
Net debt	21,674		21,534		140		0.7	%



 



(1)	Net debt is a non-GAAP financial measure and does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. See section 10.2, Non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) – Net debt in this MD&A for more details.
(2)	50% of outstanding preferred shares of $4,004
		million in both 2015 and 2014 are classified as debt as it is consistent
		with the treatment by some credit rating agencies.




 


The increase of $187 million in debt due within one year and long-term debt was due to:


The issuances of MTN debentures at Bell Canada with a total principal amount of $1.5 billion
			
•


A net increase of $111 million in our finance lease obligations and other debt


An increase in our notes payable (net of repayments) of $76 million
			




Partly offset by:




The repayment of MTN debentures at Bell Canada with a total principal amount of $1 billion
			


The partial repayment of approximately $500 million of the borrowings under our unsecured committed term credit facility that was used to partially fund the acquisition of Astral






The increase in cash and cash equivalents of $47 million was due to:






$2,999 million of free cash flow






$952 million issuances of common shares primarily from
 
15.1 million shares issued under a public bought deal offering






The disposition of 50% of our ownership interest in Glentel to Rogers for a total cash consideration of approximately $473 million ($407 million, net of divested cash and transaction costs)






Partly offset by:






$2,319 million of dividends paid on common and preferred shares




$535 million for the acquisition of wireless spectrum licences




$510 million of debt repayments (net of issuances)






$296 million ($284 million, net of cash on hand) cash
 
consideration paid for the acquisition of Glentel






$292 million of acquisition and other costs paid mainly as a result
 
of the payment in full satisfaction of the judgment rendered in
 
a litigation claim for Satellite TV signal piracy and severance and
 
integration costs relating to the privatization of Bell Aliant




$250 million voluntary DB pension plan contribution






$138 million for the purchase on the open market of shares for
 
the settlement of share-based payments




 




6.2 Outstanding share data




 



COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING	NUMBER OF SHARES	
Outstanding, January 1, 2015	840,330,353	
Shares issued under bought deal offering	15,111,000	
Shares issued for the acquisition of Glentel	5,548,908	
Shares issued under employee stock option plan	2,289,677	
Shares issued under ESP	2,334,250	
Outstanding, December 31, 2015	865,614,188	



 



			WEIGHTED AVERAGE	
STOCK OPTIONS OUTSTANDING	NUMBER OF OPTIONS		EXERCISE PRICE ($)	
Outstanding, January 1, 2015	9,278,190		$43	
Granted	2,835,667		$56	
Exercised (1)	(2,289,677	)	$39	
Forfeited	(157,276	)	$49	
Outstanding, December 31, 2015	9,666,904		$48	
Exercisable, December 31, 2015	1,174,191		$38	



 



(1)	The weighted average share price for options exercised in 2015 was $56.





At March 3, 2016,
868,085,742 common shares and 11,204,584 stock options were outstanding.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 79
6	FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
		MANAGEMENT	MD&A	




 




6.3 Cash flows




 



	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Cash flows from operating activities	6,274		6,241		33		0.5	%
Bell Aliant dividends paid to BCE	–		95		(95	)	(100.0	%)
Capital expenditures	(3,626	)	(3,717	)	91		2.4	%
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares	(150	)	(134	)	(16	)	(11.9	%)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest	(41	)	(145	)	104		71.7	%
Acquisition and other costs paid	292		131		161		n.m.	
Voluntary defined benefit pension plan contribution	250		350		(100	)	(28.6	%)
Bell Aliant free cash flow	–		(77	)	77		100.0	%
Free cash flow	2,999		2,744		255		9.3	%
Bell Aliant free cash flow, excluding dividends paid	–		(18	)	18		100.0	%
Business acquisitions	(311	)	(18	)	(293	)	n.m.	
Acquisition and other costs paid	(292	)	(131	)	(161	)	n.m.	
Voluntary defined benefit pension plan contribution	(250	)	(350	)	100		28.6	%
Business dispositions	409		720		(311	)	(43.2	%)
Acquisition of spectrum licences	(535	)	(566	)	31		5.5	%
Other investing activities	(51	)	11		(62	)	n.m.	
Net (repayment) issuance of debt instruments	(510	)	784		(1,294	)	n.m.	
Privatization of Bell Aliant	–		(989	)	989		100.0	%
Issue of common shares	952		49		903		n.m.	
Common shares issuance cost	(35	)	–		(35	)	n.m.	
Repurchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments	(138	)	(83	)	(55	)	(66.3	%)
Cash dividends paid on common shares	(2,169	)	(1,893	)	(276	)	(14.6	%)
Other financing activities	(22	)	(29	)	7		24.1	%
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents	47		231		(184	)	(79.7	%)
Free cash flow per share (1)	$3.54		$3.46		$0.08		2.3	%



 



(1)	Free cash flow per share is a non-GAAP financial measure and does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. See section 10.2, Non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) – Free cash flow and free cash flow per share in this MD&A for more details.
n.m.: not meaningful




 




Cash flows from operating activities and free cash flow





In 2015, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased $33 million compared to 2014, as a result of higher adjusted EBITDA, lower voluntary DB pension plan contribution made in 2015 and lower income taxes paid in 2015, partly offset by lower cash from working capital, higher acquisition and other costs paid mainly due to the payment in full satisfaction of the judgment rendered in a litigation claim for Satellite TV signal piracy and severance and integration costs relating to the privatization of Bell Aliant.




Free cash flow available to BCE’s common shareholders increased $255 million in 2015, driven by the favourable impact of the privatization of Bell Aliant, lower capital expenditures and higher cash flows from operating activities.




Free cash flow per share in 2015 was $3.54 per common share, compared to $3.46 per common share in 2014.


 



80 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	6	FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
		MANAGEMENT	MD&A



 




Capital expenditures




 



	2015		2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Bell Wireless	716		687		(29	)	(4.2	%)
Capital intensity ratio	10.4	%	10.9	%			0.5	%
Bell Wireline	2,809		2,893		84		2.9	%
Capital intensity ratio	22.9	%	23.5	%			0.6	%
Bell Media	101		137		36		26.3	%
Capital intensity ratio	3.4	%	4.7	%			1.3	%
BCE	3,626		3,717		91		2.4	%
Capital intensity ratio	16.9	%	17.7	%			0.8	%





BCE capital expenditures
 declined by $91 million, or 2.4%, compared to 2014, due to reduced spending in our Bell Wireline and Bell Media segments, offset in part by higher capital spending in our Bell Wireless segment. Capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue (capital intensity ratio) was 16.9% in 2015, compared to 17.7% in 2014. This reflected:




Higher wireless capital spending of $29 million in 2015, primarily attributable to the continued expansion of our 4G LTE mobile network, which reached approximately 96% of the Canadian population at December 31, 2015, the rollout of our LTE-A network, and ongoing investments to increase network capacity in order to support greater data consumption and higher LTE speeds


Lower wireline capital expenditures of $84 million in 2015,


compared to the previous year, mainly driven by the substantial


completion of our FibreOP deployment in Atlantic Canada and


less new IPTV service footprint expansion in Québec and Ontario.


Our 2015 capital investments were focused on the continued


rollout of broadband fibre and the further expansion of our FTTP


footprint including the Gigabit Fibe infrastructure build-out in the


city of Toronto that was announced on June 25, 2015, and with


increased spending to support customer service improvement


initiatives and execution of business customer contracts.


Lower capital expenditures at Bell Media of $36 million in 2015,


as a result of greater capital spending in 2014 for increased


broadcasting capacity and new TV production equipment


related to the expansion of TSN from two to five national feeds






Voluntary DB pension plan contribution





In 2015, we made a voluntary contribution of $250 million, compared to a voluntary contribution of $350 million in 2014, to fund our post-employment benefit obligation. The voluntary contributions were funded from cash on hand at the end of 2015 and 2014 and will reduce the amount of BCE’s future pension funding obligations.




Business acquisitions





On May 20, 2015, BCE completed the acquisition of all of Glentel’s issued and outstanding common shares for a total consideration of $592 million, of which $296 million ($284 million net of cash on hand) was paid in cash and the balance through the issuance of 5,548,908 BCE common shares.




Additionally, Bell Media paid a deposit of $21 million to Corus in 2015 in connection with the national expansion of HBO Canada and TMN. Subsequent to year end, Bell Media completed the final payment of $190 million which will be recorded in our consolidated statements of cash flows in the first quarter of 2016. TMN was successfully launched nationally on March 1, 2016 and Movie Central and Encore Avenue’s operations ceased on the same day at which point the transaction was recorded in our consolidated statements of financial position.




Business dispositions





Business dispositions of $409 million in 2015 reflect BCE’s divestiture of 50% of its ownership interest in Glentel to Rogers for a total cash consideration of approximately $473 million ($407 million net of divested cash and transaction costs).




In 2014, we completed the sale of certain radio stations and TV services for total proceeds of $720 million.


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 81
6	FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
		MANAGEMENT	MD&A	



 




Acquisition of spectrum licences





On April 21, 2015, Bell Mobility acquired AWS-3 wireless spectrum in key urban and rural markets as part of Industry Canada’s AWS-3 spectrum auction. Bell Mobility acquired 13 licences for 169 million MHz-pop of AWS-3 spectrum for $500 million.




On May 12, 2015, Bell Mobility acquired an additional 243 million MHz-pop of 2500 MHz wireless spectrum for $29 million. This acquisition increased Bell Mobility’s 2500 MHz spectrum holdings in a number of urban and rural markets.




On April 2, 2014, Bell Mobility acquired 700 MHz spectrum licences in every province and territorial market, comprised of 31 licences for $566 million.




Debt instruments





We use a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations. Our short-term debt consists mostly of notes payable under commercial paper programs, loans securitized by trade receivables and bank facilities. We usually pay fixed rates of interest on our long-term debt and floating rates on our short-term debt. As at December 31, 2015, all of our debt was denominated in Canadian dollars with the exception of one of our credit facilities and a portion of our commercial paper, which are denominated in U.S. dollars, all of which have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through forward currency contracts.




2015




We repaid $510 million of debt, net of issuances. This included the repayment of approximately $500 million of our unsecured committed term credit facility, redemption of Series M-21 MTN debentures at Bell Canada with a principal amount of $1 billion, a $474 million repayment




of finance leases and other debt, and a $112 million repayment of Glentel’s outstanding debt. These repayments were partly offset by the issuance of Series M-39 and M-40 MTN debentures at Bell Canada with principal amounts of $500 million and $1 billion, respectively, and the issuance, net of repayments, of $76 million of notes payable.




2014




We issued $784 million of debt, net of repayments. This included the issuance of Series M-30 and Series M-31 MTN debentures at Bell Canada with a principal amount of $1.25 billion and MTNs at Bell Aliant with a principal amount of $150 million, as well as $469 million of notes payable, partly offset by repayments of finance leases and other debt of $435 million, $350 million of early debt redemption of MTNs at Bell Aliant and $300 million of CTV Specialty Television Inc. notes on February 18, 2014.




Privatization of Bell Aliant







In 2014, we paid $989 million in connection with the privatization of Bell Aliant, representing 25% of the consideration for the acquisition of the outstanding publicly held common shares of Bell Aliant that we did not already own. Refer to section 6.5, 
Privatization of Bell Aliant
, for details on the privatization.




Issue of common shares





In 2015, we issued 15,111,000 BCE common shares for $863 million under a public bought deal offering.




Cash dividends paid on common shares





In 2015, cash dividends paid on common shares increased by $276 million, compared to 2014, due to a higher number of outstanding common shares as a result of the issuance of shares in connection with the privatization of Bell Aliant and the purchase of our investment in Glentel, and a higher dividend paid in 2015 of $2.5675 per common share compared to $2.435 per common share in 2014.




6.4 Post-employment benefit plans





For the year ended December 31, 2015, we recorded a decrease in our post-employment benefit obligations and a gain, before taxes and non-controlling interest (NCI), in OCI of $590 million. This was due to a higher actual discount rate of 4.2% at December 31, 2015, compared to 4.0% at December 31, 2014, and a higher-than-expected return on plan assets.




For the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded an increase in our post-employment benefit obligations and a loss, before taxes and NCI, in OCI of $938 million. This was due to a lower actual discount rate of 4.0% at December 31, 2014, compared to 4.9% at December 31, 2013, partly offset by a higher-than-expected return on plan assets.


 



82 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	6	FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
		MANAGEMENT	MD&A



 




6.5 Privatization of Bell Aliant





On July 23, 2014, BCE announced its offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Bell Aliant that it did not already own for a total consideration of approximately $3.95 billion. BCE already controlled Bell Aliant which provided local telephone, long distance, Internet, data, TV, wireless, home security and value-added business solutions to residential and business customers in the Atlantic provinces and in rural and regional areas of Ontario and Québec. On the same day, BCE also announced its offer to exchange all of the issued and outstanding preferred shares of Bell Aliant Preferred Equity Inc. (Prefco) for newly issued First Preferred Shares of BCE, with the same financial terms as the existing Prefco preferred shares (Preferred Share Exchange).




The privatization was completed on October 31, 2014 and the Preferred Share Exchange was completed on November 1, 2014. The privatization has simplified BCE’s corporate structure and increased overall operating and capital investment efficiencies, while supporting BCE’s broadband investment strategy and dividend growth objective.




The privatization of Bell Aliant in 2014 was accounted for as an equity transaction which increased BCE’s deficit by $2,143 million, BCE’s common shares by $2,928 million and preferred shares by $609 million, and reduced NCI by $877 million and contributed surplus by $1,499 million.




6.6 Financial risk management







Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures and variability of results from various financial risks that include credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, equity price risk and longevity risk. These risks are further described in Note 2, 
Significant accounting policies
, Note 8, 
Other (expense) income
, Note 21, 
Post-employment benefit plans 
and Note 23, 
Financial and capital management 
in BCE’s 2015 consolidated financial statements.




The following table outlines our financial risks, how we manage these risks and their financial statement classification.



FINANCIAL RISK	DESCRIPTION OF RISK	MANAGEMENT OF RISK AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT CLASSIFICATION
Credit risk	We are exposed to credit risk from operating activities and certain financing activities, the maximum exposure of which is represented by the carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position. We are exposed to credit risk if counterparties to our trade receivables and derivative instruments are unable to meet their obligations.	Large and diverse customer base Deal with institutions with investment-grade credit ratings Regularly monitor our credit risk and exposure Our trade receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at December 31, 2015 were $2,969 million and $64 million, respectively
Liquidity risk	We are exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities.	Sufficient cash from operating activities, possible capital markets financing and committed bank facilities to fund our operations and fulfill our obligations as they become due Refer to section 6.8, Liquidity – Contractual obligations , for a maturity analysis of our recognized financial liabilities
Foreign currency risk	We are exposed to foreign currency risk related to anticipated transactions and certain foreign currency debt. Refer to the following Fair value section for details on our derivative financial instruments.	Foreign currency forward contracts
			and options on our purchase commitments and commercial paper
			maturing in 2016 to 2018 of $1.8 billion U.S. ($2.3 billion
			Canadian) at December 31, 2015, to manage foreign currency risk
			related to anticipated transactions and foreign currency debt For cash flow hedges, changes in
				the fair value are recognized in OCI, except for any ineffective
				portion, which is recognized immediately in earnings in Other
				(expense) income . Realized gains and losses in Accumulated
				OCI are reclassified to Operating costs in the income statements
				in the same periods as the corresponding hedged items are
				recognized in earnings For economic hedges, changes in
				the fair value are recognized in Other (expense) income Cross currency basis swaps on one of
			our credit facilities maturing in 2016 of $380 million U.S. ($508
			million Canadian) at December 31, 2015, to hedge foreign currency
			risk on a portion of our long-term debt due within one year Changes in the fair value and
				the related credit facility are recognized in Other (expense)
				income in the income statements and offset, unless a portion
				of the hedging relationship is ineffective



 


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 83
6	FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
		MANAGEMENT	MD&A	



 


 



FINANCIAL RISK	DESCRIPTION OF RISK	MANAGEMENT OF RISK AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT CLASSIFICATION
Interest rate risk	We are exposed to risk on the interest rates of our debt, our post-employment benefit plans and on dividend rate resets on our preferred shares. Refer to the following Fair value section for details on our derivative financial instruments.	Interest rate swaps
			maturing in 2017 with a notional amount of $700 million at December 
			31, 2015, to hedge interest rate risk on a portion of our long-term
			debt Changes in the
				fair value and the related long-term debt are recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements and offset,
				unless a portion of the hedging relationship is ineffective Interest rate locks
			maturing in 2025 with a notional amount of $500 million at December 
			31, 2015, to hedge the interest rates on future debt issuance Changes in the
				fair value are recognized in OCI, except for any ineffective
				portion, which is recognized immediately in earnings in Other
				(expense) income . Realized gains and losses in Accumulated
				OCI are reclassified to Interest expense in the income
				statements in the same periods as the interest expense on the
				debt is recognized in earnings Interest rate locks
			maturing in 2020 with a notional amount of $350 million at December 
			31, 2015, to hedge the interest rate risk on future preferred share
			rate resets Changes in fair
				value are recognized immediately in earnings in Other
				(expense) income For our
			post-employment benefit plans, the interest rate risk is managed
			using a liability matching approach which reduces the exposure of
			the DB pension plans to a mismatch between investment growth and
			obligation growth
Equity price risk	We are exposed to risk on our cash flow related to share-based payment plans. Refer to the following Fair value section for details on our derivative financial instruments.	Equity forward
			contracts with a fair value of $86 million at December 31, 2015, on
			BCE’s common shares to economically hedge the cash flow exposure
			related to share-based payment plans Changes in fair
				value are recorded in the income statement in Operating costs
				for derivatives used to hedge a cash-settled share based payment
				plan and Other (expense) income for derivatives used to
				hedge equity settled share-based payment plans
Longevity risk	We are exposed to life expectancy risk on our post-employment benefit plans.	The Bell Canada pension plan entered into an investment arrangement to hedge part of its exposure to potential increases in longevity which covers approximately $5 billion of post-employment benefit obligations




 




Fair value





Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.




Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the amount and timing of future cash flows and discount rates, all of which reflect varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that would be incurred on disposition of financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a result, the fair values are not the net amounts that would be realized if these instruments were settled.




The carrying values of our cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, severance and other costs payable, interest payable, dividends payable, notes payable and loans secured by trade receivables approximate fair value as they are short term.




The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of financial position.



			DECEMBER 31, 2015		DECEMBER 31, 2014
			CARRYING		FAIR		CARRYING		FAIR	
	CLASSIFICATION	FAIR VALUE METHODOLOGY	VALUE		VALUE		VALUE		VALUE	
CRTC tangible benefits obligation	Other current and non-current liabilities	Present value of estimated future cash flows discounted using observable market interest rates	227		234		285		289	
CRTC deferral account obligation	Other current and non-current liabilities	Present value of estimated future cash flows discounted using observable market interest rates	154		163		174		191	
Debentures, finance leases and other debt	Debt due within one year and long-term debt	Quoted market price of debt or present value of future cash flows discounted using observable market interest rates	17,688		19,764		17,723		20,059	



 


 



84 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	6	FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
		MANAGEMENT	MD&A



 




The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial position.



				FAIR VALUE AT DECEMBER 31
				QUOTED PRICES IN					
		CARRYING VALUE OF		ACTIVE MARKETS FOR		OBSERVABLE		NON-OBSERVABLE	
		ASSET (LIABILITY) AT		IDENTICAL ASSETS		MARKET DATA		MARKET INPUTS	
	CLASSIFICATION	DECEMBER 31		(LEVEL 1)		(LEVEL 2)	(1)	(LEVEL 3)	(2)
2015									
Available-for-sale (AFS) publicly-traded and privately-held investments (3)	Other non-current assets	128		16		–		112	
Derivative financial instruments	Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities, other non-current assets and liabilities	256		–		256		–	
MLSE financial liability (4)	Other non-current liabilities	(135	)	–		–		(135	)
Other	Other non-current assets and liabilities	30		–		56		(26	)




2014									
AFS publicly-traded and privately-held investments (3)	Other non-current assets	107		17		–		90	
Derivative financial instruments	Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities, other non-current assets and liabilities	276		–		276		–	
MLSE financial liability (4)	Other non-current liabilities	(135	)	–		–		(135	)
Other	Other non-current assets and liabilities	12		–		22		(10	)



 



(1)	Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2)	Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples. A reasonable change in our assumptions would not result in a significant increase (decrease) to our level 3 financial instruments.
(3)	Unrealized gains and losses on AFS financial assets are recorded in OCI and are reclassified to Other (expense) income in the income statements when realized or when an impairment is determined.
(4)	Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the BCE Master Trust Fund’s (Master Trust) 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed minimum price should the Master Trust exercise its put option.




 




6.7 Credit ratings





Credit ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay interest on debt or dividends on issued and outstanding preferred shares.




Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and debt capital markets as well as the bank credit market. Our ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available partly depends on the quality of our credit ratings at the time capital is raised. Investment-grade credit ratings usually mean that when we borrow money, we qualify for lower interest rates than companies that have ratings lower than investment-grade. A ratings downgrade could result in adverse consequences for our funding capacity or ability to access the capital markets.




The following table provides BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings, which are considered investment grade, as at March 3, 2016 from DBRS and Moody’s and S&P.




Key credit ratings




 



	BELL CANADA (1)
MARCH 3, 2016	DBRS		MOODY'S		S&P	
Commercial paper	R-1 (low)		P-2		A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)	
					A-2 (Global scale)	
Long-term debt	A (low)		Baa 1		BBB+	
Subordinated long-term debt	BBB		Baa 2		BBB	
						
	BCE (1)
	DBRS		MOODY'S		S&P	
Preferred shares	Pfd-3 (high)		–		P-2 (low) (Canadian scale)	
					BBB- (Global scale)	



 



(1)	Outlooks on all ratings are stable. These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to above, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating organization. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 85
6	FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
		MANAGEMENT	MD&A	



 




6.8 Liquidity







Sources of liquidity




Our cash and cash equivalents balance at the end of 2015 was $613 million. We expect that this balance, our 2016 estimated cash flows from operations, and possible capital markets financing, including commercial paper, will permit us to meet our cash requirements in 2016 for capital expenditures, post-employment benefit plans funding, dividend payments, the payment of contractual obligations, maturing debt, ongoing operations, and other cash requirements.




Should our 2016 cash requirements exceed our cash and cash equivalents balance, cash generated from our operations, and capital markets financing, we would expect to cover such a shortfall by drawing under committed revolving credit facilities that are currently in place or through new facilities, to the extent available.




Our cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents balance, capital markets financing and credit facilities should give us flexibility in carrying out our plans for future growth, including business acquisitions and contingencies.



	TOTAL				LETTERS OF		COMMERCIAL PAPER		NET	
DECEMBER 31, 2015	AVAILABLE		DRAWN		CREDIT		OUTSTANDING		AVAILABLE	
Committed credit facilities										
Unsecured revolving facility (1)(2)	3,000		–		–		1,659		1,341	
Unsecured committed term credit facility (Astral) (3)	526		526		–		–		–	
Other	121		–		119		–		2	
Total committed credit facilities	3,647		526		119		1,659		1,343	
Total non-committed credit facilities	1,372		–		676		–		696	
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities	5,019		526		795		1,659		2,039	



 



(1)	Bell Canada’s $2.5 billion revolving facility expires in November 2020 and its $500 million expansion facility expires in November 2018.
(2)	As of December 31, 2015, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $856 million in U.S. dollars ($1,185 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell Canada’s commercial paper outstanding is included in debt due within one year.
(3)	The outstanding balance at December 31, 2015 was $380 million in U.S. dollars ($526 million in Canadian dollars), which is included in debt due within one year and has been hedged using cross currency basis swaps.





Bell Canada may issue notes in an aggregate amount of up to $2 billion in either Canadian or U.S. dollars under its commercial paper program, supported by a committed revolving bank credit facility. The total amount of this credit facility may be drawn at any time. Some of our credit agreements require us to meet specific financial ratios and to offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or Bell Canada. We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such agreements.




Subsequent to year end, on January 11, 2016, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, its 4.64% Series M-19 MTN debentures, having an outstanding principal amount of $200 million which were due on February 22, 2016, as well as its 3.65% Series M-23 MTN debentures, having an outstanding principal amount of $500 million which were due on May 19, 2016.




In addition, on February 29, 2016, Bell Canada issued 3.55% Series M-41 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust indenture, with a principal amount of $750 million, which mature on March 2, 2026.




Cash requirements





CAPITAL EXPENDITURES




In 2016, our planned capital spending will be focused on our strategic imperatives, reflecting an appropriate level of investment in our networks and services.




POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS FUNDING




Our post-employment benefit plans include DB pension and defined contribution (DC) pension plans, as well as other post-employment benefits (OPEBs). The funding requirements of our post-employment benefit plans, resulting from valuations of our plan assets and liabilities, depend on a number of factors, including actual returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest rates, plan demographics, and applicable regulations and actuarial standards. Our expected funding for 2016 is detailed in the following table and is subject to actuarial valuations that will be completed in mid-2016. An actuarial valuation was last performed for our significant post-employment benefit plans as at December 31, 2014.



2016 EXPECTED FUNDING	TOTAL	
DB pension plans – service cost	216	
DB pension plans – deficit	19	
DB pension plans	235	
OPEBs	85	
DC pension plans	105	
Total net post-employment benefit plans	425	





BCE closed the membership of its DB pension plans to new employees in January 2005 to reduce the impact of pension volatility on earnings over time. Generally, new employees now enrol in the DC pension plans. In 2006, we announced the phase-out, over a 10-year period, of OPEBs for most employees, which will result in OPEBs funding being phased out gradually after 2016.


 



86 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	6	FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
		MANAGEMENT	MD&A



 




DIVIDEND PAYMENTS




In 2016, the cash dividends to be paid on BCE’s common shares are expected to be higher than in 2015 as BCE’s annual common share dividend increased by 5.0% to $2.73 per common share from $2.60 per common share effective with the dividend payable on April 15, 2016. This increase is consistent with BCE’s common share dividend policy of a target payout between 65% and 75% of free cash flow. BCE’s dividend policy and the declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board.




CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS




The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2015 that are due in each of the next five years and thereafter.





	2016		2017		2018		2019		2020		THERE- AFTER		TOTAL	
Recognized financial liabilities														
Long-term debt	1,899		1,107		1,731		1,309		1,401		7,995		15,442	
Notes payable	1,666		–		–		–		–		–		1,666	
Minimum future lease payments under finance leases	544		484		337		261		240		1,199		3,065	
Loans secured by trade receivables	931		–		–		–		–		–		931	
Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable and loan secured by trade receivables	728		639		575		506		457		5,077		7,982	
MLSE financial liability	–		135		–		–		–		–		135	
Net interest receipts on derivatives	(25	)	(12	)	–		–		–		–		(37	)
Commitments (off-balance sheet)														
Operating leases	287		257		206		178		154		814		1,896	
Commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets	946		650		570		497		448		1,373		4,484	
Purchase obligations	1,140		578		541		525		452		1,645		4,881	
National expansion of TMN (1)	190		–		–		–		–		–		190	
Total	8,306		3,838		3,960		3,276		3,152		18,103		40,635	



 



(1)	This commitment was settled in the first quarter of 2016.







BCE’s significant finance leases are for satellites and office premises. The leases for satellites, used to provide programming to our Bell TV customers, have a term of 15 years. The satellite leases are non-cancellable. The office leases have a typical lease term of 25 years. Minimum future lease payments under finance leases include future finance costs of $805 million.




BCE’s significant operating leases are for office premises, cellular tower sites and retail outlets with lease terms ranging from 1 to 42 years. These leases are non-cancellable and are renewable at the end of the lease period. Rental expense relating to operating leases was $340 million in 2015 and $335 million in 2014.




Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include program and feature film rights and investments to expand and update our networks to meet customer demand.




Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product contracts for operating expenditures.




INDEMNIFICATIONS AND GUARANTEES (OFF-BALANCE SHEET)




As a regular part of our business, we enter into agreements that provide for indemnifications and guarantees to counterparties in transactions involving business dispositions, sales of assets, sales of services, purchases and development of assets, securitization agreements and operating leases. While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential exposure, many do not specify a maximum amount or termination date.




We cannot reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount we could be required to pay counterparties because of the nature of almost all of these indemnifications and guarantees. As a result, we cannot determine how they could affect our future liquidity, capital resources or credit risk profile. We have not made any significant payments under indemnifications or guarantees in the past.




Litigation





We become involved in various legal proceedings as a part of our business. While we cannot predict the final outcome or timing of the legal proceedings that were pending at March 3, 2016, based on information currently available and management’s assessment of the merits of such legal proceedings, management believes that the resolution of these legal proceedings will not have a material and negative effect on our financial statements. We believe that we have strong defences and we intend to vigorously defend our positions.




You will find a description of the principal legal proceedings pending at March 3, 2016 in the BCE 2015 AIF.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 87
7	SELECTED ANNUAL AND QUARTERLY INFORMATION	MD&A	





7
 


Selected annual and quarterly information




7.1 Annual financial information




The following table shows selected consolidated financial data of BCE for 2015, 2014 and 2013, prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). We discuss the factors that caused our results to vary over the past two years throughout this MD&A.





	2015		2014	(1)	2013	(2)
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS						
Operating revenues	21,514		21,042		20,400	
Operating costs	(12,963	)	(12,739	)	(12,311	)
Adjusted EBITDA	8,551		8,303		8,089	
Severance, acquisition and other costs	(446	)	(216	)	(406	)
Depreciation	(2,890	)	(2,880	)	(2,734	)
Amortization	(530	)	(572	)	(646	)
Finance costs						
Interest expense	(909	)	(929	)	(931	)
Interest on post-employment benefit obligations	(110	)	(101	)	(150	)
Other (expense) income	(12	)	42		(6	)
Income taxes	(924	)	(929	)	(828	)
Net earnings	2,730		2,718		2,388	
Net earnings attributable to:						
Common shareholders	2,526		2,363		1,975	
Preferred shareholders	152		137		131	
Non-controlling interest	52		218		282	
Net earnings	2,730		2,718		2,388	
Net earnings per common share						
Basic	2.98		2.98		2.55	
Diluted	2.98		2.97		2.54	
Included in net earnings:						
Severance, acquisition and other costs	(327	)	(148	)	(299	)
Net gains (losses) on investments	21		8		(7	)
Early debt redemption costs	(13	)	(21	)	(36	)
Adjusted net earnings	2,845		2,524		2,317	
Adjusted EPS	3.36		3.18		2.99	
RATIOS						
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%)	39.7	%	39.5	%	39.7	%
Return on equity (%) (3)	21.1	%	21.0	%	17.9	%





 



(1)	On October 31, 2014, BCE completed its acquisition of all the issued and outstanding common shares of Bell Aliant that it did not already own. Refer to section 6.5, Privatization of Bell Aliant for further details on the transaction.
(2)	On July 5, 2013, BCE acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Astral. As part of its approval of the Astral acquisition, the CRTC ordered BCE to spend $246.9 million in new benefits for French- and English-language TV, radio and film content development, support for emerging Canadian musical talent, training and professional development for Canadian media, and new consumer participation initiatives. The present value of this tangible benefits obligation, amounting to $230 million, was recorded as an acquisition cost in Severance, acquisition and other costs in 2013. Total acquisition and other costs relating to Astral, including the tangible benefits obligation, amounted to $266 million in 2013.
(3)	Net earnings attributable to common shareholders divided by total average equity attributable to BCE shareholders excluding preferred shares.



 



88 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	7	SELECTED ANNUAL AND QUARTERLY INFORMATION	MD&A



 





	2015		2014		2013	
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION						
Total assets	47,993		46,297		45,384	
Cash and cash equivalents	613		566		335	
Debt due within one year (including bank advances, notes payable and loan secured by trade receivables)	4,895		3,743		2,571	
Long-term debt	15,390		16,355		16,341	
Total non-current liabilities	20,672		21,969		21,244	
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders	17,023		14,946		15,011	
Total equity	17,329		15,239		16,250	
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS						
Cash flows from operating activities	6,274		6,241		6,476	
Cash flows used in investing activities	(4,114	)	(3,570	)	(6,401	)
Capital expenditures	(3,626	)	(3,717	)	(3,571	)
Business acquisitions	(311	)	(18	)	(2,850	)
Business dispositions	409		720		1	
Acquisition of spectrum licences	(535	)	(566	)	–	
Cash flows (used in) from financing activities	(2,113	)	(2,440	)	131	
Issue of common shares	952		49		13	
Net (repayment) issuance of debt instruments	(510	)	784		2,215	
Common shares issuance cost	(35	)	–		–	
Cash dividends paid on common shares	(2,169	)	(1,893	)	(1,795	)
Privatization of Bell Aliant	–		(989	)	–	
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares	(150	)	(134	)	(127	)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest	(41	)	(145	)	(283	)
Free cash flow	2,999		2,744		2,571	
SHARE INFORMATION						
Average number of common shares (millions)	847.1		793.7		775.8	
Common shares outstanding at end of year (millions)	865.6		840.3		775.9	
Market capitalization (1)	46,275		44,771		35,691	
Dividends declared per common share (dollars)	2.60		2.47		2.33	
Dividends declared on common shares	(2,213	)	(1,960	)	(1,807	)
Dividends declared on preferred shares	(152	)	(138	)	(131	)
Closing market price per common share (dollars)	53.46		53.28		46.00	
Total shareholder return (2)	5.3	%	21.7	%	13.6	%
RATIOS						
Capital intensity (%)	16.9	%	17.7	%	17.5	%
Price to earnings ratio (times) (3)	17.94		17.88		18.04	
Price to cash flow ratio (times) (4)	17.08		16.75		12.30	
OTHER DATA						
Number of employees (thousands)	50		57		56	





 



(1)	BCE’s common share price at the end of the year multiplied by the number of common shares outstanding at the end of the year.
(2)	The change in BCE’s common share price for a specified period plus BCE common share dividends reinvested, divided by BCE’s common share price at the beginning of the year.
(3)	BCE’s common share price at the end of the year divided by earnings per share.
(4)	BCE’s common share price at the end of the year divided by cash flow per common share. Cash flow per common share is cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures, divided by the average number of common shares outstanding.



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 89
7	SELECTED ANNUAL AND QUARTERLY INFORMATION	MD&A	




 




7.2 Quarterly financial information





The following table shows selected BCE consolidated financial data by quarter for 2015 and 2014. This quarterly information is unaudited but has been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements. We discuss the factors that caused our results to vary over the past eight quarters throughout this MD&A.





	2015	2014
	Q4		Q3			Q2		Q1		Q4		Q3		Q2		Q1	
Operating revenues	5,603		5,345			5,326		5,240		5,528		5,195		5,220		5,099	
Adjusted EBITDA	2,073		2,187			2,197		2,094		2,022		2,115		2,144		2,022	
Severance, acquisition and other costs	(152	)	(46	)		(24	)	(224	)	(58	)	(66	)	(54	)	(38	)
Depreciation	(731	)	(727	)		(720	)	(712	)	(734	)	(739	)	(708	)	(699	)
Amortization	(136	)	(133	)		(134	)	(127	)	(118	)	(116	)	(171	)	(167	)
Net earnings	542		791			814		583		594		703		707		714	
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders	496		739			759		532		542		600		606		615	
Net earnings per common share																	
Basic	0.58		0.87			0.90		0.63		0.64		0.77		0.78		0.79	
Diluted	0.58		0.87			0.90		0.63		0.63		0.77		0.78		0.79	
Included in net earnings:																	
Severance, acquisition and other costs	(112	)	(35	)		(16	)	(164	)	(42	)	(45	)	(38	)	(23	)
Net (losses) gains on investments	(1	)	(16	)		40		(2	)	(8	)	–		4		12	
Early debt redemption costs	(6	)	–			–		(7	)	(18	)	(3	)	–		–	
Adjusted net earnings	615		790			735		705		610		648		640		626	
Adjusted EPS	0.72		0.93			0.87		0.84		0.72		0.83		0.82		0.81	
Average number of common shares outstanding – basic (millions)	853.5		848.9			844.9		841.0		837.7		782.1		777.7		776.5	
OTHER INFORMATION																	
Cash flows from operating activities	1,510		1,878			1,841		1,045		1,527		1,882		1,850		982	
Free cash flow	916		921			931		231		833		834		815		262	
Capital expenditures	958		927			914		827		1,076		975		937		729	





 




Fourth quarter highlights




 





OPERATING REVENUES	Q4 2015		Q4 2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Bell Wireless	1,770		1,671		99		5.9	%
Bell Wireline	3,161		3,210		(49	)	(1.5	%)
Bell Media	816		789		27		3.4	%
Inter-segment eliminations	(144	)	(142	)	(2	)	(1.4	%)
Total BCE operating revenues	5,603		5,528		75		1.4	%





 





ADJUSTED EBITDA	Q4 2015		Q4 2014		$ CHANGE		% CHANGE	
Bell Wireless	641		600		41		6.8	%
Bell Wireline	1,248		1,230		18		1.5	%
Bell Media	184		192		(8	)	(4.2	%)
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA	2,073		2,022		51		2.5	%





 



90 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	7	SELECTED ANNUAL AND QUARTERLY INFORMATION	MD&A





BCE operating revenues
 were 1.4% higher in Q4 2015, compared to Q4 2014, driven by solid performance in both our Bell Wireless and Bell Media segments, partly offset by a 1.5% decline in our Bell Wireline segment, due to the impact of continued slow economic growth and competitive pricing pressures on service and product revenue in our Business Markets unit.




BCE adjusted EBITDA
 grew by 2.5% in Q4 2015, compared to Q4 2014, reflecting year-over-year increases at Bell Wireless of 6.8% and at Bell Wireline of 1.5%. This was moderated by a 4.2% decline at Bell Media. BCE adjusted EBITDA margin expanded to 37.0% compared to 36.6% in Q4 2014.




Bell Wireless operating revenues
 were 5.9% higher in Q4 2015 compared to last year, reflecting service revenue growth of 6.3% driven by a larger postpaid subscriber base and blended ARPU growth of 4.4%, driven by higher average monthly rates due to the ongoing migration by customers from three-year to two-year rate plans, as well as increased data usage. Bell Wireless operating revenues also reflected higher product sales in Q4 2015 with growth of 2.4%, as a result of a higher number of customer upgrades and postpaid gross additions compared to Q4 2014. Bell Wireless adjusted EBITDA was up 6.8%, year over year, yielding a 0.2 percentage point expansion in adjusted EBITDA service margin to 40.4%, despite higher customer retention spending and subscriber acquisition costs, attributable to more subsidized customer upgrades and postpaid gross activations, mainly as a result of the double cohort.




Bell Wireline operating revenues
 in Q4 2015 decreased by 1.5%, year over year, due to pressures in our Business Markets unit from a soft economy that contributed to reduced customer spending on connectivity services, business service solutions and data and voice equipment, as well as competitive pricing pressures. Additionally, continued voice erosion in our residential market, the sale of a call centre subsidiary on September 1, 2015 and lower international long distance minute sales further reduced operating revenues. The decline was moderated by Internet and IPTV subscriber growth and price increases across our residential services. Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA in Q4 2015 was up 1.5%, year over year, with a corresponding adjusted EBITDA margin improvement to 39.5% from 38.3% in Q4 2014, reflecting effective management of our operating costs, including Bell Aliant integration synergies and workforce reductions.




Bell Media operating revenues
 in Q4 2015 increased by 3.4%, compared to Q4 2014, reflecting higher conventional TV advertising revenues, driven by the federal election and Bell Media’s strong fall season primetime line-up, and an increase in OOH advertising revenues due to new contract wins. This was partly offset by modest declines in specialty TV and radio advertising revenues. Subscriber revenues were up year over year, due to continued growth from CraveTV and TV Everywhere services, as well as favourable rate adjustments with certain BDUs. Bell Media adjusted EBITDA decreased by 4.2% in Q4 2015, as a result of higher content and programming costs related to CraveTV combined with escalating costs for sports broadcast rights and a return to normalized spending for Canadian programming expenditures following a one-time benefit in the fourth quarter of 2014.




BCE capital expenditures
 totalled $958 million in Q4 2015, which was $118 million lower than Q4 2014, corresponding to a 2.4 percentage-point decline in capital intensity to 17.1%. The decrease in capital expenditures reflected lower spending across all our segments, due to timing of spend and the substantial completion of our FibreOP deployment in Atlantic Canada as well as less new IPTV service footprint expansion in Québec and Ontario. Our capital investment supported the continued rollout of broadband fibre, including the build-out of Gigabit Fibe infrastructure in Toronto and other urban locations, the deployment of our 4G LTE and LTE-A wireless networks as well as increases in wireless and Internet network capacity to support greater speeds and growing data usage.




BCE severance, acquisition and other costs
 of $152 million in Q4 2015 increased by $94 million mainly due to costs related to workforce reduction initiatives at our Bell Media and Bell Wireline segments to address increasing competition, media industry regulation, a soft business market and declines in home phone subscribers.






BCE depreciation
 of $731 million in Q4 2015 decreased by $3 million, year over year, due to a reduction in the estimates of useful lives of certain network assets starting July 2014, which increased depreciation expense in 2014, as described in section 10.1, 
Our accounting policies – Critical accounting estimates and key judgments
, partly offset by a higher depreciable asset base as we continued to invest in our broadband wireline and wireless networks, as well as our IPTV service.






BCE amortization
 was $136 million in Q4 2015, up from $118 million in Q4 2014, as a result of a higher net asset base, partly offset by an increase in the estimates of useful lives of certain assets from five to seven years, as described in section 10.1, 
Our accounting policies – Critical accounting estimates and key judgments
.




BCE net earnings attributable to common shareholders
 of $496 million in Q4 2015, or $0.58 per share, were lower than the $542 million, or $0.64 per share, reported in Q4 2014. The year-over-year decrease was due to higher severance, acquisition and other costs, related mainly to workforce reduction initiatives, and lower mark-to-market gains on equity derivative contracts entered into to economically hedge future payments under our share-based compensation plans. This was partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA, lower asset impairment charges at Bell Media, and lower income taxes. Adjusted net earnings increased by 0.8% to $615 million, and adjusted EPS remained flat at $0.72.




BCE cash flow from operating activities
 was $1,510 million in Q4 2015 compared to $1,527 million in Q4 2014. The decrease is mainly attributable to higher acquisition and other costs paid in 2015, due largely to the payment in full satisfaction of the judgment rendered in a litigation claim for Satellite TV signal piracy, and lower cash from working capital, partly offset by lower voluntary contribution made to post-employment benefit plans, compared to Q4 2014, and higher adjusted EBITDA.




BCE free cash flow
 generated in Q4 2015 was $916 million, or 10.0%, higher than in Q4 2014. This was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, lower capital expenditures and the favourable impact of the privatization of Bell Aliant, partly offset by lower cash from working capital.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 91
7	SELECTED ANNUAL AND QUARTERLY INFORMATION	MD&A	




 




Seasonality considerations





Some of our segments’ revenues and expenses vary slightly by season, which may impact quarter-to-quarter operating results.




Bell Wireless operating
 results are influenced by the timing of our marketing and promotional expenditures and higher levels of subscriber additions and handset discounts, resulting in higher subscriber acquisition and activation-related expenses in certain quarters. In particular, subscriber activations are typically lowest in the first quarter, while adjusted EBITDA tends to be lower in the third and fourth quarters, due to higher subscriber acquisition and retention costs associated with a higher number of new subscriber activations and upgrades during the back-to-school, Black Friday and Christmas holiday periods.




Bell Wireline revenues
 tend to be higher in the fourth quarter because of higher data and equipment product sales to business customers and higher consumer electronics equipment sales during the Q4 Christmas holiday period. However, this may vary from year to year depending on the strength of the economy and the presence of targeted sales initiatives, which can influence customer spending. Home Phone, TV and Internet subscriber activity is subject to modest seasonal fluctuations, attributable largely to residential moves during the summer months and the back-to-school period in the third quarter. Targeted marketing efforts conducted during various times of the year to coincide with special events or broad-based marketing campaigns also may have an impact on overall wireline operating results.




Bell Media revenues
 and related expenses from TV and radio broadcasting are largely derived from the sale of advertising, the demand for which is affected by prevailing economic conditions, as well as cyclical and seasonal variations. Seasonal variations are driven by the strength of TV ratings, particularly during the fall programming season, major sports league seasons and other special sporting events such as the Olympic Games, NHL playoffs and World Cup soccer, as well as fluctuations in consumer retail activity during the year.



92 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	8	REGULATORY
ENVIRONMENT	MD&A





8
 Regulatory environment




8.1 Introduction






This section describes certain legislation that governs our businesses and provides highlights of recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings, government consultations and government positions that affect us, influence our business and may continue to affect our flexibility to compete in the marketplace. Bell Canada and several of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Bell Mobility, Bell ExpressVu Limited Partnership (Bell ExpressVu), NorthernTel, Limited Partnership (NorthernTel), Télébec, Limited Partnership (Télébec) and Northwestel, are governed by the 
Telecommunications Act
, the 
Broadcasting Act
, the 
Radiocommunication Act 
and/or the 


Bell Canada Act
. They are also subject to regulations and policies enforced by the CRTC. Our business is affected by decisions made by various regulatory agencies, including the CRTC, a quasi-judicial agency of the Government of Canada responsible for regulating Canada’s telecommunications and broadcasting industries. Other aspects of the businesses of these entities are regulated in various ways by federal government departments, in particular Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED, previously called Industry Canada).




The CRTC regulates the prices we can charge for telecommunications services in areas where it determines there is not enough competition to protect the interests of consumers. The CRTC has determined that 




competition was sufficient to grant forbearance from retail price regulation under the 
Telecommunications Act 
for the vast majority of our residential and business telephone services, as well as for our wireless (except our domestic wholesale wireless roaming service) and Internet services (except in certain parts of Northwestel’s territory, where the CRTC re-regulated Internet services in 2013). Our TV distribution business is subject to the 
Broadcasting Act 
and is, for the most part, not subject to retail price regulation. However, the CRTC has recently mandated that all TV providers offer a “small entry-level” package consisting of only Canadian conventional TV services, certain public-interest services and, if the TV provider chooses to include them, one set of American over-the-air (OTA) stations. The price of this package cannot exceed $25 per month.




Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies and departments such as the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition Bureau continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as mandatory access to networks, net neutrality, spectrum auctions, approval of acquisitions, broadcast licensing and foreign ownership requirements. Adverse decisions by regulatory agencies or increasing regulation could have negative financial, operational, reputational or competitive consequences for our business.




8.2 Telecommunications Act







The 
Telecommunications Act 
governs telecommunications in Canada. It defines the broad objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy and provides the Government of Canada with the power to give general direction to the CRTC on any of its policy objectives. It applies to several of the BCE group companies and partnerships, including Bell Canada, Bell Mobility, NorthernTel, Télébec and Northwestel.






Under the 
Telecommunications Act
, all facilities-based telecommunications service providers in Canada, known as telecommunications common carriers (TCCs), must seek regulatory approval for all proposed tariffs for telecommunications services, unless the services are exempt from regulation or forborne from regulation. The CRTC may exempt an entire class of carriers from regulation under the 
Telecommunications Act 
if the exemption meets the objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy. In addition, a few large TCCs, including the BCE group TCCs, must also meet certain Canadian ownership requirements. BCE monitors and periodically reports on the level of non-Canadian ownership of its common shares.




Review of basic telecommunications services







On April 9, 2015, the CRTC launched Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC 2015-134, 
Review of basic telecommunications services
. In this proceeding, the CRTC requests parties to comment on which telecommunications services Canadians require to participate in the digital economy and what the CRTC’s role should be in ensuring access to these services for all Canadians. As a result of this proceeding, the CRTC may make modifications to its basic service objective and obligation to serve policies, which currently describe the level of voice service that ILECs must provide to 


customers in regulated areas that they serve. Potential modifications could involve the introduction of new regulation to support the delivery of broadband services, including the implementation of a new contribution mechanism or “tax” regime on all large telecommunications service providers to fund access to broadband services. Such modifications could have a significant impact on our business and investment decisions. A decision is not expected before late 2016.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 93
8	REGULATORY
ENVIRONMENT	MD&A	




 




Complaint regarding pricing of broadcasting content accessed via mobile devices





On January 29, 2015, the CRTC issued a decision (Mobile TV decision) concerning a complaint against Bell Mobility about the pricing of our Bell Mobile TV service compared with the rates applicable when consumers access programming content received via mobile devices over the Internet. The CRTC found that we were conferring an “undue preference” on our Mobile TV service by not subjecting it to the standard data charges. In accordance with the CRTC’s Mobile TV decision, we have ceased exempting our Mobile TV service from data charges as of April 29, 2015.




On February 20, 2015, Bell Canada filed a motion seeking leave to appeal the CRTC’s Mobile TV decision in the Federal Court of Appeal, which was granted on April 2, 2015. Bell Canada alleges that the CRTC made certain errors in law in conjunction with the Mobile TV decision. The appeal was heard on January 19, 2016 and a decision is expected later this year.




Proceedings regarding wholesale domestic wireless services





On May 5, 2015, the CRTC released Telecom Regulatory Policy CRTC 2015-177 (TRP 2015-177), which concluded its investigation into the competitiveness of wholesale wireless markets in Canada. TRP 2015-177 requires Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Partnership (now Rogers Communications Canada Inc.) (Rogers Canada) and Telus Communications Company to issue tariffs for domestic wholesale roaming services based on the GSM
standard, which are provided to all other Canadian wireless carriers but not to each other. As a condition of offering GSM-based wholesale roaming services, Bell Mobility, Rogers Canada and Telus Communications Company must provide domestic roaming service to all subscribers served by their wholesale roaming customers, including the subscribers of any MVNOs operating on their roaming customers’ networks. The CRTC is expected to grant final approval of Bell Mobility’s, Rogers Canada’s and Telus Communications Company’s proposed wholesale roaming rates later in 2016.




On August 3, 2015, the Canadian Network Operators Consortium (CNOC) applied to the CRTC to review and vary TRP 2015-177. CNOC’s application sought: (i) a CRTC order mandating full MVNO services on the networks of Bell Mobility, Rogers Canada and Telus Communications Company at regulated rates; and (ii) a follow-up regulatory proceeding to determine whether wholesale tower and site sharing services should also be mandated, and if so, on what terms and conditions. On February 18, 2016, the CRTC denied both of CNOC’s requests, leaving the determinations in TRP 2015-177 unaltered.




Wholesale wireline
		services framework review





On July 22, 2015, the CRTC issued Telecom Decision 2015-326, which concluded a review of its wholesale wireline telecommunications policies. The CRTC mandated the introduction of a new disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service, including over FTTP facilities, which had so far been exempt from mandated wholesale high-speed access. While this new service is mandated for all major incumbent telephone companies and cable carriers, the first stage of its implementation is to take place only in Ontario and Québec, our two largest markets. No wholesale service previously forborne was re-regulated.




On October 20, 2015, we requested that the Governor in Council vary the CRTC’s decision so that it does not implement legacy wholesale regulation for FTTP or next-generation DOCSIS 3.1 cable networks.




The CRTC’s decision would continue to apply to legacy broadband technology, such as DSL, FTTN, and cable broadband based on DOCSIS 3.0 providing speeds up to 100 Mbps, where it exists today. Also on October 20, 2015, we filed an application with the CRTC requesting the addition of conditions regarding competitor eligibility for the new disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service.




The introduction of mandated wholesale services over FTTP by the CRTC will undermine the incentives for facilities-based digital infrastructure providers to invest in next-generation wireline networks, particularly in smaller communities and rural areas.



94 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	8	REGULATORY
ENVIRONMENT	MD&A




 




National wireless services consumer code





On June 3, 2013, the CRTC issued Telecom Regulatory Policy CRTC 2013-271, which established the Wireless Code. The Wireless Code applies to all wireless services provided to individual and small business consumers (i.e. businesses that on average spend less than $2,500 per month on telecom services) in all provinces and territories.




The Wireless Code establishes regulations related to unlocking mobile phones, limiting the amount of early cancellation fees, price changes for different categories of services, and setting default caps for data roaming charges and data overage charges, among other measures. The Wireless Code also stipulates that wireless service providers may not charge an early cancellation fee after a customer has been under contract for 24 months and that handset subsidies must be recovered in two years or less. These requirements reduce the incentive for wireless service providers to offer contracts with terms greater than two years.




The Wireless Code has applied to all wireless contracts since June 3, 2015.




Canada’s telecommunications foreign ownership rules







Under the 
Telecommunications Act
, there are no foreign investment restrictions applicable to TCCs that have less than a 10% share of the total Canadian telecommunications market as measured by annual revenues. However, foreign investment in telecommunications companies can still be refused by the government under the 
Investment Canada Act
. The absence of foreign ownership restrictions on such small or new entrant TCCs could result in more foreign companies entering the Canadian market, including by acquiring spectrum licences or Canadian TCCs. Under the 
Broadcasting Act
, foreign ownership restrictions continue to apply to broadcasters such as licensed cable and Satellite TV service providers, and programming licensees such as Bell Media.




8.3 Broadcasting Act







The 
Broadcasting Act 
outlines the broad objectives of Canada’s broadcasting policy and assigns the regulation and supervision of the broadcasting system to the CRTC. Key policy objectives of the 
Broadcasting Act 
are to protect and strengthen the cultural, political, social and economic fabric of Canada and to encourage the development of Canadian expression.




Most broadcasting activities require a programming or broadcasting distribution licence from the CRTC. The CRTC may exempt broadcasting undertakings from complying with certain licensing and regulatory requirements if it is satisfied that non-compliance will not materially affect the implementation of Canadian broadcasting policy. A corporation must also meet certain Canadian ownership and control requirements to obtain a broadcasting or broadcasting distribution licence and corporations must have the CRTC’s approval before they can transfer effective control of a broadcasting licensee.






The TV distribution business of our Bell TV business unit (Bell TV) and Bell Media’s TV and radio broadcasting operations are subject to the requirements of the 
Broadcasting Act
, the policies and decisions of the CRTC and their respective broadcasting licences. Any changes in the 
Broadcasting Act
, amendments to regulations or the adoption of new ones, or amendments to licences could negatively affect Bell TV’s or Bell Media’s competitive position or the cost of providing services.




Changes to simultaneous substitution





On January 29, 2015, the CRTC announced in Broadcasting Regulatory Policy 2015-25 that it would eliminate simultaneous substitution for specialty channels starting December 1, 2015 and for the Super Bowl starting in 2017, and that it would enact new penalties for broadcasters and require BDUs to pay consumer rebates for simultaneous substitution errors. This decision, as far as it relates to the elimination of simultaneous substitution for the Super Bowl, could have an adverse impact on Bell Media’s conventional TV businesses and financial results, the full extent of which is unclear at this time.




On March 2, 2015, Bell Canada and Bell Media filed an application with the Federal Court of Appeal for leave to appeal the CRTC’s decision relating to simultaneous substitution in so far as it: (i) prohibits simultaneous substitution for the Super Bowl starting in 2017; (ii) prohibits simultaneous substitution for specialty channels; and (iii) purports to grant the CRTC authority to impose penalties on broadcasters and requires BDUs to pay rebates for errors in the performance of simultaneous substitution. Bell Canada and Bell Media are challenging the legal validity of these rules on the basis of the following arguments: (i) unlawful interference with Bell Media’s vested economic rights as the exclusive Canadian rights holder of 




the Super Bowl; (ii) administrative law discrimination by eliminating the benefits of simultaneous substitution for Bell Media’s Super Bowl broadcast while maintaining the benefits of simultaneous substitution for others; (iii) breach of procedural fairness in the CRTC’s failure to give notice that the prohibition of simultaneous substitution was a live issue in the TV Policy Review; (iv) the unreasonableness of the decision in light of the broadcasting policy for Canada as set out in the 
Broadcasting Act 
and in light of the CRTC’s acknowledgement of the benefits of simultaneous substitution; and (v) that the CRTC has no authority to enact regulations that empower it to penalize broadcasters or impose rebates on BDUs for errors in carrying out simultaneous substitution. The Federal Court of Appeal granted our application for leave to appeal on May 5, 2015. On November 19, 2015, the CRTC released an additional decision stating, for the first time, new grounds for its decision relating to simultaneous substitution. On December 14, 2015, Bell Canada and Bell Media filed an application with the Federal Court of Appeal for leave to appeal this decision as well. The hearing of these appeals is now expected to take place later this year.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 95
8	REGULATORY
ENVIRONMENT	MD&A	




 




Unbundling of TV services





On March 19, 2015, the CRTC released Broadcasting Regulatory Policy 2015-96, which deals primarily with issues related to the distribution of TV services. In it, the CRTC mandates that all TV providers offer a “small entry-level” package consisting of only Canadian conventional TV services, certain public-interest services and, if the TV provider chooses to include them, one set of American OTA stations. The price of this package cannot exceed $25 per month exclusive of equipment. The small entry-level offer had to be introduced by March 1, 2016. The decision also requires all TV providers to offer every channel not included in a small entry-level package on both a standalone (à la carte) basis and in either build-your-own packages (e.g. “pick 10”) or small theme packs of no more than 10 channels. The CRTC did not regulate the price at which such packages can be sold. Either a standalone, build-your-own package, or small theme pack option must be offered by March 1, 2016 and both standalone and one of build-your-own package or small theme pack options must be offered by December 1, 2016. TV providers can continue to offer TV services in other packages, including their existing package options, as long as they also offer the mandated alternatives. The CRTC also decided that, with the exception of mainstream national news services, TV channels that previously had “access rights”, in that TV providers were required to carry them, will lose those rights when they renew their licences beginning in September 2017. A TV provider will, therefore, be able to cease to offer any of these services that it does not wish to carry. While the impact of the decision on Bell Media is potentially negative, the extent of the impact on Bell Media’s business and financial results is unclear at this time.




Wholesale code





On September 24, 2015, the CRTC released Broadcasting Regulatory Policy 2015-438, announcing a new Wholesale Code. The Wholesale Code governs the commercial arrangements between BDUs, programming services and digital media services, including imposing additional restrictions on the sale of TV channels at wholesale and the carriage of TV channels by BDUs. On October 23, 2015, Bell Canada and Bell Media filed with the Federal Court of Appeal an application 




for leave to appeal the CRTC’s decision to implement the Wholesale Code, which application was granted on December 22, 2015. We allege that the CRTC’s implementation of the Wholesale Code conflicts with the 
Copyright Act 
and is outside the CRTC’s jurisdiction under the 
Broadcasting Act
. A decision on the appeal is not expected until later in the year.




8.4 Radiocommunication Act







ISED regulates the use of radio spectrum under the 
Radiocommunication Act
. Under the 
Radiocommunication Act
, ISED ensures that radiocommunication in Canada is developed and operated efficiently. Under the 
Radiocommunication Regulations
, companies that are eligible for radio licences, such as Bell Canada and Bell Mobility, must meet the same ownership requirements that apply to companies under the 
Telecommunications Act
.




Companies must have a spectrum licence to operate a wireless system in Canada. While we anticipate that the licences under which we provide wireless services will be renewed upon expiry, there is no assurance that this will happen, or of the terms under which renewal will be granted. ISED can revoke a company’s licence at any time if the licensee does not comply with the licence’s conditions. While we believe that we comply with the conditions of our licences, there is no assurance that ISED will agree. Should there be a disagreement, this could have a negative effect on our business and financial performance.




600 MHz spectrum consultation





Industry Canada (now ISED) held a consultation in December 2014 seeking comments on various questions related to repurposing the 600 MHz broadcasting band for mobile use. This spectrum is currently used primarily by OTA TV broadcasters for local TV transmissions. This was the first step of a multistep process on the matter. The two key questions related to whether Industry Canada should repurpose the band to include commercial mobile broadband and whether to participate in a joint spectrum repacking process with the United States. In addition, Industry Canada also sought comments regarding the anticipated future spectrum requirements for OTA TV broadcasting, taking into consideration the overall changes in the broadcasting industry.




On August 14, 2015, Industry Canada announced its decision on the results of the consultation. Industry Canada determined it would proceed with the repacking initiative for the 600 MHz band to include commercial mobile use and that it would jointly establish a new digital TV (DTV) allotment plan in collaboration with the U.S. ISED has indicated that it is waiting for the results of the U.S. auction, which is expected to take place in March or April 2016, before proceeding with further consultation concerning the final 600 MHz band plan to be adopted and its auction process, as ISED’s auction parameters will be coordinated with the band plan that results from the auction in the U.S. The repurposing of 600 MHz spectrum will have an impact on existing Bell Media TV broadcasting stations, which will need to transition to alternative spectrum. The extent of such impact is not yet known.



96 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	8	REGULATORY
ENVIRONMENT	MD&A



 




8.5 Bell Canada Act







Under the 
Bell Canada Act
, the CRTC must approve any sale or other disposal of Bell Canada voting shares that are held by BCE, unless the sale or disposal would result in BCE retaining at least 80% of all of the issued and outstanding voting shares of Bell Canada. Except in 


the ordinary course of business, the sale or other disposal of facilities integral to Bell Canada’s telecommunications activities must also receive CRTC approval.




8.6 Other key
		legislation





Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act






The 
Digital Privacy Act 
amending the 
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act 
(PIPEDA) received Royal Assent on June 18, 2015. The amendments introduce mandatory notification requirements that must be followed in relation to the loss or unauthorized disclosure of personal information held by an 


organization resulting from a breach of the organization’s security safeguards. Failure to comply with these notification requirements, or to log security breaches, may result in a fine of up to $100,000 per occurrence. These provisions dealing with notification requirements will come into force when related regulations are brought into force.




Canada’s anti-spam legislation





Federal legislation referred to as Canada’s anti-spam legislation (CASL) came into force on July 1, 2014. Pursuant to CASL, commercial electronic messages (CEMs) can be sent only if the recipient has provided prior consent and the message complies with certain formalities, including the ability to unsubscribe easily from subsequent messages. As of January 15, 2015, CASL also requires that an organization have prior informed consent before downloading software to an end-user’s computer. Penalties for non-compliance include administrative monetary penalties of up to $10 million and a private right of action is scheduled to come into force on July 1, 2017. CASL limits the ability of the various BCE group companies to contact prospective customers, and imposes additional costs and processes with respect to communicating with existing and prospective customers.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 97
9	BUSINESS RISKS	MD&A	





9
 


 Business risks






A risk is the possibility that an event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, business or reputation. The actual effect of any event could be materially different from what we currently anticipate. The risks described in this MD&A are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, business or reputation.






This section describes the principal business risks that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, business or reputation, and cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. As indicated in the table below, certain of these principal business risks have already been discussed in other sections of this MD&A, and we refer the reader to those sections for a discussion of such risks. All of the risk discussions set out in the sections referred to in the table below are incorporated by reference in this section 9.





RISKS DISCUSSED IN OTHER SECTIONS OF THIS MD&A	SECTION REFERENCES
Regulatory environment	Section 3.3, Principal business risks Section 8, Regulatory environment
Competitive environment	Section 3.3, Principal business risks Section 5, Business segment analysis ( Competitive landscape and industry trends section for each segment)
Security management	Section 3.3, Principal business risks
Risks specifically relating to our
Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media segments	Section 5, Business segment analysis ( Principal business risks section for each segment)







The other principal business risks that could also have a material adverse effect on our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, business or reputation are discussed below.




Customer experience







Driving a positive customer experience in all aspects of our engagement with customers by embracing new approaches and challenging operational limitations is important to avoid adverse impacts on our business and financial performance




As the bar continues to be raised based on customers’ evolving expectations of service and value, failure to get ahead of such expectations and build a more robust service experience could hinder products and services differentiation and customer loyalty. With the proliferation of connectivity services, apps and devices, customers are accustomed to doing things when, how and where they want through websites, self-serve options, web chat, call centres, facebook, twitter and other social media forums. Failure to embrace these new media in a positive way, incorporate them into multiple elements of our service delivery and ensure that we understand their potential impact on customer perceptions could adversely affect our reputation and brand value. As the foundation of effective customer service stems from our ability to deliver simple solutions to customers in an expeditious manner, on mutually agreeable terms, complexity in our operations resulting from multiple technology platforms, billing systems, marketing databases and a myriad of rate plans, promotions and product offerings may limit our ability to respond quickly to market changes and reduce costs. Complexity in our operations may also lead to customer confusion or billing errors, which could adversely affect customer satisfaction, acquisition and retention.




Technology/infrastructure transformation







The failure to optimize network and IT deployment and upgrading timelines, accurately assess the potential of new technologies, and invest and evolve in the appropriate direction, could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results




Globalization, increased competition and ongoing technological advances are driving customer expectations of faster market responses, enhanced user experiences and cost-effective delivery. Meeting these expectations requires the deployment of new service and product technologies that are network-neutral and based on a more collaborative and integrated development environment. Change can be difficult and may present unforeseen obstacles which might impact successful execution, and this transition is made more challenging by the complexity of our multi-product environment, combined with the complexity of our network and IT structures. In addition, new technologies may quickly become obsolete or their launch may be delayed. The failure to optimize network and IT deployment and upgrading timelines, considering customer demand and competitor activities, to accurately assess the potential of new technologies and to invest and evolve in the appropriate direction in an environment of changing business models could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.




In particular, our network and IT evolution activities seek to install FTTP and enable an integrated IP-based competitive network offering that facilitates rapid development of new product and service offerings.



98 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	9	BUSINESS RISKS	MD&A





If this cannot be achieved in accordance with our deployment schedules while maintaining network availability and performance through the migration process, we may lose customers as a result of poor service performance, which could adversely affect our ability to achieve our operational and financial objectives. Failure to leverage IP across all facets of our network and product and service portfolio could inhibit a fully customer-centric approach, limiting or preventing comprehensive self-serve convenience, real-time provisioning, cost savings and flexibility in delivery and consumption, leading to negative business and financial outcomes.




Parallel to our focus on next-generation investment, adverse regulatory decisions may impact the specific nature, magnitude, location and timing of investment decisions. In particular, the introduction by the CRTC of mandated wholesale services over FTTP or wireless networks will undermine the incentives for facilities-based digital infrastructure providers to invest in next-generation wireline and wireless networks, particularly in smaller communities and rural areas. Failure to continue investment in a disciplined and strategic manner in next-generation capabilities, including real-time information-based customer service strategies, could limit our ability to compete effectively and achieve desired business and financial results.




Other examples of risks to achieving our desired technology/ infrastructure transformation include:








Network construction and deployment on municipal or private
 
property requires the issuance of municipal and property owner
 
consents, respectively, for the installation of network equipment,
 
which could cause delays to FTTP rollout






New products, services or apps could reduce demand for our
 
existing more profitable service offerings or cause prices for
 
those services to decline, and could result in shorter estimated
 
useful lives for existing technologies, which could increase
 
depreciation and amortization expense






As consumption habits evolve and TV viewing alternatives
 
expand, our ability to develop alternative delivery vehicles,
 
which may require significant IT investment, in order to compete
 
in new markets is essential to maintaining customer engagement
 
and revenue streams






Our ability to leverage new opportunities, such as those
 
introduced by “Big Data”, which is subject to many challenges,
 
including evolving customer perceptions as well as legal and
 
regulatory developments. If we cannot build market-leading
 
competencies in this field across sales, service and operational
 
platforms that respect societal values and legal and regulatory
 
requirements, we may miss important opportunities to grow
 
our business through enhanced market intelligence and a more
 
proactive customer service model.






Operational performance







Our networks, IT systems and data centre assets are the foundation of high-quality consistent services which are critical to meeting service expectations




Our ability to provide consistent wireless, wireline, media broadcasting, satellite and data centre services to customers in a complex and constantly changing operating environment is crucial for sustained success. In particular, network capacity demands for TV and other bandwidth-intensive applications on our Internet and wireless networks have been growing at unprecedented rates. Unexpected capacity pressures on our networks may negatively affect our network performance and our ability to provide services. Issues relating to network availability, speed, consistency and traffic management on our more current as well as aging networks could have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance.




In addition, we currently use a very large number of interconnected operational and business support systems including for provisioning, networking, distribution, broadcast management, billing and accounting. If we fail to implement or maintain highly effective customer-facing IT systems supported by an effective governance and operating framework, this may lead to inconsistent performance and dissatisfied customers, which over time could result in higher churn.




Further examples of risks to operational performance that could impact our reputation, business operations and financial performance include the following:




We may need to incur significant capital expenditures beyond those already anticipated by our capital intensity target in order to provide additional capacity and reduce network congestion on our wireline and wireless networks, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows or raise the capital we need to fund such capital expenditures, which may result in service degradation


Corporate restructurings, system replacements and upgrades,


process redesigns and the integration of business acquisitions


may not deliver the benefits contemplated and could adversely


impact our ongoing operations


If we fail to streamline our significant IT legacy system portfolio


and proactively improve operating performance, this could


adversely affect our business and financial outcomes


A shortage of technicians or contact centre staff could


result in the failure to achieve a desired level of customer


service satisfaction


There may be a lack of competent and cost-effective resources


to perform the life-cycle management and upgrades necessary


to maintain operational status of legacy networks








Our operations and business continuity depend on how well we protect, test, maintain and replace our networks, IT systems, equipment and other facilities




Our operations depend on how well we and our contracted service providers protect our networks and IT systems, as well as other infrastructure and facilities, against damage from fire, natural disaster (including, without limitation, seismic and severe weather-related events such as ice, snow and wind storms, flooding, hurricanes, tornados and tsunamis), power loss, building cooling loss, unauthorized access or entry, cyber threats, disabling devices, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage, vandalism, actions of neighbours and other events. Establishing response strategies and business continuity protocols to maintain service consistency if any disruptive event materializes is critical to the achievement of effective customer service. Any of the above-mentioned events, as well as the failure to complete the planned testing, maintenance or replacement of our networks, equipment and other facilities due to factors beyond our control, could disrupt our operations (including through disruptions such as network failures, billing errors or delays in customer service), require significant resources and result in significant remediation



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 99
9	BUSINESS RISKS	MD&A	





costs, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, or impair our ability to keep existing subscribers or attract new ones.






Satellites used by Bell TV are subject to significant operational risks that could have an adverse effect on Bell TV’s business and financial performance




Pursuant to a set of commercial arrangements between Bell TV and Telesat Canada (Telesat), Bell TV currently has two satellites under contract with Telesat. Telesat operates or directs the operation of these satellites. Satellites utilize highly complex technology and operate in the harsh environment of space and are therefore subject to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include in-orbit equipment failures, malfunctions and other problems, commonly referred to as anomalies, that could reduce the commercial usefulness of a satellite used by Bell TV. Acts of war or terrorism, magnetic, electrostatic or solar storms, and space debris or meteoroids could also damage the satellites used by Bell TV. Any loss, failure, manufacturing defect, damage or destruction of these satellites, of Bell TV’s terrestrial broadcasting infrastructure or of Telesat’s tracking, telemetry and control facilities to operate the satellites could have an adverse effect on Bell TV’s business and financial performance and could result in customers terminating their subscriptions to Bell TV’s DTH Satellite TV service.




Vendor oversight







We depend on third-party suppliers and outsourcers, some of which are critical, to provide an uninterrupted supply of the products and services we need to operate our business




We depend on key third-party suppliers and outsourcers, over which we have no operational or financial control, for products and services, some of which are critical to our operations. If there are gaps in our supplier governance and oversight models established to ensure full risk transparency at point of purchase and throughout the relationship, including any contract renegotiations, there is the potential for a breakdown in supply, which could impact our ability to make sales, service customers and achieve our business and financial objectives. The outsourcing of services generally involves transfer of risk, and we must take appropriate steps to ensure that the outsourcers’ approach to risk management is aligned with our own standards in order to maintain continuity of supply and brand strength. Further, as cloud-based supplier models continue to evolve, our procurement and vendor management practices must also continue to evolve to fully address associated risk exposures.




Other examples of risks associated with vendor oversight include the following:




Demand for products and services available from only a limited number of suppliers, some of which dominate their global market, may lead to decreased availability, increased costs or delays in the delivery of such products and services since suppliers may choose to favour global competitors that are larger than we are and, accordingly, purchase a larger volume of products and services. In addition, production issues affecting any such suppliers, or other suppliers, could result in decreased quantities, or a total lack of supply of products or services. Any of these events could potentially adversely impact our ability to meet customer commitments and demand.


Cloud-based solutions may increase the risk of security and


data leakage exposure if security control protocols affecting our


suppliers are bypassed


Failure to maintain strong discipline around vendor administration (especially around initial account setup) may mask


potential financial or operational risks and complicate future


problem resolution


If products and services important to our operations have


manufacturing defects or do not comply with applicable


government regulations and standards (including product safety


practices), our ability to sell products and provide services


on a timely basis may be negatively impacted. We work with


our suppliers to identify serious product defects (including


safety incidents) and develop appropriate remedial strategies.


Remedial strategies may include a recall of products. To the


extent that a supplier does not actively participate in, and/or


bear primary financial responsibility for, a recall of its products,


our ability to perform such recall program at a reasonable cost


and/or in a timely fashion may be negatively impacted. Any of


the events referred to above could have an adverse effect on


our operations and financial results.


Temporary or permanent operational failures or service interruptions of the networks of other telecommunications carriers and


suppliers on which we rely to deliver services could adversely


affect our ability to provide services using such carriers’ and


suppliers’ networks and could, consequently, have an adverse


effect on our business and financial performance





100 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	9	BUSINESS RISKS	MD&A




 




People







Our employees and contractors are key resources and there is a broad and complex range of risks which must be managed effectively to drive a winning corporate culture and outstanding performance




Our business depends on the efforts, engagement and expertise of our management and non-management employees and contractors, who must be able to operate safely and securely based on the tasks they are completing and the environment in which they are functioning. If we fail to achieve this basic expectation, this could adversely affect our organizational culture, reputation and financial results as well as our ability to attract high-performing team members. Competition for highly skilled team members is intense, which makes the development of approaches to identify and secure high-performing candidates for a broad range of job functions, roles and responsibilities essential. Failure to appropriately train, motivate, remunerate or deploy employees on initiatives that further our strategic imperatives, or to efficiently replace retiring employees, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain talent and drive performance across the organization. The positive engagement of members of our team represented by unions is contingent on negotiating collective agreements which deliver competitive labour conditions and uninterrupted service, both of which are critical to achieving our business objectives. In addition, if the skill sets, diversity and size of the workforce do not match the operational requirements of the business and foster a winning culture, we will likely not be able to sustain our performance.




Other examples of people-related risks include the following:








The increasing technical and operational complexity of our
 
businesses creates a challenging environment for hiring,
 
retaining and developing skilled technical resources






Failure to establish a complete and effective succession plan,
 
including preparation of internal talent and identification of
 
potential external candidates where relevant for key roles, could
 
impair our business until qualified replacements are found






Approximately 45% of our employees are represented by
 
unions and are covered by collective bargaining agreements.
 
Renegotiating collective bargaining agreements could result
 
in higher labour costs, project delays and work disruptions,
 
including work stoppages or work slowdowns, which could
 
adversely affect service to our customers and, in turn, our
 
customer relationships and financial performance.






Ensuring the safety and security of our workforce operating in
 
different environments, including, manholes, telephone poles, cell
 
towers, vehicles, foreign news bureaus and war zones, requires
 
focus, effective processes and flexibility to avoid injury, service
 
interruption, fines and reputational impact






Deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting
 
from staff reductions, ongoing cost reductions or reorganizations could adversely affect our business and financial results






Financial management







If we are unable to raise the capital we need or generate sufficient cash flows from operations, we may need to limit our capital expenditures or our investments in new businesses, or try to raise capital by disposing of assets




Our ability to meet our cash requirements and provide for planned growth depends on having access to adequate sources of capital and on our ability to generate cash flows from operations, which is subject to various risks, including those described in this MD&A.




Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and debt capital markets, as well as the bank credit market. Our ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available depend largely on prevailing market conditions and the outlook for our business and credit ratings at the time capital is raised. Risk factors such as capital market disruptions, sovereign credit concerns in Europe, central bank monetary policies, increased bank capitalization regulations, reduced bank lending in general or fewer banks as a result of reduced activity or consolidation could reduce capital available or increase the cost of such capital. In addition, an increased level of debt borrowings could result in lower credit ratings, increased borrowing costs and a reduction in the amount of funding available to us, including through equity offerings. Business acquisitions could also adversely affect our outlook and credit ratings and have similar adverse consequences. In addition, participants in the public capital and bank credit markets have internal policies limiting their ability to invest in, or extend credit to, any single entity or entity group or a particular industry.




Our bank credit facilities, including credit facilities supporting our commercial paper program, are provided by various financial institutions. While it is our intention to renew certain of such credit facilities from time to time, there are no assurances that these facilities will be renewed on favourable terms or in similar amounts.




Differences between BCE’s actual or anticipated financial results and the published expectations of financial analysts, as well as events affecting our business or operating environment, may contribute to volatility in BCE’s securities. A major decline in the capital markets in general, or an adjustment in the market price or trading volumes of BCE’s securities, may negatively affect our ability to raise capital, issue debt, retain senior executives and other key employees, make strategic acquisitions or enter into joint arrangements.




If we cannot access the capital we need or generate cash flows to implement our business plan or meet our financial obligations on acceptable terms, we may have to limit our ongoing capital expenditures and our investment in new businesses or try to raise additional capital by selling or otherwise disposing of assets. Any of these could have an adverse effect on our cash flows from operations and on our growth prospects.






We cannot guarantee that BCE’s dividend policy will be maintained or that dividends will be declared




The BCE Board reviews from time to time the adequacy of BCE’s dividend policy with the objective of allowing sufficient financial flexibility to continue investing in our business while growing returns to shareholders. Under the current dividend policy, increases in the common share dividend are directly linked to growth in BCE’s free cash flow. BCE’s dividend policy and the declaration of dividends on any of its outstanding shares are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and, consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 101
9	BUSINESS RISKS	MD&A	





dividend policy will be maintained or that dividends will be declared. The declaration of dividends by the BCE Board is ultimately dependent on BCE’s operations and financial results which are, in turn, subject to various assumptions and risks, including those set out in this MD&A.






We are exposed to various credit, liquidity and market risks






Our exposure to credit, liquidity and market risks, including equity price, interest rate and currency fluctuations, is discussed in section 6.6, 
Financial risk management 
in this MD&A and in Note 23 to BCE’s 2015 consolidated financial statements.




Our failure to identify and manage our exposure to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, BCE’s share price and other market conditions could lead to missed opportunities, cash flow shortages, inability to complete planned capital expenditures, reputational damage, stock and debenture devaluations and challenges in raising capital on market-competitive terms.






The economic environment, pension rules or ineffective governance could have an adverse effect on our pension obligations, liquidity and financial performance, and we may be required to increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans in the future




With a large pension plan membership and DB pension plans that are subject to the pressures of the global economic environment and changing regulatory and reporting requirements, our pension obligations are exposed to potential volatility. Failure to recognize and manage economic exposure and pension rule changes or to ensure that effective governance is in place for management and funding of pension plan assets and obligations could have an adverse impact on our liquidity and financial performance.




The funding requirements of our post-employment benefit plans, based on valuations of plan assets and obligations, depend on a number of factors, including actual returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest rates, plan demographics, and applicable regulations and actuarial standards. Changes in these factors could cause future contributions to significantly differ from our current estimates and could require us to increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans in the future and, therefore, could have a negative effect on our liquidity and financial performance.




There is no assurance that the assets of our post-employment benefit plans will earn their assumed rate of return. A substantial portion of our post-employment benefit plans’ assets is invested in public equity and debt securities. As a result, the ability of our post-employment benefit plans’ assets to earn the rate of return that we have assumed significantly depends on the performance of capital markets. Market conditions also impact the discount rate used to calculate our solvency obligations and could therefore also significantly affect our cash funding requirements.




Our expected funding for 2016 is in accordance with the latest post-employment benefit plan valuations as of December 31, 2014, filed in June 2015, and takes into account a voluntary contribution of $250 million in 2015.






Income and commodity tax amounts may materially differ from the expected amounts




Our complex business operations are subject to various tax laws and the adoption of new tax laws, or regulations or rules thereunder, or changes thereto or in the interpretation thereof, could result in higher tax rates, new taxes or other adverse tax implications. In addition, while we believe that we have adequately provided for all income and commodity taxes based on all of the information that is currently available, the calculation of income taxes and the applicability of commodity taxes in many cases require significant judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations. Our tax filings are subject to government audits that could result in material changes to the amount of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities and other liabilities and could, in certain circumstances, result in an assessment of interest and penalties.






The failure to reduce costs as well as unexpected increases in costs could adversely affect our ability to achieve our strategic imperatives and our financial results




Our objectives for targeted cost reductions continue to be aggressive but there is no assurance that we will be successful in reducing costs, especially since incremental cost savings are more difficult to achieve on an ongoing basis. Our cost reduction objectives require aggressive negotiations with our suppliers and there can be no assurance that such negotiations will be successful or that replacement products or services provided will not lead to operational issues.




Examples of risks to our ability to reduce costs or of potential cost increases include:








Achieving timely cost reductions while moving to an IP-based
 
network is dependent on disciplined network decommissioning,
 
which can be delayed by customer contractual commitments,
 
regulatory considerations and other unforeseen obstacles






Fluctuations in energy prices are partly influenced by
 
government policies to address climate change which, combined with growing data demand that increases our energy
 
requirements, could increase our energy costs beyond our
 
current expectations






Failure to successfully deliver on our contractual commitments,
 
whether due to security events, operational challenges or other
 
reasons, may result in financial penalties and loss of revenues








The failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and control fraudulent activities could result in financial loss and brand degradation




As a public company with a range of desirable and valuable products and services and approximately 50,000 employees, fraud requires a disciplined program covering governance, exposure identification and assessment, prevention, detection and reporting that considers corruption, misappropriation of assets and intentional manipulation of financial statements by employees and/or external parties. Fraud events can result in financial loss and brand degradation.




Specific examples relevant to us include:








Subscription fraud on accounts established with a false identity
 
or paid with a stolen credit card






Network usage fraud such as call/sell operations using our
 
wireline or wireless networks






Copyright theft and other forms of unauthorized use that undermine the exclusivity of Bell Media’s content offerings and could
 
potentially divert users to unlicensed or otherwise illegitimate
 
platforms, thus impacting our ability to derive distribution and
 
advertising revenues






TV distributors including Bell TV are subject to ongoing efforts
 
to steal their services through compromise or circumvention of
 
signal security systems, causing revenue loss





102 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	9	BUSINESS RISKS	MD&A




 




Litigation and legal obligations







Legal proceedings, changes in applicable laws and the failure to proactively address our legal and regulatory obligations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance




We become involved in various legal proceedings as part of our business. Plaintiffs within Canada are able to launch and obtain certification of class actions on behalf of a large group of people with increasing ease, and Canadian provincial securities laws facilitate the introduction in Canada of class action lawsuits by secondary market investors against public companies for alleged misrepresentations in public disclosure documents and oral statements. Changes in laws or regulations, or in how they are interpreted, and the adoption of new laws or regulations, as well as pending or future litigation, including an increase in certified class actions which, by their nature, could result in sizeable damage awards and costs relating to litigation, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.




Examples of legal and regulatory obligations that we must comply with include those resulting from:








As discussed in more detail in section 8, 
Regulatory environment
,
 
decisions, policies and other initiatives of the CRTC, ISED, the
 
Competition Bureau and other governmental agencies, as well as
 
laws of a regulatory nature




Consumer protection laws




Tax legislation




Corporate and securities legislation




IFRS requirements




Environmental protection laws






Payment card industry standards for the protection against
 
customer credit card infractions








For a description of the principal legal proceedings involving us, please see the section entitled 
Legal Proceedings 
contained in the BCE 2015 AIF.




Health and environmental concerns







Health concerns about
radiofrequency emissions from wireless communication devices, as well as
epidemics and other health risks, could have an adverse effect on our business




Many studies have been performed or are ongoing to assess whether wireless phones, networks and towers pose a potential health risk. While some studies suggest links to certain conditions, others conclude there is no established causation between mobile phone usage and adverse health effects. ISED is responsible for approving radiofrequency equipment and performing compliance assessments and has chosen Health Canada’s Safety Code 6, which sets the limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency emissions at home or at work, as its exposure standard. This code also outlines safety requirements for the installation and operation of devices that emit radiofrequency fields such as mobile phones, Wi-Fi technologies and base station antennas. ISED has made compliance to Safety Code 6 mandatory for all proponents and operators of radio installations.




Our business is heavily dependent on radiofrequency technologies, which could present significant challenges to our business and financial performance, such as the following:




We face current and potential lawsuits relating to alleged adverse health effects on customers, as well as to our marketing and disclosure practices in connection therewith, and the likely outcome of such lawsuits is unpredictable and may change over time


Changes in scientific evidence and/or public perceptions


could lead to additional government regulations and costs for


retrofitting infrastructure and handsets to achieve compliance


Public concerns could result in a slower deployment of, or in our


inability to deploy, infrastructure necessary to maintain and/or


expand our wireless network as required by market evolution






In addition, epidemics, pandemics and other health risks could also occur, which could adversely affect our ability to maintain operational networks and provide services to our customers. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.






Climate change and other environmental concerns could have an adverse effect on our business






Global climate change could exacerbate certain of the threats facing our business, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events referred to in 
Operational performance – Our operations and business continuity depend on how well we protect, test, maintain and replace our networks, IT systems, equipment and other facilities 
in this section 9. Several areas of our operations further raise environmental considerations, such as fuel storage, greenhouse gas emissions, disposal of hazardous residual materials, and recovery and recycling of end-of-life electronic products we sell or lease. Failure to recognize and adequately respond to changing governmental and public expectations on environmental matters could result in fines, missed opportunities, additional regulatory scrutiny or harm our brand and reputation.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 103
10	FINANCIAL MEASURES, ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CONTROLS	MD&A	





10
  


Financial measures, accounting policies and controls




10.1 Our accounting policies






This section discusses key estimates and assumptions that management has made and how they affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and notes. It also describes key changes in accounting standards and our accounting policies, and how they affect our financial statements.






We have prepared our consolidated financial statements using IFRS. Other significant accounting policies, not involving the same level of measurement uncertainty as those discussed in this section, are nevertheless important to an understanding of our financial statements. See Note 2 to BCE’s 2015 consolidated financial statements for more information about the accounting principles we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements.




Critical accounting estimates and key judgments





When preparing financial statements, management makes estimates and judgments relating to:






reported amounts of revenues and expenses


reported amounts of assets and liabilities


disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities






We base our estimates on a number of factors, including historical experience, current events and actions that the company may undertake in the future, and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to measurement uncertainty and actual results could differ.




We consider the estimates and judgments described in this section to be an important part of understanding our financial statements because they require management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate and judgment were made, and changes to these estimates and judgments could have a material impact on our financial statements and our segments.




Our senior management has reviewed the development and selection of the critical accounting estimates and judgments described in this section with the Audit Committee of the BCE Board.




Any sensitivity analysis included in this section should be used with caution as the changes are hypothetical and the impact of changes in each key assumption may not be linear.




Our more significant estimates and judgments are described below.




ESTIMATES




USEFUL LIVES OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS




We review our estimates of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets on an annual basis and adjust depreciation or amortization on a prospective basis, if needed.




Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of our total assets. Changes in technology or our intended use of these assets, as well as changes in business prospects or economic and industry factors, may cause the estimated useful lives of these assets to change.




The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets are determined by internal asset life studies, which take into account actual and expected future usage, physical wear and tear, replacement history and assumptions about technology evolution. When factors indicate that assets’ useful lives are different from the prior assessment, we depreciate or amortize the remaining carrying value prospectively over the adjusted estimated useful lives.




Change in accounting estimate




In 2014, as part of our ongoing annual review of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets, and to better reflect their useful lives, we increased the lives of certain IT software assets from five years to seven years and reduced the lives of certain network assets, including our CDMA network. The changes have been applied prospectively effective July 1, 2014 and did not have a significant impact on our financial statements.




POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS




The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and OPEBs are determined using actuarial calculations that are based on several assumptions.




Our actuaries perform a valuation at least every three years to determine the actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plan and OPEB obligations. The actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of compensation increase, trends in healthcare costs and expected average remaining years of service of employees.




While we believe that these assumptions are reasonable, differences in actual results or changes in assumptions could materially affect post-employment benefit obligations and future net post-employment benefit plans cost.




We account for differences between actual and expected results in benefit obligations and plan performance in OCI, which are then recognized immediately in the deficit.




The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit plans cost are the discount rate and life expectancy.




A discount rate is used to determine the present value of the future cash flows that we expect will be needed to settle post-employment benefit obligations.




The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments, with maturities matching the estimated cash flows of the post-employment benefit plans. Life



104 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	10	FINANCIAL MEASURES, ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CONTROLS	MD&A





expectancy is based on publicly available Canadian mortality tables and is adjusted for the company’s specific experience.




A lower discount rate and a higher life expectancy result in a higher net post-employment benefit obligation and a higher current service cost.




Sensitivity analysis




The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit obligations and the net post-employment benefit plans cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.





			IMPACT ON NET POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS COST FOR 2015 – INCREASE (DECREASE)	IMPACT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS AT DECEMBER 31, 2015 – INCREASE (DECREASE)
		
		
	CHANGE IN		INCREASE IN		DECREASE IN		INCREASE IN		DECREASE IN	
	ASSUMPTION		ASSUMPTION		ASSUMPTION		ASSUMPTION		ASSUMPTION	
Discount rate	1	%	(148	)	112		(2,783	)	3,178	
Mortality rate	25	%	(66	)	70		(1,386	)	1,477	







IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS




Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or when there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or changes in circumstances, assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows.




Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously recognized impairment losses, other than those attributable to goodwill, are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the asset’s recoverable amount has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.






We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods to test for impairment. These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the number of years used in the cash flow model, and the discount rate. When impairment charges occur they are recorded in 
Other (expense) income
.




In 2015, we recorded an impairment charge of $49 million, of which $38 million was allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets, $9 million to finite-life intangible assets and $2 million to property, plant and equipment. The impairment charge related mainly to our music cash generating unit (CGU) within our Bell Media segment and resulted from revenue and profitability declines from lower viewership and higher TV content costs. The charge was determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGU to its fair value less costs of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGU using both discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models which include five-year cash flow projections from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2020, using a discount rate of 9.0% and a perpetuity growth rate of nil, as well as market multiple data from public companies and market transactions. The carrying value of our music CGU was $171 million at December 31, 2015.




In 2014, we recorded an impairment charge of $105 million, of which $67 million was allocated to property, plant and equipment and $38 million to indefinite-life intangible assets. The impairment charge related mainly to our Conventional TV CGU within our Bell Media segment and resulted from a softness in the overall Canadian TV advertising market and higher TV content costs. The charge was determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGU to its fair value less costs of disposal, based on five-year expected future discounted cash flows from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2019 using a discount rate of 9.5% and a perpetuity growth rate of nil. The carrying value of our conventional TV CGU was $327 million at December 31, 2014.




Goodwill impairment testing




We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of our CGUs or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated and whenever there is an indication that goodwill might be impaired.




A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.




We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or groups of CGUs to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU or groups of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Fair value less costs of disposal is based on estimates of discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods. Cash flows are projected based on past experience, actual operating results and business plans. When the recoverable amount of a CGU or groups of CGUs is less than its carrying value, the recoverable amount is determined for its identifiable assets and liabilities. The excess of the recoverable amount of the CGU or groups of CGUs over the total of the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the recoverable amount of goodwill.




An impairment charge is deducted from earnings for any excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its recoverable amount. For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, BCE’s CGUs or groups of CGUs correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 4 to BCE’s 2015 consolidated financial statements.




Any significant change in each of the estimates used could have a material impact on the calculation of the recoverable amount and resulting impairment charge. As a result, we are unable to reasonably quantify the changes in our overall financial performance if we had used different assumptions.




We cannot predict whether an event that triggers impairment will occur, when it will occur or how it will affect the asset values we have reported.




For the Bell Media group of CGUs, a decrease of (0.3%) in the perpetuity growth rate or an increase of 0.2% in the discount rate, would have resulted in its recoverable amount being equal to its carrying value.




There were no goodwill impairment charges in 2015 or 2014.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 105
10	FINANCIAL MEASURES, ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CONTROLS	MD&A	





DEFERRED TAXES




Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the asset or liability is recovered or settled. Both our current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.




Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates, except where we control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




The amount of deferred tax assets is estimated with consideration given to the timing, sources and amounts of future taxable income.




FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS




Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities accounted for as AFS, derivative financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in the income statements and the statements of comprehensive income. Fair values are estimated by reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data, such as discounted cash flows.




CONTINGENCIES




We become involved in various litigation matters as a part of our business. Pending litigations represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of the loss by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement strategies, based on information that is available at the time.






If the final resolution of a legal or regulatory matter results in a judgment against us or requires us to pay a large settlement, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements in the period in which the judgment or settlement occurs. Any accrual would be charged to earnings and included in 
Trade payables and other liabilities 
or 
Other non-current liabilities
. Any payment as a result of a judgment or cash settlement would be deducted from cash from operating activities.




ONEROUS CONTRACTS




A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of meeting our obligations under a contract exceed the expected benefits to be received from a contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of completing the contract.




JUDGMENTS




POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS




The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit obligations requires judgement. The rate is set by reference to market yields of high quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of each fiscal year. Significant judgement is required when setting the criteria for fixed income investments to be included in the population from which the yield curve is derived. The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the size of the issue and credit quality, along with the identification of outliers, which are excluded.




INCOME TAXES




The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of which could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities. Management believes that it has sufficient amounts accrued for outstanding tax matters based on information that currently is available.




Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities and future tax liabilities to be recognized. In particular, judgment is required when assessing the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax rates are applied.




MULTIPLE ELEMENT ARRANGEMENTS




Determining the amount of revenue to be recognized for multiple element arrangements requires judgment to establish the separately identifiable components and the allocation of the total price between those components.




CASH GENERATING UNITS




The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of annual impairment testing requires judgment.




CONTINGENCIES






We accrue a potential loss if we believe a loss is probable and an outflow of resources is likely and can be reasonably estimated, based on information that is available at the time. Any accrual would be charged to earnings and included in 
Trade payables and other liabilities 
or 
Other non-current liabilities
. Any cash settlement would be deducted from cash from operating activities. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement strategies.




The determination of whether a loss is probable from litigation and whether an outflow of resources is likely requires judgment.




Future changes to accounting standards





The following new or amended standards issued by the IASB have an effective date after December 31, 2015 and have not yet been adopted by BCE.



STANDARD	DESCRIPTION	IMPACT	EFFECTIVE DATE
Amendments to International Accounting Standard (IAS) 16 – Property, Plant and Equipment and IAS 38 – Intangible Assets	Clarifies that a revenue-based approach to calculate depreciation and amortization generally is not appropriate as it does not reflect the consumption of the economic benefits embodied in the related asset.	The amendments to IAS 16 and IAS 38 are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements.	Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2016, applied prospectively.




 



106 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	10	FINANCIAL MEASURES, ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CONTROLS	MD&A




 



STANDARD	DESCRIPTION	IMPACT	EFFECTIVE DATE
Amendments to IFRS 11 – Joint Arrangements	Provides guidance on the accounting for acquisitions of interests in joint operations in which the activity constitutes a business, as defined in IFRS 3 – Business Combinations. The amended standard requires the acquirer to apply all of the principles on accounting for business combinations in IFRS 3 and other IFRSs except for any principles that conflict with IFRS 11.	The amendments to IFRS 11 are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements.	Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2016, applied prospectively.
Amendments to IAS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows	Requires enhanced disclosures about changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, including changes from financing cash flows, changes arising from obtaining or losing control of subsidiaries or other businesses, the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates and changes in fair values.	We are currently evaluating the impact of the amendments to IAS 7 on our financial statements.	Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2017, applied prospectively.
IFRS 15 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers	Establishes principles to record revenues from contracts for the sale of goods or services, unless the contracts are in the scope of IAS 17 – Leases or other IFRSs. Under IFRS 15, revenue is recognized at an amount that reflects the expected consideration receivable in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer, applying the following five steps: 1. Identify the contract with a customer 2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract 3. Determine the transaction price 4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 5. Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation The new standard also provides guidance relating to contract costs and for the measurement and recognition of gains and losses on the sale of certain non-financial assets such as property and equipment. Additional disclosures will also be required under the new standard.	IFRS 15 will principally affect the timing of revenue recognition and how we classify revenues as between product and service, how we account for costs to obtain a contract and contract fulfilment costs. Under multiple element arrangements, although the total revenue recognized during the term of a contract will be largely unaffected, the revenue allocated to a delivered item will no longer be limited to the non-contingent amount, which may accelerate the recognition of revenue ahead of the associated cash inflows. This would result in a change in the upfront classification of revenues to an asset on the balance sheet which would be realized over the term of the contract. Although we have made progress in our implementation of IFRS 15, it is not yet possible to make a reliable estimate of the impact of the new standard on our financial statements as we are required to implement significant changes to our systems and processes across the organization in order to collect the new data requirements, as well as compile historical comparatives. It is expected that the changes will be most pronounced in our Bell Wireless segment.	Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption or a modified retrospective approach.
IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments	Sets out the requirements for recognizing and measuring financial assets, financial liabilities and some contracts to buy and sell non-financial items. IFRS 9 replaces IAS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. The new standard establishes a single classification and measurement approach for financial assets that reflects the business model in which they are managed and their cash flow characteristics. It also provides guidance on an entity’s own credit risk relating to financial liabilities and has modified the hedge accounting model to better link the economics of risk management with its accounting treatment. Additional disclosures will also be required under the new standard.	We are currently evaluating the impact of IFRS 9 on our financial statements.	Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted.
IFRS 16 – Leases	Eliminates the distinction between operating and finance leases for lessees, requiring instead that leases be capitalized by recognizing the present value of the lease payments and showing them either as lease assets (right-of-use assets) or together with property, plant and equipment. If lease payments are made over time, an entity recognizes a financial liability representing its obligation to make future lease payments. A depreciation charge for the lease asset is recorded within operating costs and an interest expense on the lease liability is recorded within finance costs. IFRS 16 does not require a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, nor does it substantially change lease accounting for lessors.	We are currently evaluating the impact of IFRS 16 on our financial statements.	Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019, using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption or a modified retrospective approach, with early adoption permitted if an entity has adopted IFRS 15.




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 107
10	FINANCIAL MEASURES, ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CONTROLS	MD&A	




 




10.2 Non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)







This section describes the non-GAAP financial measures and KPIs we use in this MD&A to explain our financial results. It also provides reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable IFRS financial measures.




Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin





The terms adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.




We define adjusted EBITDA as operating revenues less operating costs, as shown in BCE’s consolidated income statements. Adjusted EBITDA for BCE’s segments is the same as segment profit as reported in Note 4 to BCE’s 2015 consolidated financial statements. We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.




We use adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin to evaluate the performance of our businesses as they reflect their ongoing profitability. We believe that certain investors and analysts use adjusted EBITDA to measure a company’s ability to service debt and to meet other payment obligations or as a common measurement to value companies in the telecommunications industry. We believe that certain investors and analysts also use adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin to evaluate the performance of our businesses. Adjusted EBITDA is also one component in the determination of short-term incentive compensation for all management employees.




Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin have no directly comparable IFRS financial measure. Alternatively, the following table provides a reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted EBITDA.





	2015		2014	
Net earnings	2,730		2,718	
Severance, acquisition and other costs	446		216	
Depreciation	2,890		2,880	
Amortization	530		572	
Finance costs				
Interest expense	909		929	
Interest on post-employment benefit obligations	110		101	
Other expense (income)	12		(42	)
Income taxes	924		929	
Adjusted EBITDA	8,551		8,303	
BCE Operating revenues	21,514		21,042	
Adjusted EBITDA margin	39.7	%	39.5	%





 




Adjusted net earnings and adjusted EPS





The terms adjusted net earnings and adjusted EPS do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.




We define adjusted net earnings as net earnings attributable to common shareholders before severance, acquisition and other costs, net (gains) losses on investments, and early debt redemption costs. We define adjusted EPS as adjusted net earnings per BCE common share.




We use adjusted net earnings and adjusted EPS, and we believe that certain investors and analysts use these measures, among other ones, to assess the performance of our businesses without the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net (gains) losses on investments, and early debt redemption costs, net of tax and NCI. We exclude these items because they affect the comparability of our financial results and could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding these items does not imply they are non-recurring.



108 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	10	FINANCIAL MEASURES, ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CONTROLS	MD&A





The most comparable IFRS financial measures are net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS. The following table is a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS to adjusted net earnings on a consolidated basis and per BCE common share (adjusted EPS), respectively.





	2015	2014
	TOTAL		PER SHARE		TOTAL		PER SHARE	
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders	2,526		2.98		2,363		2.98	
Severance, acquisition and other costs	327		0.38		148		0.18	
Net (gains) losses on investments	(21	)	(0.02	)	(8	)	(0.01	)
Early debt redemption costs	13		0.02		21		0.03	
Adjusted net earnings	2,845		3.36		2,524		3.18	





 




Free cash flow and free cash flow per share





The terms free cash flow and free cash flow per share do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.




As of November 1, 2014, BCE’s free cash flow includes 100% of Bell Aliant’s free cash flow rather than cash dividends received from Bell Aliant. We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities, excluding acquisition and other costs paid (which include significant litigation costs) and voluntary pension funding, less capital expenditures, preferred share dividends and dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI.




Prior to November 1, 2014, free cash flow was defined as cash flows from operating activities, excluding acquisition and other costs paid (which include significant litigation costs) and voluntary pension funding, plus dividends received from Bell Aliant, less capital expenditures, preferred share dividends, dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI and Bell Aliant free cash flow.




We define free cash flow per share as free cash flow divided by the average number of common shares outstanding.




We consider free cash flow and free cash flow per share to be important indicators of the financial strength and performance of our businesses because they show how much cash is available to pay dividends, repay debt and reinvest in our company.




We believe that certain investors and analysts use free cash flow to value a business and its underlying assets. We believe that certain investors and analysts also use free cash flow and free cash flow per share to evaluate the financial strength and performance of our businesses.




The most comparable IFRS financial measure is cash flows from operating activities. The following table is a reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow on a consolidated basis.





	2015		2014	
Cash flows from operating activities	6,274		6,241	
Bell Aliant dividends to BCE	–		95	
Capital expenditures	(3,626	)	(3,717	)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares	(150	)	(134	)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest	(41	)	(145	)
Acquisition and other costs paid	292		131	
Voluntary defined benefit pension plan contribution	250		350	
Bell Aliant free cash flow	–		(77	)
Free cash flow	2,999		2,744	
Average number of common shares outstanding (millions)	847.1		793.7	
Free cash flow per share	3.54		3.46	





 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 109
10	FINANCIAL MEASURES, ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CONTROLS	MD&A	




 




Net debt





The term net debt does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.




We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and 50% of preferred shares, less cash and cash equivalents, as shown in BCE’s consolidated statement of financial position. We include 50% of outstanding preferred shares in our net debt as it is consistent with the treatment by certain credit rating agencies.




We consider net debt to be an important indicator of the company’s financial leverage because it represents the amount of debt that is not covered by available cash and cash equivalents. We believe that certain investors and analysts use net debt to determine a company’s financial leverage. Net debt has no directly comparable IFRS financial measure, but rather is calculated using several asset and liability categories from the statements of financial position, as shown in the following table.





	2015		2014	
Debt due within one year	4,895		3,743	
Long-term debt	15,390		16,355	
50% of outstanding preferred shares	2,002		2,002	
Cash and cash equivalents	(613	)	(566	)
Net debt	21,674		21,534	





 




Net debt leverage ratio





The net debt leverage ratio does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the net debt leverage ratio as a measure of financial leverage.




The net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA.




Adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio





The ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio as a measure of financial health of the company.




The adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio represents adjusted EBITDA divided by net interest expense. Net interest expense represents net interest expense as shown in our statements of cash flows, plus 50% of declared preferred share dividends as shown in our income statements.




KPIs





In addition to the non-GAAP financial measures previously described, we use a number of KPIs to measure the success of our strategic imperatives. These KPIs are not accounting measures and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.





KPI	DEFINITION
Capital intensity	Capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.
ARPU	Average revenue per user or subscriber represents the measurement of certain service revenues divided by the average subscriber base for the specified period.
Churn	Churn is the rate at which existing subscribers cancel their services, expressed as a percentage. Churn is calculated as the number of subscribers disconnected divided by the average subscriber base. It is a measure of monthly customer turnover.
COA	COA is also referred to as subscriber acquisition costs. COA represents the total cost associated with acquiring a customer and includes costs such as hardware discounts, marketing and distribution costs. This measure is expressed per gross activation during the period.
Dividend payout ratio	Dividends paid on common shares divided by free cash flow.





 



110 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	10	FINANCIAL MEASURES, ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CONTROLS	MD&A



 


 




10.3 Effectiveness of internal
controls




 



Disclosure controls and procedures





Our disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under Canadian and
U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified under those laws, and include controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that the information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including BCE’s President and CEO and Executive Vice-President
and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.






As at December 31, 2015, management evaluated, under the
supervision of and with the participation of the CEO and the CFO, the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule
13a-15(e) under the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act
of 1934
, as amended, and under National
Instrument 52-109 – 
Certification of Disclosure
in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
.




Based on that evaluation, the CEO
and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
at December 31, 2015.




Internal control over financial
reporting







Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
,
as amended, and under National Instrument 52-109. Our internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the CEO and
CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with IFRS. However, because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a
timely basis.






Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with
the participation of the CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2015, based on the criteria
established in the 
Internal Control – Integrated
Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).




Based on that evaluation, the CEO
and CFO concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as at December 31, 2015.




There have been no changes during
the year ended December 31, 2015 in our internal control over financial
reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 111




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		STATEMENTS	





Consolidated financial statements






Management’s responsibility for
financial reporting




These financial statements form the
basis for all of the financial information that appears in this annual report.




The financial statements and all of
the information in this annual report are the responsibility of the management
of BCE Inc. (BCE) and have been reviewed and approved by the board of directors.
The board of directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its
financial reporting responsibilities. Deloitte LLP, Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm, have audited the financial statements.




Management has prepared the
financial statements according to International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Under these
principles, management has made certain estimates and assumptions that are
reflected in the financial statements and notes. Management believes that these
financial statements fairly present BCE’s consolidated financial position,
results of operations and cash flows.




Management has a system of internal
controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements
are accurate and complete in all material respects. This is supported by an
internal audit group that reports to the Audit Committee, and includes
communication with employees about policies for ethical business conduct.
Management believes that the internal controls provide reasonable assurance that
our financial records are reliable and form a proper basis for preparing the
financial statements, and that our assets are properly accounted for and
safeguarded.




The board of directors has appointed
an Audit Committee, which is made up of unrelated and independent directors. The
Audit Committee’s responsibilities include reviewing the financial statements
and other information in this annual report, and recommending them to the board
of directors for approval. You will find a description of the Audit Committee’s
other responsibilities on page 158 of this annual report. The internal auditors
and the shareholders’ auditors have free and independent access to the Audit
Committee.



 




(signed) George A. Cope


President and Chief Executive
Officer




(signed) Glen LeBlanc


Executive Vice-President and
Chief Financial Officer




(signed) Thierry Chaumont


Senior Vice-President and
Controller




March 3, 2016



114 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		STATEMENTS







Report of independent registered
public accounting firm




To the Board of Directors and
Shareholders of BCE Inc.




We have audited the accompanying
consolidated financial statements of BCE Inc. and its subsidiaries (the
“Company”), which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as
at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, and the consolidated income
statements, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated
statements of changes in equity, and consolidated statements of cash flows for
the years then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other
explanatory information.






MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Management is responsible for the
preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board, and for such internal control as
management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.






AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY




Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We
conducted our audits in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing
standards and the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we comply with ethical
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material
misstatement.




An audit involves performing
procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the
auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control
relevant to the entity’s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated
financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
the circumstances. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements.




We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained in our audits is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our audit opinion.






OPINION




In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of BCE Inc. and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2015 and December 
31, 2014, and their financial performance and their cash flows for the years
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.






OTHER MATTER






We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the
criteria established in 
Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report
dated March 3, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting.



 




/s/ Deloitte LLP
[1] 





Montréal, Canada

March 3, 2016






(1) 
CPA auditor, CA,
public accountancy permit No. A104630



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 115
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		STATEMENTS	




 




Consolidated income statements



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31						
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS,
EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)	NOTE		2015		2014	
Operating revenues	4		21,514		21,042	
Operating costs	4, 5		(12,963	)	(12,739	)
Severance, acquisition and other
costs	4, 6		(446	)	(216	)
Depreciation	4, 13		(2,890	)	(2,880	)
Amortization	4, 14		(530	)	(572	)
Finance costs						
Interest expense	7		(909	)	(929	)
Interest on post-employment benefit
obligations	21		(110	)	(101	)
Other (expense) income	8		(12	)	42	
Income taxes	9		(924	)	(929	)
Net earnings			2,730		2,718	
Net earnings attributable to:						
Common shareholders			2,526		2,363	
Preferred shareholders			152		137	
Non-controlling interest	29		52		218	
Net earnings			2,730		2,718	
Net earnings per common share						
Basic	10		2.98		2.98	
Diluted	10		2.98		2.97	
Average number of common shares
outstanding – basic (millions)			847.1		793.7	




 




Consolidated
		statements of comprehensive income




 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31						
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)	NOTE		2015		2014	
Net earnings			2,730		2,718	
Other comprehensive income (loss),
net of income taxes						
Items that will be subsequently
reclassified to net earnings						
Net change in value of
available-for-sale (AFS) financial assets, net of income taxes of nil for 2015 and 2014			23		58	
Net change in value of derivatives
designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes of ($2) million and ($13) million
for 2015 and 2014, respectively			1		34	
Items that will not be reclassified
to net earnings						
Actuarial gains (losses) on
post-employment benefit plans, net of income taxes of ($161) million and $253 million
for 2015 and 2014, respectively	21		429		(685	)
Other comprehensive income (loss)			453		(593	)
Total comprehensive income			3,183		2,125	
Total comprehensive income
attributable to:						
Common shareholders			2,977		1,862	
Preferred shareholders			152		137	
Non-controlling interest	29		54		126	
Total comprehensive income			3,183		2,125	



 



116 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		STATEMENTS




 




Consolidated statements of financial
position



 



(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)	NOTE		DECEMBER 31, 2015		DECEMBER 31, 2014	
ASSETS						
Current assets						
Cash			100		142	
Cash equivalents			513		424	
Trade and other receivables	11		3,009		3,069	
Inventory	12		416		333	
Prepaid expenses			393		379	
Other current assets			377		201	
Total current assets			4,808		4,548	
Non-current assets						
Property, plant and equipment	13		21,630		21,327	
Intangible assets	14		11,176		10,224	
Deferred tax assets	9		89		162	
Investments in associates and joint
ventures	3, 15		1,119		776	
Other non-current assets	16		794		875	
Goodwill	17		8,377		8,385	
Total non-current assets			43,185		41,749	
Total assets			47,993		46,297	
LIABILITIES						
Current liabilities						
Trade payables and other liabilities	18		4,287		4,398	
Interest payable			148		145	
Dividends payable			576		534	
Current tax liabilities			86		269	
Debt due within one year	19		4,895		3,743	
Total current liabilities			9,992		9,089	
Non-current liabilities						
Long-term debt	20		15,390		16,355	
Deferred tax liabilities	9		1,824		1,321	
Post-employment benefit obligations	21		2,038		2,772	
Other non-current liabilities	22		1,420		1,521	
Total non-current liabilities			20,672		21,969	
Total liabilities			30,664		31,058	
Commitments and contingencies	27					
EQUITY						
Equity attributable to BCE 
shareholders						
Preferred shares	24, 25		4,004		4,004	
Common shares	24, 25		18,100		16,717	
Contributed surplus	24, 25		1,150		1,141	
Accumulated other comprehensive
income			119		97	
Deficit	24		(6,350	)	(7,013	)
Total equity attributable to BCE 
shareholders			17,023		14,946	
Non-controlling interest	24, 29		306		293	
Total equity			17,329		15,239	
Total liabilities and equity			47,993		46,297	



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 117
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		STATEMENTS	




 




Consolidated statements of changes
in equity



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 (IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)			ATTRIBUTABLE TO BCE SHAREHOLDERS					
								ACCUMU-									
								LATED									
								OTHER						NON-			
						CONTRI-		COMPRE-						CONTROL-			
		PREFERRED		COMMON		BUTED		HENSIVE						LING		TOTAL	
NOTE		SHARES		SHARES		SURPLUS		INCOME		DEFICIT		TOTAL		INTEREST		EQUITY	
Balance at January 1, 2015			4,004		16,717		1,141		97		(7,013	)	14,946		293		15,239	
Net earnings			–		–		–		–		2,678		2,678		52		2,730	
Other comprehensive income			–		–		–		22		429		451		2		453	
Total comprehensive income			–		–		–		22		3,107		3,129		54		3,183	
Common shares issued under employee stock option plan	25		–		96		(7	)	–		–		89		–		89	
Common shares issued under employee savings plan	25		–		128		–		–		–		128		–		128	
Other share-based compensation			–		–		16		–		(53	)	(37	)	–		(37	)
Dividends declared on BCE common and preferred shares			–		–		–		–		(2,365	)	(2,365	)	–		(2,365	)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest			–		–		–		–		–		–		(41	)	(41	)
Common shares issued under bought deal offering	25		–		863		–		–		(26	)	837		–		837	
Common shares issued for the acquisition of Glentel Inc.	3, 25		–		296		–		–		–		296		–		296	
Balance at December 31, 2015			4,004		18,100		1,150		119		(6,350	)	17,023		306		17,329	



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 (IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)			ATTRIBUTABLE TO BCE SHAREHOLDERS					
								ACCUMU-									
								LATED									
								OTHER									
								COMPRE-						NON-			
						CONTRI-		HENSIVE						CONTROL-			
		PREFERRED		COMMON		BUTED		INCOME						LING		TOTAL	
NOTE		SHARES		SHARES		SURPLUS		(LOSS)		DEFICIT		TOTAL		INTEREST		EQUITY	
Balance at January 1, 2014			3,395		13,629		2,615		14		(4,642	)	15,011		1,239		16,250	
Net earnings			–		–		–		–		2,500		2,500		218		2,718	
Other comprehensive (loss) income			–		–		–		90		(591	)	(501	)	(92	)	(593	)
Total comprehensive income			–		–		–		90		1,909		1,999		126		2,125	
Common shares issued under employee stock option plan	25		–		53		(4	)	–		–		49		–		49	
Common shares issued under employee savings plan	25		–		107		–		–		–		107		–		107	
Other share-based compensation			–		–		29		–		(4	)	25		7		32	
Dividends declared on BCE common and preferred shares			–		–		–		–		(2,098	)	(2,098	)	–		(2,098	)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest			–		–		–		–		–		–		(145	)	(145	)
Privatization of Bell Aliant	24, 25		609		2,928		(1,499	)	(7	)	(2,143	)	(112	)	(877	)	(989	)
Privatization transaction costs	24		–		–		–		–		(35	)	(35	)	(5	)	(40	)
Other			–		–		–		–		–		–		(52	)	(52	)
Balance at December 31, 2014			4,004		16,717		1,141		97		(7,013	)	14,946		293		15,239	



 



118 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
		STATEMENTS




 




Consolidated statements of cash
flows



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31						
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)	NOTE		2015		2014	
Cash flows from operating activities						
Net earnings			2,730		2,718	
Adjustments to reconcile net
earnings to cash flows from operating activities						
Severance, acquisition and other
costs	6		446		216	
Depreciation and amortization	13, 14		3,420		3,452	
Post-employment benefit plans cost	21		391		377	
Net interest expense			900		921	
Gains on investments	8		(72	)	(10	)
Income taxes	9		924		929	
Contributions to post-employment
benefit plans	21		(566	)	(683	)
Payments under other post-employment
benefit plans	21		(75	)	(73	)
Severance and other costs paid			(190	)	(190	)
Interest paid			(911	)	(907	)
Income taxes paid (net of refunds)			(672	)	(743	)
Acquisition and other costs paid			(292	)	(131	)
Net change in operating assets and
liabilities			241		365	
Cash flows from operating activities			6,274		6,241	
Cash flows used in investing
activities						
Capital expenditures	4		(3,626	)	(3,717	)
Business acquisitions	3		(311	)	(18	)
Business dispositions	3		409		720	
Acquisition of spectrum licences	14		(535	)	(566	)
Other investing activities			(51	)	11	
Cash flows used in investing
activities			(4,114	)	(3,570	)
Cash flows used in financing
activities						
Increase in notes payable			76		469	
Issue of long-term debt	20		1,498		1,428	
Repayment of long-term debt	20		(2,084	)	(1,113	)
Privatization of Bell Aliant	24		–		(989	)
Issue of common shares	25		952		49	
Common shares issuance cost	25		(35	)	–	
Repurchase of shares for settlement
of share-based payments	26		(138	)	(83	)
Cash dividends paid on common shares			(2,169	)	(1,893	)
Cash dividends paid on preferred
shares			(150	)	(134	)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries
to non-controlling interest			(41	)	(145	)
Other financing activities			(22	)	(29	)
Cash flows used in financing
activities			(2,113	)	(2,440	)
Net decrease in cash			(42	)	(78	)
Cash at beginning of year			142		220	
Cash at end of year			100		142	
Net increase in cash equivalents			89		309	
Cash equivalents at beginning of
year			424		115	
Cash equivalents at end of year			513		424	



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 119
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	





Notes to consolidated financial
statements






We
, 

us
, 
our
, 

BCE 
and 
the
company 
mean, as the context may require,
either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., its subsidiaries, joint arrangements
and associates. 
Bell Aliant 

means, as the context may require, until December 31, 2014, either Bell Aliant
Inc. or, collectively, Bell Aliant Inc., its subsidiaries and associates, or
after December 31, 2014 and up to, and including, June 30, 2015, either Bell 
Aliant Regional Communications Inc. or, collectively, Bell Aliant Regional
Communications Inc., its subsidiaries and associates.




Note 1 Corporate information





BCE is incorporated and domiciled in
Canada. BCE’s head office is located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell,
Verdun, Québec, Canada. BCE is a telecommunications and media company providing
wireless, wireline, Internet and television (TV) services to residential,
business and wholesale customers in Canada. Our Bell Media segment provides conventional,
specialty and pay TV, digital media and radio broadcasting services to customers
across Canada and out-of-home advertising services. The consolidated financial
statements (financial statements) were approved by BCE’s board of directors on
March 3, 2016.




Note 2 Significant accounting
policies







a) Basis of presentation




The financial statements were
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS),
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The financial
statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain
financial instruments that are measured at fair value as described in our
accounting policies.




All amounts are in millions of
Canadian dollars, except where noted.






FUNCTIONAL CURRENCY




The financial statements are
presented in Canadian dollars, the company’s functional currency.




b) Basis of consolidation





We consolidate the financial
statements of all of our subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities we control,
where control is achieved when the company is exposed or has the right to
variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the current
ability to direct the activities of the investee that significantly affect the
investee’s returns.




The results of subsidiaries acquired
during the year are consolidated from the date of acquisition and the results of
subsidiaries sold during the year are deconsolidated from the date of disposal.
Where necessary, adjustments are made to
the financial statements of acquired subsidiaries to conform their accounting
policies to ours. All intercompany transactions, balances, income and expenses
are eliminated on consolidation.




Changes in BCE’s ownership interest
in a subsidiary that do not result in a change of control are accounted for as
equity transactions, with no effect on net earnings or on other comprehensive
income.




c) Revenue recognition





We recognize revenues from the sale
of products or the rendering of services when they are earned; specifically when
all the following conditions are met:








the significant risks and rewards of ownership are
transferred
 
to customers and we retain neither
continuing managerial
 
involvement nor effective
control




there is clear evidence that an
arrangement exists






the amount of revenues and related costs can be
 

measured reliably






it is probable that the economic benefits associated
 

with the transaction will flow to the company






In particular, we recognize:








fees for local, long distance and wireless services
 

when we provide the services






other fees, such as network access fees, licence fees,
 

hosting fees, maintenance fees and standby fees over
 

the term of the contract




subscriber revenues when customers
receive the service






revenues from the sale of equipment when the equipment is
 

delivered and accepted by customers






revenues on long-term contracts as services are provided,
 

equipment is delivered and accepted, and contract milestones
 

are met






advertising revenue, net of agency commissions, when
advertisements are aired on radio or TV, posted on our website or
 

appear on the company’s advertising panels and street furniture





120 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS







We measure revenues at the fair value of the arrangement
consideration. We record payments we receive in advance, including upfront
non-refundable payments, as deferred revenues until we provide the service or
deliver the product to customers. Deferred revenues are presented in 

Trade payables and other liabilities 
or in 

Other non-current liabilities 
on the
consolidated statements of financial position (statements of financial
position).




Revenues are reduced for customer
rebates and allowances and exclude sales and other taxes we collect from our
customers.




We expense subscriber acquisition
costs when the related services are activated.






MULTIPLE ELEMENT ARRANGEMENTS




We enter into arrangements that may
include the sale of a number of products and services together, primarily to our
wireless and business customers. When two or more products or services have
value to our customers on a stand-alone basis, we
separately account for each product or service according to the methods
previously described. The total price to the customer is allocated to each
product or service based on its relative fair value. When an amount allocated to
a delivered item is contingent upon the delivery of additional items or meeting
specified performance conditions, the amount allocated to that delivered item is
limited to the non-contingent amount.




If the conditions to account for
each product or service separately are not met, we recognize revenues
proportionately over the term of the sale agreement.






SUBCONTRACTED SERVICES




We may enter into arrangements with
subcontractors and others who provide services to our customers. When we act as
the principal in these arrangements, we recognize revenues based on the amounts
billed to our customers. Otherwise, we recognize the net amount that we retain
as revenues.




d) Share-based payments





Our share-based payment arrangements
include stock options, restricted share units and performance share units
(RSUs/PSUs), deferred share units (DSUs), an employee savings plan (ESP) and a
deferred share plan (DSP).






STOCK OPTIONS




We use a fair value-based method to
measure the cost of our employee stock options, based on the number of stock
options that are expected to vest. Compensation expense is adjusted for
subsequent changes in management’s estimate of the number of stock options that
are expected to vest.




We credit contributed surplus for
stock option expense recognized over the vesting period. When stock options are
exercised, we credit share capital for the amount received and the amounts
previously credited to contributed surplus.






RSUs/PSUs




For each RSU/PSU granted, we
recognize compensation expense in operating costs on the consolidated income
statements (income statements) equal to the market value of a BCE common share
at the date of grant and based on the number of RSUs/PSUs expected to vest,
recognized over the term of the vesting period, with a corresponding credit to
contributed surplus. Additional RSUs/PSUs are issued to reflect dividends
declared on the common shares.




Compensation expense is adjusted for
subsequent changes in management’s estimate of the number of RSUs/PSUs that are
expected to vest. The effect of these changes is recognized in the period of the
change. Upon settlement of the RSUs/PSUs, any difference between the cost of
shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to contributed
surplus is reflected in the deficit. Vested RSUs/PSUs are settled in BCE common
shares, DSUs or a combination thereof.






DSUs




If compensation is elected to be
taken in DSUs, we issue DSUs equal to the fair value of the services received.
Additional DSUs are issued to reflect dividends declared on the common shares.
DSUs are settled in BCE common shares purchased on the open market following the
cessation of employment or when a director leaves the board. We credit
contributed surplus for the fair value of DSUs at the issue date. Upon
settlement of the DSUs, any difference between the cost of shares purchased on
the open market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in
the deficit.






ESP




We recognize our contributions to
our ESP as compensation expense in operating costs on the income statements.
Employer ESP contributions accrue over a two-year vesting period. We credit
contributed surplus for the ESP expense recognized over the vesting period,
based on management’s estimate of the accrued contributions that are expected to
vest. Upon settlement of shares under the ESP, any difference between the cost
of shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to contributed
surplus is reflected in the deficit.






DSP




For each deferred share granted
under the DSP, we recognize compensation expense in operating costs on the
income statements equal to the market value of a BCE common share and based on
the number of deferred shares expected to vest, recognized over the term of the
vesting period. Additional deferred shares are issued to reflect dividends
declared on the common shares.




Compensation expense is adjusted for
subsequent changes in the market value of BCE common shares and any change in
management’s estimate of the number of deferred shares that are expected to
vest. The cumulative effect of any change in value is recognized in the period
of the change. Participants have the option to receive either BCE common shares
or a cash equivalent for each vested deferred share upon qualifying for payout
under the terms of the grant.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 121
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	




 




e) Income and other taxes





Current and deferred income tax
expense is recognized in the income statements, except to the extent that the
expense relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in
equity.






A current or non-current tax asset (liability) is the
estimated tax receivable (payable) on taxable earnings for the current or past
periods. We also record future tax liabilities, which are included in 

Other non-current liabilities 
in the statements
of financial position.




We use the liability method to
account for deferred tax assets and liabilities, which arise from:








temporary differences between the carrying amount of
assets
 
and liabilities recognized in the statements
of financial position
 
and their corresponding tax
bases






the carryforward of unused tax losses and credits, to the
extent
 
they can be used in the future






Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the asset or
liability is recovered or settled. Both our current and deferred tax assets and
liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have
been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.




Deferred taxes are provided on
temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, joint
arrangements and associates, except where we control the timing of the reversal
of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference
will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




Tax liabilities are, where
permitted, offset against tax assets within the same taxable entity and tax
jurisdiction.






INVESTMENT TAX CREDITS (ITCs), OTHER
TAX CREDITS AND GOVERNMENT GRANTS






We recognize ITCs, other tax credits and government grants
given on eligible expenditures when it is reasonably assured that they will be
realized. They are presented as part of 
Trade
and other receivables 
when they are expected to
be utilized in the next year. We use the cost reduction method to account for
ITCs and government grants, under which the credits are applied against the
expense or asset to which the ITC or government grant relates.




f) Cash equivalents





Cash equivalents are comprised of
highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less from
the date of purchase.




g) Securitization of trade
receivables





Proceeds on the securitization of
trade receivables are recognized as a collateralized borrowing as we do not
transfer control and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to
another entity.




h) Inventory





We measure inventory at the lower of
cost and net realizable value. Inventory includes all costs to purchase, convert
and bring the inventories to their present location and condition. We determine
cost using specific identification for major equipment held for resale and the weighted average cost
formula for all other inventory. We maintain inventory valuation reserves for
inventory that is slow-moving or potentially obsolete, calculated using an
inventory ageing analysis.




i) Property, plant and equipment





We record property, plant and
equipment at historical cost. Historical cost includes expenditures that are
attributable directly to the acquisition or construction of the asset, including
the purchase cost, and labour.






Borrowing costs are capitalized for qualifying assets if
the time to build or develop is in excess of one year at a rate that is based on
our weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt. Gains or
losses on the sale or retirement of property, plant and equipment are recorded
in 
Other (expense) income 

in the income statements.






LEASES




Leases of property, plant and
equipment are recognized as finance leases when we obtain substantially all the
risks and rewards of ownership of the underlying assets. At the inception of the
lease, we record an asset, together with a corresponding long-term lease
liability, at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset or the present
value of the minimum future lease payments. If there is reasonable certainty that the lease transfers
ownership of the asset to us by the end of the lease term, the asset is
amortized over its useful life. Otherwise, the asset is amortized over the
shorter of its useful life and the lease term. The long-term lease liability is
measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.




All other leases are classified as
operating leases. Operating lease payments are expensed on a straight-line basis
over the term of the lease.






ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS




We initially measure and record
asset retirement obligations at management’s best estimate using a present value
methodology, adjusted subsequently for any changes in the timing or amount of
the cash flows and changes in discount rates. We capitalize asset retirement
costs as part of the related assets and amortize them into earnings over time.
We also increase the asset retirement obligation and record a corresponding
amount in interest expense to reflect the passage of time.



122 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 




j) Intangible assets







FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS




Finite-life intangible assets are
carried at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses,
if any.






SOFTWARE




We record internal-use software at
historical cost. Cost includes expenditures that are attributable directly to
the acquisition or development of the software, including the purchase cost, and
labour.




Software development costs are
capitalized when all the following conditions are met:






technical feasibility can be
demonstrated






management has the intent and the ability to complete
 

the asset for use or sale




it is probable that economic
benefits will be generated




costs attributable to the asset can
be measured reliably








CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS




Customer relationship assets are
acquired through business combinations and are recorded at fair value at the
date of acquisition.






PROGRAM AND FEATURE FILM RIGHTS




We account for program and feature
film rights as intangible assets when these assets are acquired for the purpose
of broadcasting. Program and feature film rights, which include producer
advances and licence fees paid in advance of receipt of the program or film, are stated at acquisition cost less
accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Programs and
feature films under licence agreements are recorded as assets for rights
acquired and Iiabilities for obligations incurred when:








the company receives a broadcast master and the cost is
known
 
or reasonably determinable for new program
and feature
 
film licences






the licence term commences for licence period extensions
 

or syndicated programs








Programs and feature films are classified as non-current
assets with related liabilities classified as current or non-current, based on
the payment terms. Amortization of program and feature film rights is recorded
in 
Operating costs 

in the income statements.






INDEFINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS




Brand assets, mainly comprised of
the Bell and Bell Media brands, and broadcast licences are acquired through
business combinations, and are recorded at fair value at the date of
acquisition, less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Wireless spectrum
licences are recorded at acquisition cost, including borrowing costs when the
time to build or develop the related network is in excess of one year.




Currently there are no legal,
regulatory, competitive or other factors that limit the useful lives of our
brands or spectrum licences.




k) Depreciation and amortization





We depreciate property, plant and
equipment and amortize finite-life intangible assets on a straight-line basis
over their estimated useful lives. We review our estimates of useful lives on an
annual basis and adjust depreciation and amortization on a prospective basis, if
needed. Land and assets under construction or development are not depreciated.



	ESTIMATED USEFUL LIFE	
Property, plant and equipment		
Network infrastructure and equipment	2 to 50 years	
Buildings	5 to 50 years	
Finite-life intangible assets		
Software	2 to 12 years	
Customer relationships	6 to 30 years	
Program and feature film rights	Up to 5 years	



 




l) Investments in associates and
joint arrangements







Our financial statements incorporate our share of the
results of our associates and joint ventures using the equity method of
accounting, except when the investment is classified as held for sale. Equity
income from investments is recorded in 
Other
(expense) income 
in the income statements.




Investments in associates and joint
ventures are recognized initially at cost and adjusted thereafter to include the
company’s share of income or loss and comprehensive income on an after-tax
basis. Investments are reviewed for impairment at each reporting period by
comparing their recoverable amount to their carrying amount.




We recognize our share of the
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint operations in accordance
with the related contractual agreements.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 123
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	




 




m) Business combinations and
goodwill







Business combinations are accounted for using the
acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is
measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. Acquisition-related
transaction costs are expensed as incurred and recorded in 

Severance, acquisition and other costs 
in the
income statements.




Identifiable assets and liabilities,
including intangible assets, of acquired businesses are recorded at their fair
values at the date of acquisition. When we acquire control of a business, any
previously-held equity interest also is remeasured to fair value. The excess of
the purchase consideration and any previously-held equity interest 




over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired is
recorded as 
Goodwill 

in the statements of financial position. If the fair value of identifiable net
assets acquired exceeds the purchase consideration and any previously-held
equity interest, the difference is recognized in earnings immediately as a
bargain purchase gain.




Changes in our ownership interest in
subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
transactions. Any difference between the change in the carrying amount of
non-controlling interest (NCI) and the consideration paid or received is
attributed to owner’s equity.




n) Impairment of non-financial
assets





Goodwill and indefinite-life
intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or when there is an
indication that the asset may be impaired. Property, plant and equipment and
finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or changes in
circumstances, assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their carrying
amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets
other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are
separately identifiable cash inflows.




Impairment losses are recognized and
measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their
recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of its fair
value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously recognized
impairment losses, other than those attributable to goodwill, are reviewed for
possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the asset’s recoverable amount
has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.






GOODWILL IMPAIRMENT TESTING




We perform an annual test for
goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of our cash generating units
(CGUs) or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is
an indication that goodwill might be impaired.




A CGU is the smallest identifiable
group of assets that generates cash inflows that are independent of the cash
inflows from other assets or groups of assets.




We identify any potential impairment
by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to its recoverable
amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is the higher of its
fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Fair value less costs of
disposal is based on estimates of discounted future cash flows or other
valuation methods. Cash flows are projected based on past experience, actual
operating results and business plans. When the recoverable amount of a CGU or
group of CGUs is less than its carrying value, the recoverable amount is
determined for its identifiable assets and liabilities. The excess of the
recoverable amount of the CGU or group of CGUs over the total of the amounts
assigned to its assets and liabilities is the recoverable amount of goodwill.




An impairment charge is deducted
from earnings for any excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its
recoverable amount. For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, BCE’s CGUs
or groups of CGUs correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 4, 




Segmented information
.




o) Financial instruments







TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES




Trade and other receivables, which
include trade receivables and other short-term receivables, are measured at
amortized cost using the effective interest method, net of any allowance for
doubtful accounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is established based on
individually significant exposures or on historical trends. Factors considered
when establishing an allowance include current economic conditions, historical
information and the reason for the delay in payment. Amounts considered
uncollectible are written off.






AVAILABLE FOR SALE (AFS) FINANCIAL
ASSETS






Our portfolio investments in equity securities are
classified as AFS and are presented in our statements of financial position as 

Other non-current assets
. They have been
designated as such based on management’s intentions or because they are not
classified in any other categories. These securities are recorded at fair value
on the date of acquisition, including related transaction costs, and are adjusted to fair value at each reporting date. The
corresponding unrealized gains and losses are recorded in other comprehensive
income and are reclassified to 
Other (expense)
income 
in the income statements when realized
or when an impairment is determined.






OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES




Other financial liabilities, which
include trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, obligations imposed
by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC),
interest payable and long-term debt, are recorded at amortized cost using the
effective interest method.






COSTS OF ISSUING DEBT AND EQUITY




The cost of issuing debt is included
as part of long-term debt and is accounted for at amortized cost using the
effective interest method. The cost of issuing equity is reflected in the
consolidated statements of changes in equity as a charge to the deficit.



124 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 




p) Derivative financial instruments





We use derivative financial
instruments to manage interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and cash flow
exposures related to share-based payment plans, capital expenditures, long-term
debt instruments and purchase commitments. We do not use derivative financial
instruments for speculative or trading purposes.






HEDGE ACCOUNTING




To qualify for hedge accounting, we
document the relationship between the derivative and the related identified risk
exposure, and our risk management objective and strategy. This includes
associating each derivative to a specific asset or liability, a specific firm
commitment or a specific anticipated transaction.




We assess the effectiveness of a
derivative in managing an identified risk exposure when hedge accounting is
initially applied, and on an ongoing basis thereafter. If a hedge becomes
ineffective, we stop using hedge accounting.






FAIR VALUE HEDGES






Our fair value hedges consist of interest rate swaps used
to manage the effect of changes in interest rates relating to fixed-rate
long-term debt. These swaps involve exchanging interest payments without
exchanging the notional amount on which the payments are based. We record the
exchange of payments as an adjustment to interest expense on the hedged debt. We
include the related net receivable or payable from counterparties in 

Other current assets 
or 

Trade payables and other liabilities 
for swaps
due within one year and in 
Other non-current assets 

or 
Other non-current liabilities 

for swaps that have a maturity of more than one year. Changes in the fair value
of these derivatives and the related long-term debt are recognized in 

Other (expense) income 
in the income statements
and offset, unless a portion of the hedging relationship is ineffective.






CASH FLOW HEDGES






Our cash flow hedges are used to mitigate foreign currency
risk on certain long-term debt instruments and purchase commitments, as well as
interest rate risk related to future debt issuances. We use foreign currency
forward contracts to manage the exposure to anticipated transactions denominated
in foreign currencies. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are
recognized in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of
comprehensive income), except for any ineffective portion, which is recognized
immediately in earnings. Realized gains and losses in 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
are
reclassified to the income statements in the same periods as the corresponding
hedged items are recognized in earnings. Cash flow hedges that mature within one
year are included in 
Other current assets 

or 
Trade payables and other liabilities
,
whereas hedges that have a maturity of more than one year are included in 

Other non-current assets 
or 


Other non-current liabilities
.






We use cross currency basis swaps to manage our U.S.
dollar borrowings under our unsecured committed term credit facility. Changes in
the fair value of these derivatives and the related credit facility are
recognized in 
Other (expense) income 

in the income statements and offset, unless a portion of the hedging
relationship is ineffective.






DERIVATIVES USED AS ECONOMIC HEDGES






We use derivatives to manage cash flow exposures related
to equity-settled share-based payment plans and capital expenditures, equity
price risk related to a cash-settled share-based payment plan, and interest rate
risk related to preferred share dividend rate resets. As these derivatives do
not qualify for hedge accounting, the changes in their fair value are recorded
in the income statements in 
Operating costs 

for derivatives used to hedge cash-settled share-based payments and in 

Other (expense) income 
for other derivatives.




q) Post-employment benefit plans







DEFINED BENEFIT (DB) AND OTHER
POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT (OPEB) PLANS




We maintain DB pension plans that
provide pension benefits for certain employees. Benefits are based on the
employee’s length of service and average rate of pay during the highest paid
consecutive five years of service. Most employees are not required to contribute
to the plans. Certain plans provide cost of living adjustments to help protect
the income of retired employees against inflation.




We are responsible for adequately
funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various
actuarial cost methods permitted by pension regulatory bodies. Contributions
reflect actuarial assumptions about future investment returns, salary
projections, future service and life expectancy.




We provide OPEBs to some of our
employees, including:








healthcare and life insurance benefits during retirement,
 

which are being phased out over a ten-year period ending on
 

December 31, 2016. We do not fund most of these OPEB plans.






other benefits, including workers’ compensation and
medical
 
benefits to former or inactive employees,
their beneficiaries
 
and dependants, from the time
their employment ends until their
 
retirement
starts, under certain circumstances






We accrue our obligations and
related costs under post-employment benefit plans, net of the fair value of the
benefit plan assets. Pension and OPEB costs are determined using:








the projected unit credit method, prorated on years of
service,
 
which takes into account future pay levels






a discount rate based on market interest rates of
high-quality
 
corporate fixed income investments
with maturities that match
 
the timing of benefits
expected to be paid under the plans






management’s best estimate of pay increases, retirement
ages
 
of employees, expected healthcare costs and
life expectancy






We value post-employment benefit
plan assets at fair value using current market values.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 125
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	







Post-employment benefit plans current service cost is
included in 
Operating costs
.
Interest on our post-employment benefit obligations is recognized in net
earnings and represents the accretion of interest on the net obligations under
the post-employment benefit plans. The interest rate is based on market
conditions that existed at the beginning of the year. Actuarial gains and losses
for all post-employment benefit plans are recorded in other comprehensive income
in the period in which they occur and are recognized immediately in the deficit.




December 31 is the measurement date
for our significant post-employment benefit plans. Our actuaries perform a
valuation at least every three years to determine the actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plan and
OPEB obligations. The most recent actuarial valuation of our significant pension
plans was December 31, 2014.






DEFINED CONTRIBUTION (DC) PENSION
PLANS




We maintain DC pension plans that
provide certain employees with benefits. Under these plans, we are responsible
for contributing a predetermined amount to an employee’s retirement savings,
based on a percentage of the employee’s salary.




We recognize a post-employment
benefit plans service cost for DC pension plans when the employee provides
service to the company, essentially coinciding with our cash contributions.




Generally, new employees can
participate only in the DC pension plans.




r) Provisions





Provisions are recognized when all
the following conditions are met:








the company has a present legal or constructive obligation
 

based on past events






it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will
be
 
required to settle the obligation




the amount can be reasonably
estimated






Provisions are measured at the
present value of the estimated expenditures expected to settle the obligation,
if the effect of the time value of money is material. The present value is
determined using current market assessments of the discount rate and risks
specific to the obligation. The obligation increases as a result of the passage
of time, resulting in interest expense.




s) Estimates and key judgments





When preparing financial statements,
management makes estimates and judgments relating to:






reported amounts of revenues and
expenses




reported amounts of assets and
liabilities




disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities






We base our estimates on a number of
factors, including historical experience, current events and actions that the
company may undertake in the future, and other assumptions that we believe are
reasonable under the circumstances. By their nature, these estimates and
judgments are subject to measurement uncertainty and actual results could
differ. Our more significant estimates and judgments are described below.






ESTIMATES






USEFUL LIVES OF PROPERTY, PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT AND FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS




Property, plant and equipment
represent a significant proportion of our total assets. Changes in technology or
our intended use of these assets, as well as changes in business prospects or
economic and industry factors, may cause the estimated useful lives of these
assets to change.






POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS




The amounts reported in the
financial statements relating to DB pension plans and OPEBs are determined using
actuarial calculations that are based on several assumptions.




The actuarial valuation uses
management’s assumptions for, among other things, the discount rate, life
expectancy, the rate of compensation increase, trends in healthcare costs and
expected average remaining years of service of employees.




The most significant assumptions
used to calculate the net post-employment benefit plans cost are the discount
rate and life expectancy.




The discount rate is based on the
yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments, with
maturities matching the estimated cash flows of the post-employment benefit
plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available Canadian mortality tables
and is adjusted for the company’s specific experience.






IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL
ASSETS




We make a number of estimates when
calculating recoverable amounts using discounted future cash flows or other
valuation methods to test for impairment. These estimates include the assumed
growth rates for future cash flows, the number of years used in the cash flow
model and the discount rate.






DEFERRED TAXES




The amount of deferred tax assets is
estimated with consideration given to the timing, sources and amounts of future
taxable income.






FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS




Certain financial instruments, such
as investments in equity securities, derivative financial instruments and
certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the statements of financial
position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in the income
statements and the statements of comprehensive income. Fair values are estimated
by reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation
techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data,
such as discounted cash flows.



126 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS







CONTINGENCIES




We become involved in various
litigation matters as a part of our business. Pending litigations represent a
potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing
potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement strategies,
based on information that is available at the time.






ONEROUS CONTRACTS




A provision for onerous contracts is
recognized when the unavoidable costs of meeting our obligations under a
contract exceed the expected benefits to be received from a contract. The
provision is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
terminating the contract and the expected net cost of completing the contract.






JUDGMENTS






POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS




The determination of the discount
rate used to value our post-employment benefit obligations requires judgment.
The rate is set by reference to market yields of high-quality corporate fixed
income investments at the beginning of each fiscal year. Significant judgment is
required when setting the criteria for fixed income investments to be included
in the population from which the yield curve is derived. The most significant
criteria considered for the selection of investments include the size of the
issue and credit quality, along with the identification of outliers, which are
excluded.






INCOME TAXES




The calculation of income taxes
requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations. There are
transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of which
could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities.




Management judgment is used to
determine the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities and future tax
liabilities to be recognized. In particular, judgment is required when assessing
the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax
rates are applied.






MULTIPLE ELEMENT ARRANGEMENTS




Determining the amounts of revenue
to be recognized for multiple element arrangements requires judgment to
establish the separately identifiable components and the allocation of the total
price between those components.






CASH GENERATING UNITS




The determination of CGUs or groups
of CGUs for the purpose of annual impairment testing requires judgment.






CONTINGENCIES




The determination of whether a loss
is probable from litigation and whether an outflow of resources is likely
requires judgment.




t) Change in accounting estimate





In 2014, as part of our ongoing
annual review of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible
assets, and to better reflect their useful lives, we increased the lives of
certain information technology (IT) software assets from five to seven years and
reduced the lives of certain network assets, including
our code division multiple access (CDMA) network. The changes have been applied
prospectively effective July 1, 2014 and did not have a significant impact on
our financial statements.




u) Future changes to accounting
standards





The following new or amended
standards issued by the IASB have an effective date after December 31, 2015 and
have not yet been adopted by BCE.



STANDARD		DESCRIPTION		IMPACT		EFFECTIVE DATE	
Amendments to International
Accounting Standard (IAS) 16 – Property, Plant and Equipment and IAS 38 – Intangible
Assets		Clarifies that a revenue-based
approach to calculate depreciation and amortization generally is not appropriate
as it does not reflect the consumption of the economic benefits embodied in the
related asset.		The amendments to IAS 16 and IAS 38
are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements.		Annual periods beginning on or after
January 1, 2016, applied prospectively.	
Amendments to IFRS 11 – Joint
Arrangements		Provides guidance on the accounting
for acquisitions of interests in joint operations in which the activity
constitutes a business, as defined in IFRS 3 – Business Combinations. The amended
standard requires the acquirer to apply all of the principles on accounting for
business combinations in IFRS 3 and other IFRSs except for any principles that
conflict with IFRS 11.		The amendments to IFRS 11 are not
expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements.		Annual periods beginning on or after
January 1, 2016, applied prospectively.	
Amendments to IAS 7 –Statement of
Cash Flows		Requires enhanced disclosures about
changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, including changes from
financing cash flows, changes arising from obtaining or losing control of
subsidiaries or other businesses, the effect of changes in foreign exchange
rates and changes in fair values.		We are currently evaluating the
impact of the amendments to IAS 7 on our financial statements.		Annual periods beginning on or after
January 1, 2017, applied prospectively.	




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 127
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	



 



STANDARD		DESCRIPTION		IMPACT		EFFECTIVE DATE	
IFRS 15 – Revenue from Contracts with
Customers		Establishes principles to record
revenues from contracts for the sale of goods or services, unless the contracts
are in the scope of IAS 17–Leases or other IFRSs. Under IFRS 15, revenue is
recognized at an amount that reflects the expected consideration receivable in
exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer, applying the
following five steps: Identify the
			contract with a customer Identify the
			performance obligations in the contract Determine the
			transaction price Allocate the
			transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract Recognize revenue
			when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation The new standard also provides
guidance relating to contract costs and for the measurement and recognition of
gains and losses on the sale of certain non-financial assets such as property
and equipment. Additional disclosures will also be required under the new
standard.		IFRS 15 will principally affect the
timing of revenue recognition and how we classify revenues between product and
service, how we account for costs to obtain a contract and contract fulfilment
costs. Under multiple element arrangements,
although the total revenue recognized during the term of a contract will be
largely unaffected, the revenue allocated to a delivered item will no longer be
limited to the non-contingent amount, which may accelerate the recognition of
revenue ahead of the associated cash inflows. This would result in a change in
the upfront classification of revenues to an asset on the balance sheet, which
would be realized over the term of the contract. Although we have made progress in
our implementation of IFRS 15, it is not yet possible to make a reliable
estimate of the impact of the new standard on our financial statements, as we
are required to implement significant changes to our systems and processes
across the organization in order to collect the new data requirements, as well
as compile historical comparatives. It is expected that the changes will be most
pronounced in our Bell Wireless segment.		Annual periods beginning on or after
January 1, 2018, using either a full retrospective approach for all periods
presented in the period of adoption or a modified retrospective approach.	
IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments		Sets out the requirements for
recognizing and measuring financial assets, financial liabilities and some
contracts to buy and sell non-financial items. IFRS 9 replaces IAS 39 –Financial
Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. The new standard establishes a single
classification and measurement approach for financial assets that reflects the
business model in which they are managed and their cash flow characteristics. It
also provides guidance on an entity’s own credit risk relating to financial
liabilities and has modified the hedge accounting model to better link the
economics of risk management with its accounting treatment. Additional
disclosures will also be required under the new standard.		We are currently evaluating the
impact of IFRS 9 on our financial statements.		Annual periods beginning on or after
January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted.	
IFRS 16 – Leases		Eliminates the distinction between
operating and finance leases for lessees, requiring instead that leases be
capitalized by recognizing the present value of the lease payments and showing
them either as lease assets (right-of-use assets) or together with property,
plant and equipment. If lease payments are made over time, an entity recognizes
a financial liability representing its obligation to make future lease payments.
A depreciation charge for the lease asset is recorded within operating costs and
an interest expense on the lease liability is recorded within finance costs. IFRS 16 does not require a lessee to
recognize assets and liabilities for short-term leases and leases of low-value
assets, nor does it substantially change lease accounting for lessors.		We are currently evaluating the
impact of IFRS 16 on our financial statements.		Annual periods beginning on or after
January 1, 2019, using either a full retrospective approach for all periods
presented in the period of adoption or a modified retrospective approach, with
early adoption permitted if an entity has adopted IFRS 15.	




 



128 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 




Note 3 Business acquisitions and
dispositions





Glentel




On May 20, 2015, BCE completed the
acquisition of all of Glentel Inc.’s (Glentel) issued and outstanding common
shares for a total consideration of $592 million, of which $296 million ($284
million, net of cash on hand) was paid in cash and the balance through the
issuance of 5,548,908 BCE common shares. Immediately following the closing of
the acquisition, BCE repaid Glentel’s outstanding debt in the amount of
approximately $112 million and contributed $53 million in exchange for
additional Glentel common shares.




Subsequently, also on May 20, 2015
and further to an agreement dated December 24, 2014, BCE divested 50% of its
ownership interest in Glentel to Rogers Communications Inc. for a total cash
 consideration of approximately $473 million ($407 million,
net of divested cash and transaction costs). The resulting gain of $94 million
is recorded in 
Other (expense) income
.
Our remaining investment in Glentel is $379 million and is recorded in 

Investments in associates and joint ventures
.




Glentel is a Canadian-based
dual-carrier, multi-brand mobile products distributor. The transaction is part
of our strategy to accelerate wireless and improve customer service. BCE 
accounts for its investment in Glentel as a joint venture using the equity
method.




National expansion of HBO and The
		Movie Network (TMN)





On November 19, 2015, BCE announced
a transaction with Corus Entertainment Inc. (Corus) whereby Bell Media would pay
Corus a total consideration of $211 million for Corus to waive its HBO content
rights in Canada and wind down operations of its Movie Central and Encore Avenue
pay TV services in Western and Northern Canada, thereby allowing Bell Media to
become the sole operator of HBO Canada nationally across all platforms and to
expand TMN into a national pay TV service. Bell Media paid a deposit of $21
million to Corus in 2015.




Subsequent to year end, Bell Media
completed the final payment of $190 million, which will be recorded in our
consolidated statements of cash flows in the first quarter of 2016. TMN was
successfully launched nationally on March 1, 2016 and Movie Central and Encore
Avenue’s operations ceased on the same day at which point the transaction was
recorded in our consolidated statements of financial position. The transaction
is part of our strategy to create, negotiate and deliver premium TV programming
to Canadian consumers across more platforms on a national basis.




Sale of Astral radio stations and TV
services





As a result of BCE’s acquisition of
Astral Media Inc. (Astral) on July 5, 2013 and consistent with the CRTC’s Common
Ownership Policy for radio, BCE was required to sell ten Bell Media and Astral
English-language radio stations. BCE also was required to sell eleven Astral TV
services in order to comply with conditions attached to the Competition Bureau
and CRTC approvals.




In 2014, we completed the sale of
the radio stations and TV services for total proceeds of $720 million.




Note 4 Segmented information







The accounting policies used in our segment reporting are
the same as those we describe in Note 2, 

Significant accounting policies
. Beginning
January 1, 2015, our results are reported in three segments:
 Bell Wireless
, 

Bell Wireline 
and 

Bell Media
. Due to the privatization of Bell 
Aliant in 2014 as outlined in Note 24, 

Privatization of Bell Aliant
, the results of
our former Bell Aliant segment are included within our Bell Wireless and Bell 
Wireline segments, with prior periods reclassified for comparative purposes.
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets of our former Bell Aliant segment
are now primarily included in the Bell Wireline segment. Our segments reflect
how we manage our business and how we classify our operations for planning and
measuring performance. Accordingly, we operate and manage our segments as
strategic business units organized by products and services. Segments negotiate
sales with each other as if they were unrelated parties.




We measure the performance of each
segment based on segment profit, which is equal to operating revenues less
operating costs for the segment. We report severance, acquisition and other
costs and depreciation and amortization by segment for external reporting
purposes. Substantially all of our finance costs and other (expense) income are
managed on a corporate basis and, accordingly, are not reflected in segment
results.




Our operations and virtually all of
our assets are located in Canada. Below is a description of our segments at
December 31, 2015: 




Our Bell Wireless segment provides wireless voice and data
communication products and services to our residential, small and medium-sized
business and large enterprise customers across Canada.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 129
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	





Our Bell Wireline segment provides
data, including Internet access and IPTV, local telephone, long distance, as
well as other communications services and products to our residential, small and
medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario,
Québec and the Atlantic provinces, while Satellite TV service and connectivity
to business customers are available nationally across Canada. In addition, this segment
includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long
distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers.




Our Bell Media segment provides
conventional, specialty and pay TV, digital media, and radio broadcasting
services to customers across Canada and out-of-home advertising services.




Segmented information



 



									INTER-SEGMENT			
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015	NOTE		BELL WIRELESS		BELL WIRELINE		BELL MEDIA		ELIMINATIONS		BCE	
Operating revenues												
External customers			6,836		12,043		2,635		–		21,514	
Inter-segment			40		215		339		(594	)	–	
Total operating revenues			6,876		12,258		2,974		(594	)	21,514	
Operating costs	5		(4,048	)	(7,258	)	(2,251	)	594		(12,963	)
Segment profit (1)			2,828		5,000		723		–		8,551	
Severance, acquisition and other
costs	6		(16	)	(363	)	(67	)	–		(446	)
Depreciation and amortization	13, 14		(503	)	(2,785	)	(132	)	–		(3,420	)
Finance costs												
Interest expense	7										(909	)
Interest on post-employment benefit obligations	21										(110	)
Other expense	8										(12	)
Income taxes	9										(924	)
Net earnings											2,730	
Goodwill	17		2,303		3,491		2,583		–		8,377	
Indefinite-life intangible assets	14		3,597		1,685		2,652		–		7,934	
Capital expenditures			716		2,809		101		–		3,626	



 



(1)	The chief operating
decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess
performance, being operating revenues less operating costs.





 



									INTER-SEGMENT ELIMINATIONS			
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014	NOTE		BELL WIRELESS		BELL WIRELINE		BELL MEDIA			BCE	
Operating revenues												
External customers			6,289		12,111		2,642		–		21,042	
Inter-segment			38		213		295		(546	)	–	
Total operating revenues			6,327		12,324		2,937		(546	)	21,042	
Operating costs	5		(3,703	)	(7,379	)	(2,203	)	546		(12,739	)
Segment profit (1)			2,624		4,945		734		–		8,303	
Severance, acquisition and other
costs	6		(5	)	(165	)	(46	)	–		(216	)
Depreciation and amortization	13, 14		(545	)	(2,781	)	(126	)	–		(3,452	)
Finance costs												
Interest expense	7										(929	)
Interest on post-employment benefit obligations	21										(101	)
Other income	8										42	
Income taxes	9										(929	)
Net earnings											2,718	
Goodwill	17		2,302		3,491		2,592		–		8,385	
Indefinite-life intangible assets	14		3,033		1,685		2,680		–		7,398	
Capital expenditures			687		2,893		137		–		3,717	



 



(1)	The chief operating
decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess
performance, being operating revenues less operating costs.




 



130 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 




Revenues by product




 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Wireless	6,246		5,806	
Data	7,163		6,978	
Local and access	3,271		3,420	
Long distance	831		922	
Media	2,635		2,642	
Equipment and other (1)	1,368		1,274	
Total operating revenues (2)	21,514		21,042	



 



(1)	Includes wireless
product revenues of $590 million and $483 million in 2015 and 2014,
respectively.
(2)	Due to the
privatization of Bell Aliant, as outlined in Note 24, Privatization of Bell Aliant , we have
reclassified amounts for the prior year to make them consistent with the
presentation for the current year.





 




Note 5 Operating costs




 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE		2015		2014	
Labour costs						
Wages, salaries and related taxes
and benefits			(4,224	)	(4,351	)
Post-employment benefit plans
service cost (net of capitalized amounts)	21		(281	)	(276	)
Other labour costs (1)			(949	)	(957	)
Less:						
Capitalized labour			954		1,002	
Total labour costs			(4,500	)	(4,582	)
Cost of revenues (2)			(6,598	)	(6,265	)
Other operating costs (3)			(1,865	)	(1,892	)
Total operating costs			(12,963	)	(12,739	)



 



(1)	Other labour costs
include contractor and outsourcing costs.
(2)	Cost of revenues
includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content
costs, and payments to other carriers.
(3)	Other operating costs
include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense,
taxes other than income taxes, information technology costs, professional
service fees and rent.





 Research and development expenses of
$134 million and $167 million are included in operating costs for 2015 and 2014,
respectively.




Note 6 Severance, acquisition and
other costs



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Severance	(197	)	(82	)
Acquisition and other	(249	)	(134	)
Total severance, acquisition and
other costs	(446	)	(216	)







Severance costs




Severance costs consist of charges
related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations. Severance in 2015
includes costs related to workforce reduction initiatives incurred in our Bell 
Media and Bell Wireline segments to confront changing consumer preferences, new
TV unbundling rules, a soft business market as a result of the economy and
declines in home phone subscribers.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 131
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	




 




Acquisition and other costs







Acquisition and other costs consist of transaction costs,
such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed or potential
acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business,
the costs to integrate acquired companies into our operations and litigation
costs, when they are significant. Acquisition costs also include severance and
integration costs relating to the privatization of Bell Aliant. Refer to Note
24, 
Privatization of Bell Aliant
.






SIGNAL PIRACY LITIGATION




On August 31, 2005, a motion to
institute legal proceedings was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell 
ExpressVu Limited Partnership (Bell ExpressVu) by Vidéotron ltée, Vidéotron
(Régional) ltée and CF Cable TV Inc. (a subsidiary of Vidéotron ltée). The claim
was for an initial amount of $374 million in damages, plus interest and costs.
In the statement of claim, the plaintiffs alleged that Bell ExpressVu had failed
to adequately protect its system against satellite signal piracy, thereby
depriving the plaintiffs of subscribers who, but for their alleged ability to
pirate Bell ExpressVu’s signal, would have subscribed to the plaintiffs’
services. On July 23, 2012, the Superior Court issued a judgment pursuant to
which it did not find Bell ExpressVu at fault in its overall efforts to fight signal
piracy but concluded that the complete smart card swap it undertook should have
been completed earlier. In this regard, the court granted the plaintiffs damages
of $339,000, plus interest and costs. The plaintiffs appealed to the Québec
Court of Appeal the quantum of damages awarded by the trial judge and sought
revised damages in the amount of $164.5 million, plus costs, interest and an
additional indemnity. Bell ExpressVu also filed an appeal of the lower court
decision on its finding of liability.




On March 6, 2015, the Québec Court
of Appeal reversed the judgment of the lower court regarding the quantum of
damages, granting plaintiffs damages of $82 million, plus interest and costs. A
charge of $137 million was recorded in Q1 2015 and was included in acquisition
and other costs.






On October 15, 2015, the Supreme Court of Canada dismissed
Bell ExpressVu’s application for leave to appeal the Québec Court of Appeal’s
judgment. Accordingly, the aggregate amount of $141.6 million, including
interest and costs, was paid by Bell ExpressVu on October 19, 2015 in full
satisfaction of the judgment as rendered by the Québec Court of Appeal and was
recorded in 
Acquisition and other costs paid 

in the statements of cash flows.




Note 7 Interest expense



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Interest expense on long-term debt	(875	)	(865	)
Interest expense on other debt	(84	)	(97	)
Capitalized interest	50		33	
Total interest expense	(909	)	(929	)





Interest expense on long-term debt
includes interest on finance leases of $161 million and $166 million for 2015
and 2014, respectively.




Capitalized interest was calculated
using an average rate of 4.08% and 4.49% for 2015 and 2014, respectively, which
represents the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt.




Note 8 Other (expense) income



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE		2015		2014	
Losses on disposal/retirement of
software, plant and equipment			(55	)	(51	)
Impairment of assets	13, 14		(49	)	(105	)
Equity (losses) income from
investments in associates and joint ventures	15					
Loss on investment			(54	)	–	
Operations			5		(12	)
Early debt redemption costs	20		(18	)	(29	)
Gains on investments	3		72		10	
Net mark-to-market gains on
derivatives used as economic hedges			54		134	
Dividend income from assets held for
sale	3		–		42	
Other			33		53	
Total other (expense) income			(12	)	42	




 



132 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 




Impairment of assets





In 2015, we recorded an impairment
charge of $49 million, of which $38 million was allocated to indefinite-life
intangible assets, $9 million to finite-life intangible assets and $2 million to
property, plant and equipment. The impairment charge related mainly to our music
CGU within our Bell Media segment and resulted from revenue and profitability
declines from lower viewership and higher TV content costs. The charge was
determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGU to its fair value less
costs of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGU using both discounted
cash flows and market-based valuation models which include five-year cash flow
projections from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of
January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2020, using a discount rate of 9.0% and a
perpetuity growth rate of nil, as well as market multiple data from public
companies and market transactions. The carrying value of our music CGU was $171
million at December 31, 2015.




In 2014, we recorded an impairment
charge of $105 million, of which $67 million was allocated to property, plant
and equipment and $38 million to indefinite-life intangible assets. The
impairment charge related mainly to our conventional TV CGU within our Bell 
Media segment and resulted from a softness in the overall Canadian TV
advertising market and higher TV content costs. The charge was determined by
comparing the carrying value of the CGU to its fair value less costs of
disposal, based on five-year expected future discounted cash flows from business
plans reviewed by senior management for the period of January 1, 2015 to
December 31, 2019 using a discount rate of 9.5% and a perpetuity growth rate of
nil The carrying value of our conventional TV CGU was $327 million at December 
31, 2014.




Equity (losses) income from
investments in associates and joint ventures





In 2015, we recorded a loss on
investment of $54 million, representing equity losses on our share of an
obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s
joint ventures. The obligation is marked to market each reporting
period and the gain or loss on investment is recorded as equity gains or losses
from investments in associates and joint ventures.




Gains on investments







In 2015, BCE recognized a gain of $94 million as a result
of its divestiture of its 50% ownership in Glentel to Rogers Communications Inc.
Refer to Note 3, 
Business acquisitions and
dispositions
. Additionally, 


BCE recognized a $22 million loss on
investments, which includes a loss on the sale of a call centre subsidiary, as
well as a write down of the fair value of a financial asset related to one of
our equity investments.




Note 9 Income taxes





The following table shows the
significant components of income taxes deducted from net earnings.



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Current taxes				
Current taxes	(687	)	(789	)
Resolution of uncertain tax
positions	27		1	
Change in estimate relating to prior
periods	114		93	
Utilization of previously
unrecognized tax credits	5		23	
Deferred taxes				
Deferred taxes relating to the
origination and reversal of temporary differences	(271	)	(165	)
Change in estimate relating to prior
periods	(106	)	(82	)
Recognition and utilization of loss
carryforwards	(14	)	(10	)
Effect of change in provincial
corporate tax rate	(6	)	–	
Resolution of uncertain tax
positions	14		–	
Total income taxes	(924	)	(929	)




 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 133
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	




 




The following table reconciles the
amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with income taxes
calculated at a statutory income tax rate of 26.9% and 26.6% for 2015 and 2014,
respectively.



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Net earnings	2,730		2,718	
Add back income taxes	924		929	
Earnings before income taxes	3,654		3,647	
Applicable statutory tax rate	26.9	%	26.6	%
Income taxes computed at applicable
statutory rates	(983	)	(970	)
Non-taxable portion of gains on
investments	26		4	
Resolution of uncertain tax
positions	41		1	
Utilization of previously
unrecognized tax credits	5		23	
Effect of change in provincial
corporate tax rate	(6	)	–	
Change in estimate relating to prior
periods	8		11	
Other	(15	)	2	
Total income taxes	(924	)	(929	)
Average effective tax rate	25.3	%	25.5	%





The following table shows aggregate
current and deferred taxes relating to items recognized outside the income
statements.



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
	OTHER				OTHER			
	COMPREHENSIVE				COMPREHENSIVE			
	INCOME		DEFICIT		INCOME		DEFICIT	
Current taxes	29		19		12		8	
Deferred taxes	(192	)	(3	)	228		11	
Total income tax (expense) recovery	(163	)	16		240		19	





The following table shows deferred
taxes resulting from temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities recognized in the statements of financial position and
their corresponding tax basis, as well as tax loss carryforwards.



							PROPERTY,									
							PLANT AND									
	NON-		POST-				EQUIPMENT									
	CAPITAL		EMPLOY-		INDEFINITE-		AND									
	LOSS		MENT		LIFE		FINITE-LIFE				CRTC					
	CARRY-		BENEFIT		INTANGIBLE		INTANGIBLE		INVESTMENT		TANGIBLE					
NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY	FORWARD		PLANS		ASSETS		ASSETS		TAX CREDITS		BENEFITS		OTHER		TOTAL	
January 1, 2014	36		547		(1,521	)	(601	)	(21	)	93		314		(1,153	)
Income statement	(10	)	(75	)	(33	)	(98	)	14		(18	)	(37	)	(257	)
Other comprehensive loss	–		242		–		–		–		–		(14	)	228	
Deficit	–		–		–		–		–		–		11		11	
Other	–		–		–		–		–		–		12		12	
December 31, 2014	26		714		(1,554	)	(699	)	(7	)	75		286		(1,159	)
Income statement	(14	)	(4	)	(64	)	(268	)	1		(14	)	(20	)	(383	)
Business acquisition	–		–		(1	)	–		–		–		–		(1	)
Business disposition	–		–		–		(1	)	–		–		–		(1	)
Other comprehensive income	–		(190	)	–		–		–		–		(2	)	(192	)
Deficit	–		–		–		–		–		–		(3	)	(3	)
Other	–		–		–		–		–		–		4		4	
December 31, 2015	12		520		(1,619	)	(968	)	(6	)	61		265		(1,735	)





At December 31, 2015, BCE had $197
million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:




recognized a deferred tax
asset of $12 million, of which $4 million related to Bell Media, for $44 million
of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital loss carryforwards
expire in varying annual amounts from 2030 to 2035.


did not recognize a
deferred tax asset for $153 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This
balance expires in varying annual amounts from 2023 to 2034.






At December 31, 2015, BCE had $783
million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward
indefinitely.



134 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS





At December 31, 2014, BCE had $212
million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:




recognized a deferred tax
asset of $26 million, of which $14 million related to Bell Media, for $99
million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital loss
carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2029 to 2034.


did not recognize a
deferred tax asset for $113 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This
balance expires in varying annual amounts from 2026 to 2032.






At December 31, 2014, BCE had $766
million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward
indefinitely.




Note 10 Earnings per share





The following table shows the
components used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common
share for earnings attributable to common shareholders.



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Net earnings attributable to common
shareholders – basic	2,526		2,363	
Dividends declared per common share
(in dollars)	2.60		2.47	
Weighted average number of common
shares outstanding (in millions)				
Weighted average number of common
shares outstanding – basic	847.1		793.7	
Assumed exercise of stock options (1)	1.2		0.9	
Weighted average number of common
shares outstanding – diluted (in millions)	848.3		794.6	



 



(1)	The calculation of the
assumed exercise of stock options includes the effect of the average
unrecognized future compensation cost of dilutive options. It excludes options
for which the exercise price is higher than the average market value of a BCE 
common share. The number of excluded options was 2,779,299 in 2015 and 2,871,730
in 2014.




 




Note 11 Trade and other receivables



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE		2015		2014	
Trade receivables (1)			2,969		3,068	
Allowance for doubtful accounts	23		(64	)	(69	)
Allowance for revenue adjustments			(75	)	(86	)
Current tax receivable			90		87	
Other accounts receivable			89		69	
Total trade and other receivables			3,009		3,069	



 



(1)	The details of
securitized trade receivables are set out in Note 19, Debt due within one year .




 




Note 12 Inventory



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Work in progress	66		57	
Finished goods	368		297	
Provision	(18	)	(21	)
Total inventory	416		333	





The total amount of inventory
subsequently recognized as an expense in cost of revenues was $2,689 million and
$2,421 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 135
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	




 




Note 13 Property, plant and
equipment



 



			NETWORK							
			INFRASTRUCTURE		LAND AND		ASSETS UNDER			
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015	NOTE		AND EQUIPMENT		BUILDINGS		CONSTRUCTION		TOTAL	(1)
COST										
January 1, 2015			54,968		5,100		1,427		61,495	
Additions			2,145		68		1,525		3,738	
Acquisition through business
combinations			1		–		–		1	
Transfers			1,112		44		(1,661	)	(505	)
Retirements and disposals			(991	)	(38	)	(4	)	(1,033	)
Impairment losses recognized in
earnings	8		(2	)	–		–		(2	)
December 31, 2015			57,233		5,174		1,287		63,694	
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION										
January 1, 2015			37,461		2,707		–		40,168	
Depreciation			2,698		192		–		2,890	
Retirements and disposals			(937	)	(24	)	–		(961	)
Other			(39	)	6		–		(33	)
December 31, 2015			39,183		2,881		–		42,064	
NET CARRYING AMOUNT										
January 1, 2015			17,507		2,393		1,427		21,327	
December 31, 2015			18,050		2,293		1,287		21,630	



 



(1)	Includes assets under
finance leases.




 



			NETWORK							
			INFRASTRUCTURE		LAND AND		ASSETS UNDER			
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014	NOTE		AND EQUIPMENT		BUILDINGS		CONSTRUCTION		TOTAL	(1)
COST										
January 1, 2014			54,674		4,996		1,276		60,946	
Additions			2,150		84		1,640		3,874	
Acquisition through business
combinations			2		–		–		2	
Transfers			1,108		67		(1,487	)	(312	)
Retirements and disposals			(2,923	)	(23	)	(2	)	(2,948	)
Impairment losses recognized in
earnings	8		(43	)	(24	)	–		(67	)
December 31, 2014			54,968		5,100		1,427		61,495	
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION										
January 1, 2014			37,665		2,538		–		40,203	
Depreciation			2,690		190		–		2,880	
Retirements and disposals			(2,868	)	(19	)	–		(2,887	)
Other			(26	)	(2	)	–		(28	)
December 31, 2014			37,461		2,707		–		40,168	
NET CARRYING AMOUNT										
January 1, 2014			17,009		2,458		1,276		20,743	
December 31, 2014			17,507		2,393		1,427		21,327	



 



(1)	Includes assets under
finance leases.




 



136 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 




Finance leases





BCE’s significant finance leases are
for satellites and office premises. The office leases have a typical lease term
of 25 years. The leases for satellites, used to provide programming to our Bell 
TV customers, have a term of 15 years.




The following table shows additions
to and the net carrying amount of assets under finance leases.



	ADDITIONS		NET CARRYING AMOUNT	
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014		2015		2014	
Network infrastructure and equipment	418		317		1,677		1,605	
Land and buildings	8		12		484		519	
Total	426		329		2,161		2,124	





The following table provides a
reconciliation of our minimum future lease payments to the present value of our
finance lease obligations.



													THERE-			
AT DECEMBER 31, 2015	NOTE		2016		2017		2018		2019		2020		AFTER		TOTAL	
Minimum future lease payments	23		544		484		337		261		240		1,199		3,065	
Less:																
Future finance costs			(139	)	(125	)	(111	)	(98	)	(86	)	(246	)	(805	)
Present value of future lease
obligations			405		359		226		163		154		953		2,260	



 




Note 14 Intangible assets



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015			FINITE-LIFE				INDEFINITE-LIFE			
				CUSTOMER		PROGRAM								SPECTRUM						TOTAL	
				RELATION-		AND FEATURE								AND OTHER		BROADCAST				INTANGIBLE	
NOTE		SOFTWARE		SHIPS		FILM RIGHTS		OTHER		TOTAL		BRAND		LICENCES (1)		LICENCES		TOTAL		ASSETS	
COST																						
January 1, 2015			6,298		865		524		287		7,974		2,333		2,693		2,372		7,398		15,372	
Additions (1)			345		–		917		52		1,314		–		566		–		566		1,880	
Acquired through business combination			–		–		–		–		–		–		10		–		10		10	
Transfers			519		–		–		–		519		–		–		–		–		519	
Retirements and disposals			(256	)	1		–		(5	)	(260	)	–		(2	)	–		(2	)	(262	)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings	8		–		–		–		(9	)	(9	)	–		–		(38	)	(38	)	(47	)
Amortization included in operating costs			–		–		(864	)	–		(864	)	–		–		–		–		(864	)
December 31, 2015			6,906		866		577		325		8,674		2,333		3,267		2,334		7,934		16,608	
ACCUMULATED AMORTIZATION																						
January 1, 2015			4,606		419		–		123		5,148		–		–		–		–		5,148	
Amortization			460		46		–		24		530		–		–		–		–		530	
Retirements and disposals			(245	)	1		–		(5	)	(249	)	–		–		–		–		(249	)
Other			3		–		–		–		3		–		–		–		–		3	
December 31, 2015			4,824		466		–		142		5,432		–		–		–		–		5,432	
NET CARRYING AMOUNT																						
January 1, 2015			1,692		446		524		164		2,826		2,333		2,693		2,372		7,398		10,224	
December 31, 2015			2,082		400		577		183		3,242		2,333		3,267		2,334		7,934		11,176	



 



(1)	On April 21, 2015,
Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) acquired advanced wireless services –3
(AWS-3) wireless spectrum in key urban and rural markets comprised of 13
licences for 169 million Megahertz per Population (MHz-POP) of AWS-3 spectrum
for $500 million. On May 12, 2015, Bell Mobility acquired an additional 243
million MHz-POP of 2500 Megahertz (MHz) wireless spectrum for $29 million.





 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 137
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014			FINITE-LIFE				INDEFINITE-LIFE			
				CUSTOMER		PROGRAM								SPECTRUM						TOTAL	
				RELATION-		AND FEATURE								AND OTHER		BROADCAST				INTANGIBLE	
NOTE		SOFTWARE		SHIPS		FILM RIGHTS		OTHER		TOTAL		BRAND		LICENCES (1)		LICENCES		TOTAL		ASSETS	
COST																						
January 1, 2014			6,041		865		389		293		7,588		2,344		2,132		2,389		6,865		14,453	
Additions (1)			271		–		885		–		1,156		–		578		–		578		1,734	
Transfers			322		–		–		(6	)	316		–		–		–		–		316	
Retirements and disposals			(336	)	–		–		–		(336	)	–		(7	)	–		(7	)	(343	)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings	8		–		–		–		–		–		(11	)	(10	)	(17	)	(38	)	(38	)
Amortization included in operating costs			–		–		(750	)	–		(750	)	–		–		–		–		(750	)
December 31, 2014			6,298		865		524		287		7,974		2,333		2,693		2,372		7,398		15,372	
ACCUMULATED AMORTIZATION																						
January 1, 2014			4,429		368		–		104		4,901		–		–		–		–		4,901	
Amortization			502		51		–		19		572		–		–		–		–		572	
Retirements and disposals			(336	)	–		–		–		(336	)	–		–		–		–		(336	)
Other			11		–		–		–		11		–		–		–		–		11	
December 31, 2014			4,606		419		–		123		5,148		–		–		–		–		5,148	
NET CARRYING AMOUNT																						
January 1, 2014			1,612		497		389		189		2,687		2,344		2,132		2,389		6,865		9,552	
December 31, 2014			1,692		446		524		164		2,826		2,333		2,693		2,372		7,398		10,224	



 



(1)	On April 2, 2014, Bell 
Mobility acquired 700 MHz spectrum licences in every province and territorial
market, comprised of 31 licences for $566 million.




 




Note 15 Investments in associates
and joint ventures







The following table provides summarized financial
information in respect to BCE’s associates and joint ventures. For a list of
associates and joint ventures please see Note 28, 

Related party transactions
.



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE		2015		2014	
Assets			5,067		3,910	
Liabilities			(2,699	)	(2,202	)
Total net assets			2,368		1,708	
BCE’s share of net assets			1,119		776	
Revenues			2,125		871	
Expenses			(2,261	)	(918	)
Total net losses			(136	)	(47	)
BCE’s share of net losses	8		(49	)	(12	)




 




Note 16 Other non-current assets



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE		2015		2014	
Net assets of post-employment
benefit plans	21		158		151	
AFS publicly-traded and
privately-held investments	23		128		107	
Long-term notes and other
receivables			55		47	
Derivative assets			131		269	
Other			322		301	
Total other non-current assets			794		875	



 



138 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



 




Note 17 Goodwill





The following table provides details
about the changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014. BCE’s groups of CGUs correspond to
our reporting segments.



	BELL		BELL		BELL			
	WIRELESS		WIRELINE	(1)	MEDIA		BCE	
Balance at January 1, 2014	2,302		3,491		2,588		8,381	
Acquisitions and other	–		–		4		4	
Balance at December 31, 2014	2,302		3,491		2,592		8,385	
Acquisitions and other	1		–		(9	)	(8	)
Balance at December 31, 2015	2,303		3,491		2,583		8,377	



 



(1)	Goodwill of our former
Bell Aliant segment is now included in the Bell Wireline segment. Refer to Note
24, Privatization of Bell Aliant .




 




Impairment testing







As described in Note 2, 

Significant accounting policies
, goodwill is
tested annually for impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or group
of CGUs to the recoverable amount, where the recoverable amount is the higher of
fair value less costs of disposal or value in use.






VALUE IN USE




The value in use for a CGU or group
of CGUs is determined by discounting five-year cash flow projections from
business plans reviewed by senior management. The projections reflect
management’s expectations of revenue, segment profit, capital expenditures,
working capital and operating cash flows, based on past experience and future
expectations of operating performance.




Cash flows beyond the five-year
period are extrapolated using perpetuity growth rates. None of the perpetuity
growth rates exceed the long-term historical growth rates for the markets in
which we operate.




The discount rates are applied to
the cash flow projections and are derived from the weighted average cost of
capital for each CGU or group of CGUs.




The following table shows the key
assumptions used to estimate the recoverable amounts of the groups of CGUs.



	ASSUMPTIONS USED	
	PERPETUITY			
GROUPS OF CGUs	GROWTH RATE		DISCOUNT RATE	
Bell Wireless	0.8	%	9.1	%
Bell Wireline	0.9	%	7.2	%
Bell Media	1.0	%	8.7	%





We believe that any reasonable
possible change in the key assumptions on which the estimate of recoverable
amounts of the Bell Wireless or Bell Wireline groups of CGUs is based would not
cause their carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.




For the Bell Media group of CGUs, a
decrease of (0.3%) in the perpetuity growth rate or an increase of 0.2% in the
discount rate would have resulted in its recoverable amount being equal to its
carrying value.




Note 18 Trade payables and other
liabilities



 



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE		2015		2014	
Trade payables and accruals			2,303		2,415	
Deferred revenues			812		764	
Compensation payable			512		631	
Taxes payable			124		115	
Severance and other costs payable			107		69	
CRTC tangible benefits obligation	23		61		63	
CRTC deferral account obligation	23		16		24	
Other current liabilities			352		317	
Total trade payables and other
liabilities			4,287		4,398	



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 139
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	




 




Note 19 Debt due within one year



 



			WEIGHTED AVERAGE					
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE		INTEREST RATE		2015		2014	
Notes payable (1)	23		0.66	%	1,666		1,454	
Loans secured by trade receivables	23		1.49	%	931		921	
Long-term debt due within one year (2)			4.38	%	1,778		1,376	
Unsecured committed term credit
facility (Astral)			1.29	%	526		–	
Net unamortized discount					–		(1	)
Unamortized debt issuance costs					(6	)	(7	)
Total long-term debt due within one
year	20				2,298		1,368	
Total debt due within one year					4,895		3,743	



 



(1)	Includes commercial
paper of $856 million in U.S. dollars ($1,185 million in Canadian dollars) and
$431 million in U.S. dollars ($501 million in Canadian dollars) as at December 
31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which were drawn under our U.S. commercial
paper program and have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through
forward currency contracts. Refer to Note 23, Financial and capital management .
(2)	Included in long-term
debt due within one year is the current portion of finance leases of $405
million at December 31, 2015 and $345 million at December 31, 2014.





 




Securitized trade receivables





Our securitized trade receivable
programs are recorded as floating rate revolving loans secured by certain trade
receivables, and expire on November 30, 2016 and December 31, 2017.




The following table provides further
details on our securitized trade receivables.



FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Average interest rate throughout the year	1.59	%	1.89	%
Secured trade receivables	2,056		2,091	





We continue to service these trade
receivables. The buyers’ interest in the collection of these trade receivables
ranks ahead of our interests, which means that we are exposed to certain risks
of default on the amounts securitized.




We have provided various credit
enhancements in the form of overcollateralization and subordination of our
retained interests.




The buyers will reinvest the amounts
collected by buying additional interests in our trade receivables until the
securitized trade receivables agreements expire or are terminated. The buyers
and their investors have no further claim on our other assets if customers do
not pay the amounts owed.




Credit facilities





Bell Canada may issue notes in an
aggregate amount of up to $2 billion in either Canadian or U.S. dollars under
its commercial paper program, supported by a committed revolving bank credit
facility. The total amount of this credit facility may be drawn at any time.




The table below is a summary of our
total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2015.



	TOTAL AVAILABLE		DRAWN		LETTERS OF CREDIT		COMMERCIAL PAPER OUTSTANDING		NET AVAILABLE	
Committed credit facilities										
Unsecured revolving facility (1)(2)	3,000		–		–		1,659		1,341	
Unsecured committed term credit facility (Astral) (3)	526		526		–		–		–	
Other	121		–		119		–		2	
Total committed credit facilities	3,647		526		119		1,659		1,343	
Total non-committed credit
facilities	1,372		–		676		–		696	
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities	5,019		526		795		1,659		2,039	



 



(1)	Bell Canada’s $2.5
billion revolving facility expires in November 2020 and its $500 million
expansion facility expires in November 2018.
(2)	As of December 31,
2015, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $856 million in U.S.
dollars ($1,185 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell Canada’s commercial
paper outstanding is included in debt due within one year.
(3)	The outstanding
balance at December 31, 2015 was $380 million in U.S. dollars ($526 million in
Canadian dollars), which is included in debt due within one year and has been
hedged using cross currency basis swaps. Refer to Note 23, Financial and capital management .





 



140 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 




Restrictions





Some of our credit agreements:






require us to meet specific
financial ratios




require us to offer to repay and
cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or Bell Canada






We are in compliance with all
conditions and restrictions under such credit agreements.




Note 20 Long-term debt




 



			WEIGHTED AVERAGE INTEREST RATE							
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE			MATURITY		2015		2014	
Debentures										
1997 trust indenture			4.34	%	2016–2045		13,400		12,900	
1976 trust indenture			9.54	%	2021–2054		1,100		1,100	
Subordinated debentures			8.21	%	2026–2031		275		275	
Finance leases			6.77	%	2016–2047		2,260		2,221	
Unsecured committed term credit facility (Astral) (1)			1.29	%	2016		526		1,018	
Other							141		219	
Total debt							17,702		17,733	
Net unamortized premium							24		30	
Unamortized debt issuance costs							(38	)	(40	)
Less:										
Amount due within one year	19						(2,298	)	(1,368	)
Total long-term debt							15,390		16,355	



 



(1)	Represents $526
million in Canadian dollars ($380 million in U.S. dollars), which was drawn
under Bell Canada’s unsecured committed credit facility and has been hedged
using cross currency basis swaps ($1,018 million in Canadian dollars or $877
million in U.S. dollars in 2014). Refer to Note 23, Financial and capital management .





Bell Canada’s debentures and
subordinated debentures have been issued in Canadian dollars and the majority
bear a fixed rate of interest.






Interest payments on debt for a principal amount of $700
million have been swapped from fixed to floating. See Note 23, 

Financial and capital management 
for additional
details.




Restrictions





Some of our debt agreements:






require us to meet specific
financial ratios




impose covenants, maintenance tests
and new issue tests






require us to make an offer to repurchase certain series
of debentures upon the occurrence of a change of control event
 

as defined in the relevant debt agreements






We are in compliance with all
conditions and restrictions under such debt agreements.









All outstanding debentures are
issued under trust indentures and are unsecured. All debentures are issued in
series and certain series are redeemable at Bell Canada’s option prior to
maturity at the prices, times and conditions specified for each series.






2015




In 2015, Bell Canada repaid
approximately $500 million ($395 million U.S. dollars) of the borrowings under
its unsecured committed term credit facility that was used to partially fund the
acquisition of Astral.




On November 2, 2015, Bell Canada
redeemed early its 3.60% Series M-21 medium term notes (MTN) debentures, issued
under its 1997 trust indenture, having an outstanding principal amount of $1
billion which were due on December 2, 2015.




On October 1, 2015, Bell Canada
issued 3.00% Series M-40 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust indenture, with a
principal amount of $1 billion, which mature on October 3, 2022.




On March 30, 2015, Bell Canada
issued 4.35% Series M-39 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust indenture, with a
principal amount of $500 million, which mature on December 18, 2045.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 141
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	





Subsequent to year end, on January 11, 2016, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, its 4.64% Series M-19 MTN
debentures, having an outstanding principal amount of $200 million which were
due on February 22, 2016, as well as its 3.65% Series M-23 MTN debentures,
having an outstanding principal amount of $500 million which were due on May 19,
2016.




In addition, on February 29, 2016,
Bell Canada issued 3.55% Series M-41 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust
indenture, with a principal amount of $750 million, which mature on March 2,
2026.






2014




On November 20, 2014, all Bell 
Aliant Regional Communications, Limited Partnership (Bell Aliant LP) MTNs and
floating rate MTNs (collectively, Bell Aliant notes) in the aggregate principal
amount of $2.3 billion were exchanged for Bell Canada debentures having the same
financial terms as the Bell Aliant notes, including with respect 




to coupon rate, maturity date and redemption price. As a
result, $25 million of deferred costs related to the Bell Aliant LP debt were
expensed and recorded as early debt redemption costs in 

Other (expense) income 
in the income statement.
Refer to Note 8, 
Other (expense) income
.




The following Bell Canada debentures
were issued in exchange for the previously held Bell Aliant notes.



SERIES	COUPON RATE		MATURITY DATE		PRINCIPAL AMOUNT	
M -32	5.41	%	September 26, 2016		500	
M-33	5.52	%	February 26, 2019		300	
M-34	6.17	%	February 26, 2037		300	
M-35	4.37	%	September 13, 2017		350	
M-36	4.88	%	April 26, 2018		300	
M-37	3.54	%	June 12, 2020		400	
M-38	floating		April 22, 2016		150	
Total					2,300	







On October 30, 2014, Bell Aliant LP redeemed early its
6.29% MTNs with a principal amount of $350 million which were due on February 
17, 2015. We incurred a $4 million charge for the early debt redemption costs
which was recorded in 
Other income (expense) 

in 2014 in the income statement.




On September 29, 2014, Bell Canada
issued 3.15% Series M-30 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust indenture, with a
principal amount of $750 million which mature on September 29, 2021. In
addition, on the same date, Bell Canada issued 4.75%
Series M-31 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust indenture, with a principal
amount of $500 million, which mature on September 29, 2044.




On April 22, 2014, Bell Aliant LP
issued floating rate MTNs, with a principal amount of $150 million, which would
have matured on April 22, 2016. These MTNs were exchanged for Bell Canada
debentures on November 20, 2014.




On February 18, 2014, all of the
outstanding CTV Specialty Television Inc. (CTV Specialty) notes of $300
million were repaid upon maturity.




Note 21 Post-employment benefit plans







Post-employment benefit plans cost




We provide pension and other benefits for most of our employees. These include DB pension plans, DC pension plans and OPEBs.




We operate our DB and DC pension plans under applicable Canadian and provincial pension legislation, which prescribes minimum and maximum DB funding requirements. Plan assets are held in trust, and the oversight of governance of the plans, including investment decisions, contributions to DB plans and the selection of the DC plans investment options offered to plan participants, lies with the Pension Fund Committee, a committee of our board of directors.




The interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to a mismatch between investment growth and obligation growth.




The longevity risk is managed using a longevity swap, which reduces the exposure of the DB plan to an increase in life expectancy.



142 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
		FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



 


 




COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS SERVICE COST





FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
DB pension	(232	)	(214	)
DC pension	(96	)	(94	)
OPEBs	(8	)	(9	)
Less:				
Capitalized benefit plans cost	55		41	
Total post-employment benefit plans service cost included in operating costs	(281	)	(276	)
Other costs recognized in severance, acquisition and other costs	(44	)	(29	)
Total post-employment benefit plans service cost	(325	)	(305	)







COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS FINANCING COST





FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
DB pension	(53	)	(35	)
OPEBs	(57	)	(66	)
Total interest on post-employment benefit obligations	(110	)	(101	)







The statements of comprehensive income include the following amounts before income taxes.





	2015		2014	
Cumulative losses recognized directly in equity, January 1	(2,974	)	(2,036	)
Actuarial gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (1)	594		(933	)
Increase in the effect of the asset limit (2)	(4	)	(5	)
Cumulative losses recognized directly in equity, December 31	(2,384	)	(2,974	)





 



(1)	The cumulative actuarial losses recognized in the statements of comprehensive income are $2,640 million in 2015.
(2)	The cumulative decrease in the effect of the asset limit recognized in the statements of comprehensive income is $256 million in 2015.





COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT (OBLIGATIONS) ASSETS




The following table shows the change in post-employment benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets.





	DB PENSION PLANS	OPEB PLANS	TOTAL
	2015		2014		2015		2014		2015		2014	
Post-employment benefit obligations, January 1	(20,988	)	(18,672	)	(1,707	)	(1,641	)	(22,695	)	(20,313	)
Current service cost	(232	)	(214	)	(8	)	(9	)	(240	)	(223	)
Interest on obligations	(825	)	(901	)	(67	)	(78	)	(892	)	(979	)
Actuarial gains (losses) (1)	291		(2,240	)	5		(56	)	296		(2,296	)
Net curtailment losses	(39	)	(29	)	(5	)	–		(44	)	(29	)
Benefit payments	1,122		1,076		77		77		1,199		1,153	
Employee contributions	(5	)	(5	)	–		–		(5	)	(5	)
Other	1		(3	)	–		–		1		(3	)
Post-employment benefit obligations, December 31	(20,675	)	(20,988	)	(1,705	)	(1,707	)	(22,380	)	(22,695	)
Fair value of plan assets, January 1	19,819		18,082		261		241		20,080		18,323	
Expected return on plan assets (2)	772		866		10		12		782		878	
Actuarial gains (losses)	301		1,351		(3	)	12		298		1,363	
Benefit payments	(1,122	)	(1,076	)	(77	)	(77	)	(1,199	)	(1,153	)
Employer contributions	469		591		75		73		544		664	
Employee contributions	5		5		–		–		5		5	
Fair value of plan assets, December 31	20,244		19,819		266		261		20,510		20,080	
Plan deficit	(431	)	(1,169	)	(1,439	)	(1,446	)	(1,870	)	(2,615	)
Effect of asset limit	(10	)	(6	)	–		–		(10	)	(6	)
Post-employment benefit liability, December 31	(441	)	(1,175	)	(1,439	)	(1,446	)	(1,880	)	(2,621	)
Post-employment benefit assets included in other non-current assets	158		151		–		–		158		151	
Post-employment benefit obligations	(599	)	(1,326	)	(1,439	)	(1,446	)	(2,038	)	(2,772	)





 



(1)	Actuarial gains include experience gains of $123 million in 2015 and $1,534 million in 2014.
(2)	The actual return on plan assets was $1,080 million or 5.25% in 2015 and $2,241 million or 12.6% in 2014.



 


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 143
NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	




 




FUNDED STATUS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS COST




The following table shows the funded status of our post-employment benefit obligations.





	FUNDED	PARTIALLY FUNDED (1)	UNFUNDED (2)	TOTAL
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014		2015		2014		2015		2014		2015		2014	
Present value of post-employment benefit obligations	(20,064	)	(20,375	)	(2,061	)	(1,906	)	(255	)	(414	)	(22,380	)	(22,695	)
Fair value of plan assets	20,204		19,783		306		297		–		–		20,510		20,080	
Plan deficit	140		(592	)	(1,755	)	(1,609	)	(255	)	(414	)	(1,870	)	(2,615	)





 



(1)	The partially funded plans consist of supplementary executive retirement plans (SERPs) for eligible employees and OPEBs. The company partially funds the SERPs through letters of credit and a retirement compensation arrangement account with Canada Revenue Agency. Certain paid-up life insurance benefits are funded through life insurance contracts.
(2)	Our unfunded plans
		consist of OPEBs, which are pay-as-you-go.





SIGNIFICANT ASSUMPTIONS




We used the following key assumptions to measure the post-employment benefit obligations and the net benefit plans cost for the DB pension plans and OPEB plans. These assumptions are long-term, which is consistent with the nature of post-employment benefit plans.





	DB PENSION PLANS AND OPEB PLANS
	2015		2014	
At December 31				
Post-employment benefit obligations				
Discount rate	4.2	%	4.0	%
Rate of compensation increase	2.5	%	2.5	%
Cost of living indexation rate (1)	1.6	%	1.6	%
Life expectancy at age 65 (years)	23.0		23.0	
For the year ended December 31				
Net post-employment benefit plans cost				
Discount rate	4.0	%	4.9	%
Rate of compensation increase	2.5	%	2.8	%
Cost of living indexation rate (1)	1.6	%	1.7	%
Life expectancy at age 65 (years)	23.0		22.4	





 



(1)	Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.





The weighted average duration of the post-employment benefit obligation is 15 years.




We assumed the following trend rates in healthcare costs:








an annual increase in the cost of medication of 8.0% for 2015
 
decreasing to 4.5% over 20 years




an annual increase in the cost of covered dental benefits of 4.0%






an annual increase in the cost of covered hospital benefits
 
of 3.2%






an annual increase in the cost of other covered healthcare
 
benefits of 3.0%






Assumed trend rates in healthcare costs have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the healthcare plans.




The following table shows the effect of a 1% change in the assumed trend rates in healthcare costs.





EFFECT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS – INCREASE (DECREASE)	1% INCREASE		1% DECREASE	
Total service and interest cost	6		(5	)
Post-employment benefit obligations	142		(112	)





 






SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS




The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit obligations and the net post-employment benefit plans cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.





			IMPACT ON NET POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS COST FOR 2015 – INCREASE (DECREASE)		IMPACT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS AT DECEMBER 31, 2015 – INCREASE (DECREASE)
	CHANGE IN		INCREASE IN		DECREASE IN		INCREASE IN		DECREASE IN	
	ASSUMPTION		ASSUMPTION		ASSUMPTION		ASSUMPTION		ASSUMPTION	
Discount rate	1	%	(148	)	112		(2,783	)	3,178	
Mortality rate	25	%	(66	)	70		(1,386	)	1,477	





 


 


 



144 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



 




POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLAN ASSETS




The investment strategy for the post-employment benefit plan assets is to maintain a diversified portfolio of assets invested in a prudent manner to maintain the security of funds.




The following table shows the target allocations for 2015 and the allocation of our post-employment benefit plan assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014.





	WEIGHTED AVERAGE TARGET ALLOCATION		TOTAL PLAN ASSETS FAIR VALUE AT DECEMBER 31 (%)
ASSET CATEGORY	2015		2015		2014	
Equity securities	20%–35	%	26	%	30	%
Debt securities	55%–80	%	65	%	62	%
Alternative investments	0%–25	%	9	%	8	%
Total			100	%	100	%





 




The fair value of the DB pension plan assets at the end of the year for each category are tabled below.





FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Observable market data				
Equity securities				
Canadian	910		1,195	
Foreign	4,263		4,657	
Debt securities				
Canadian	12,038		10,986	
Foreign	718		921	
Money market	431		463	
Non-observable market inputs				
Alternative investments				
Private equities	1,124		947	
Hedge funds	687		651	
Other	73		(1	)
Total	20,244		19,819	





 




Equity securities included approximately $12 million of BCE common shares, or 0.06% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2015 and approximately $1 million of BCE common shares, or 0.01% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2014.




Debt securities included approximately $32 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.16% of total plan assets at December 31, 2015 and approximately $2 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.01% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2014.




Alternative investments included the pension plan’s investment in MLSE of $135 million, or 0.67% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2015 and $135 million, or 0.68% of total plan assets at December 31, 2014.




On February 23, 2015, the Bell Canada pension plan entered into an investment arrangement to hedge part of its exposure to potential increases in longevity, which covers approximately $5 billion of post-employment benefit obligations. The fair value of the arrangement is included within other alternative investments. As a hedging arrangement of the pension plan, the transaction requires no cash contributions from BCE.




CASH FLOWS




We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various actuarial cost methods that are permitted by pension regulatory bodies. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions about future investment returns, salary projections and future service benefits. Changes in these factors could cause actual future contributions to differ from our current estimates and could require us to increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans in the future, which could have a negative effect on our liquidity and financial performance.




We contribute to the DC pension plans as employees provide service.



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 145
NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	




 




The following table shows the amounts we contributed to the DB and DC pension plans and the payments made to beneficiaries under OPEB plans.





	DB PLANS (1)	DC PLANS	OPEB PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014		2015		2014		2015		2014	
Contributions	(469	)	(591	)	(97	)	(92	)	(75	)	(73	)





 



(1)	Includes voluntary contributions of $250 million in 2015 and $350 million in 2014.





We expect to contribute approximately $235 million to our DB pension plans in 2016, subject to actuarial valuations being completed. We expect to pay approximately $85 million to beneficiaries under OPEB plans and to contribute approximately $105 million to the DC pension plans in 2016.




Note 22 Other
		non-current liabilities




 



 





FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE		2015		2014	
Long-term disability benefits obligation			294		261	
CRTC tangible benefits obligation	23		166		222	
CRTC deferral account obligation	23		138		150	
Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) financial liability (1)	23		135		135	
Deferred revenue on long-term contracts			85		96	
Future tax liabilities			54		81	
Other			548		576	
Total other non-current liabilities			1,420		1,521	





 



(1)	Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the BCE Master Trust Fund’s (Master Trust) 9% interest in MLSE
		at a price not less than an agreed minimum price should the Master Trust
		exercise its put option. The obligation to repurchase is marked to
		market each reporting period and the gain or loss is recorded in Other (expense) income .




 



 




Note 23 Financial and
		capital management





Financial management




Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures and variability of results from various financial risks that include credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and equity price risk.




DERIVATIVES




We use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and changes in the price of BCE common shares under our share-based payment plans.




The following derivative instruments were outstanding during 2015 and/or 2014:




foreign currency forward contracts and options that manage


the foreign currency risk of certain purchase commitments


cross currency basis swaps that hedge foreign currency risk


on a portion of our long-term debt due within one year


interest rate swaps that hedge interest rate risk on a portion


of our long-term debt


interest rate locks on future debt issuances and dividend rate


resets on preferred shares


forward contracts on BCE common shares that mitigate the cash


flow exposure related to share-based payment plans






FAIR VALUE




Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.




Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the amount and timing of future cash flows and discount rates, all of which reflect varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that would be incurred on disposition of financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a result, the fair values are not the net amounts that would be realized if these instruments were settled.




The carrying values of our cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, severance and other costs payable, interest payable, dividends payable, notes payable and loans secured by trade receivables approximate fair value as they are short-term.



 



146 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 




The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of financial position.





				DECEMBER 31, 2015	DECEMBER 31, 2014
				CARRYING		FAIR		CARRYING		FAIR	
	FAIR VALUE METHODOLOGY	NOTE		VALUE		VALUE		VALUE		VALUE	
CRTC tangible benefits obligation	Present value of estimated future cash flows discounted using observable market interest rates	18, 22		227		234		285		289	
CRTC deferral account obligation	Present value of estimated future cash flows discounted using observable market interest rates	18, 22		154		163		174		191	
Debentures, finance leases and other debt	Quoted market price of debt or present value of future cash flows discounted using observable market interest rates	19, 20		17,688		19,764		17,723		20,059	







The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial position.





					FAIR VALUE AT DECEMBER 31
	NOTE		CARRYING VALUE OF ASSET (LIABILITY) AT DECEMBER 31		QUOTED PRICES IN ACTIVE MARKETS FOR IDENTICAL ASSETS (LEVEL 1)		OBSERVABLE MARKET DATA (LEVEL 2) (1)		NON-OBSERVABLE MARKET INPUTS (LEVEL 3) (2)	
2015										
AFS publicly-traded and privately-held investments	16		128		16		–		112	
Derivative financial instruments			256		–		256		–	
MLSE financial liability	22		(135	)	–		–		(135	)
Other			30		–		56		(26	)








2014										
AFS publicly-traded and privately-held investments	16		107		17		–		90	
Derivative financial instruments			276		–		276		–	
MLSE financial liability	22		(135	)	–		–		(135	)
Other			12		–		22		(10	)





 



(1)	Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2)	Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples. A reasonable change in our assumptions would not result in a significant increase (decrease) to our level 3 financial instruments.





CREDIT RISK




We are exposed to credit risk from operating activities and certain financing activities, the maximum exposure of which is represented by the carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position.




We are exposed to credit risk if counterparties to our trade receivables and derivative instruments are unable to meet their obligations. The concentration of credit risk from our customers is minimized because we have a large and diverse customer base. There was minimal credit risk relating to derivative instruments at December 31, 2015 and 2014. We deal with institutions that have investment-grade credit ratings, and as such we expect that they will be able to meet their obligations. We regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure.




The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for trade receivables.





	2015		2014	
Balance, January 1	(69	)	(79	)
Additions	(86	)	(49	)
Use	91		59	
Balance, December 31	(64	)	(69	)







In many instances, trade receivables are written off directly to bad debt expense if the account has not been collected after a predetermined period of time.




The following table provides further details on trade receivables not impaired.





AT DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Trade receivables not past due	2,205		2,267	
Trade receivables past due and not
impaired				
Under 60 days	289		317	
60 to 120 days	339		352	
Over 120 days	72		63	
Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts	2,905		2,999	





 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 147
NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	





LIQUIDITY RISK




Our cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and possible capital markets financing, are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations and fulfill our obligations as they become due. Should our cash requirements exceed the above sources of cash, we would expect to cover such a shortfall by drawing on existing committed bank facilities and new ones, to the extent available.




The following table is a maturity analysis for recognized financial liabilities at December 31, 2015 for each of the next five years and thereafter.





AT DECEMBER 31, 2015	NOTE		2016		2017		2018		2019		2020		THERE- AFTER		TOTAL	
Long-term debt	20		1,899		1,107		1,731		1,309		1,401		7,995		15,442	
Notes payable	19		1,666		–		–		–		–		–		1,666	
Minimum future lease payments under finance leases	13		544		484		337		261		240		1,199		3,065	
Loan secured by trade receivables	19		931		–		–		–		–		–		931	
Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable and loan secured by trade receivables			728		639		575		506		457		5,077		7,982	
MLSE financial liability	22		–		135		–		–		–		–		135	
Net interest receipts on derivatives			(25	)	(12	)	–		–		–		–		(37	)
Total			5,743		2,353		2,643		2,076		2,098		14,271		29,184	







We are also exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities due within one year, as shown in the statements of financial position.




MARKET RISK




CURRENCY EXPOSURES




We use forward contracts, options and cross currency basis swaps to manage foreign currency risk related to anticipated transactions and certain foreign currency debt.




A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar would result in a gain of $29 million (loss of $33 million) recognized in net earnings at December 31, 2015 and a gain (loss) of $40 million recognized in other comprehensive income at December 31, 2015, with all other variables held constant.




The following table provides further details on our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, options and cross currency basis swaps as at December 31, 2015.





	BUY		AMOUNT TO				AMOUNT TO					
TYPE OF HEDGE	CURRENCY		RECEIVE IN USD		SELL CURRENCY		PAY IN CAD		MATURITY		HEDGED ITEM	
Cash flow	USD		347		CAD		391		2016		Purchase commitments	
Cash flow	USD		857		CAD		1,145		2016		Commercial paper	
Cash flow	USD		46		CAD		56		2017–2018		Purchase commitments	
Cash flow	USD		380		CAD		508		2016		Credit facility	
Economic	USD		216		CAD		276		2016		Purchase commitments	
Economic – call options	USD		120		CAD		154		2016		Purchase commitments	
Economic – put options	USD		240		CAD		309		2016		Purchase commitments	







INTEREST RATE EXPOSURES




We use interest rate swaps to manage the mix of fixed and floating interest rates of our debt. We also use interest rate locks to hedge the interest rates on future debt issuances and to economically hedge dividend rate resets on preferred shares.




The following table shows the interest rate locks outstanding at December 31, 2015.





TYPE OF HEDGE	NOTIONAL AMOUNT		MATURITY	(1)	RATE		SETTLEMENT DATE		HEDGED ITEM	
Cash flow	500		2025		1.92	%	2016		Long-term debt	
Economic	350		2020		1.04	%	2016		Preferred shares	





 



(1)	Represents maturity of the underlying Government of Canada bond.





The following table shows the interest rate swap outstanding at December 31, 2015.





TYPE OF HEDGE	NOTIONAL AMOUNT		RECEIVE INTEREST RATE		PAY INTEREST RATE		MATURITY		HEDGED ITEM	
Fair value	700		5.00	%	3-month CDOR (1) + 0.42	%	2017		Long-term debt	





 



(1)	Canadian dollar offered rate.



 


 



148 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 




In 2015, we recognized a loss of $18 million (2014–$15 million) on an interest rate swap used as a fair value hedge of long-term debt and an offsetting gain of $18 million (2014–$15 million) on the corresponding long-term debt.




A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates would result in a decrease of $14 million (increase of $12 million) in net earnings at December 31, 2015 and a gain of $31 million (loss of $35 million) recognized in other comprehensive income as at December 31, 2015.




EQUITY PRICE EXPOSURES






We use equity forward contracts on BCE’s common shares to economically hedge the cash flow exposure related to the settlement of share-based payment plans. See Note 26, 
Share-based payments 
for details on our share-based payment arrangements. The fair value of our equity forward contracts at December 31, 2015 was $86 million (2014–$157 million).




A 10% increase (decrease) in the market price of BCE’s common shares at December 31, 2015 would result in a gain (loss) of $69 million recognized in net earnings for 2015, all other variables held constant.




Capital management





We have various capital policies, procedures and processes which are utilized to achieve our objectives for capital management. These include optimizing our cost of capital and maximizing shareholder return while balancing the interests of our stakeholders.




Our definition of capital includes equity attributable to BCE shareholders, debt, and cash and cash equivalents.






The key ratios that we use to monitor and manage our capital structure are a net debt leverage ratio
(1)
 
and an adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio
(2)
. Our net debt leverage ratio target range is 1.75 to 2.25 times adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio target is greater than 7.5 times. We 


monitor our capital structure and make adjustments, including to our dividend policy, as required. At December 31, 2015, we had exceeded the limit of our internal net debt leverage ratio target range by 0.28. This excess over the limit of our internal ratio target range does not create risk to our investment-grade credit rating.




These ratios do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, our net debt leverage ratio and adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio as a measure of financial leverage and health of the company.




The following table provides a summary of our key ratios.





AT DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Net debt leverage ratio	2.53		2.59	
Adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio	8.76		8.38	





 




On February 3, 2016, the board of directors of BCE approved an increase of 5.0% in the annual dividend on BCE’s common shares, from $2.60 to $2.73 per common share. In addition, the board of directors of BCE declared a quarterly dividend of $0.6825 per common share, payable on April 15, 2016 to shareholders of record at March 15, 2016.




On February 4, 2015, the board of directors of BCE approved an increase of 5.3% in the annual dividend on BCE’s common shares, from $2.47 to $2.60 per common share.



(1)	Our net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and 50% of preferred shares less cash and cash equivalents as shown in our statements of financial position. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as operating revenues less operating costs as shown in our income statements.
(2)	Our adjusted EBITDA to net interest expense ratio represents adjusted EBITDA divided by net interest expense. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as operating revenues less operating costs as shown in our income statements. Net interest expense is net interest expense as shown in our statements of cash flows and 50% of declared preferred share dividends as shown in our income statements.



 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 149
NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	



 




Note 24 Privatization
		of Bell Aliant





On July 23, 2014, BCE announced its offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Bell Aliant that it did not already own for a total consideration of approximately $3.95 billion. BCE already controlled Bell Aliant, which provided local telephone, long distance, Internet, data, TV, wireless, home security and value-added business solutions to residential and business customers in the Atlantic provinces and in rural and regional areas of Ontario and Québec. On the same day, BCE also announced its offer to exchange all of the issued and outstanding preferred shares of Bell Aliant Preferred Equity Inc. (Prefco) for newly issued First Preferred Shares of BCE, with the same financial terms as the existing Prefco preferred shares (Preferred Share Exchange).




The privatization was completed on October 31, 2014 and the Preferred Share Exchange was completed on November 1, 2014. The privatization has simplified BCE’s corporate structure and increased overall operating and capital investment efficiencies while supporting BCE’s broadband investment strategy and dividend growth objective.




As BCE already consolidated the financial results of Bell Aliant, the privatization was accounted for as an equity transaction. The following table summarizes the impacts of the privatization in our 2014 consolidated statements of financial position.





FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	NOTE		2014	
Consideration				
Issuance of 60.9 million BCE common shares (1)	25		2,928	
Cash			989	
Exchange of Prefco preferred shares for BCE First Preferred Shares (1)	25		609	
Total			4,526	
Allocated to				
Carrying value of Bell Aliant non-controlling interest			877	
Contributed surplus			1,499	
Accumulated other comprehensive income			7	
Deficit			2,143	
Total			4,526	





 



(1)	The stated capital for the BCE common and First Preferred Shares was recorded at fair value on the date of issuance.





The following table outlines the BCE First Preferred Shares for which the existing Prefco preferred shares were exchanged as part of the Preferred Share Exchange.





							REDEMPTION DATE (1)						STATED	
										NUMBER OF SHARES		CAPITAL	
	ANNUAL														
	DIVIDEND		CONVERTIBLE					REDEMPTION				ISSUED AND			
SERIES	RATE		INTO		CONVERSION DATE			PRICE		AUTHORIZED		OUTSTANDING			
AM	4.85	%	AN		March 31, 2016		March 31, 2016		$25.00		30,000,000		11,500,000		263	
AO	4.55	%	AP		March 31, 2017		March 31, 2017		$25.00		30,000,000		4,600,000		118	
AQ	4.25	%	AR		September 30, 2018		September 30, 2018		$25.00		30,000,000		9,200,000		228	
															609	





 



(1)	BCE may redeem each of these series of preferred shares on the applicable redemption date and every five years after that date.





Additionally in 2014, $35 million was charged to the deficit to record the transaction costs incurred related to the privatization. These costs include financial advisory, filing and legal fees.



150 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



 




Note 25 Share capital





Preferred shares




BCE’s articles of amalgamation provide for an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares and Second Preferred Shares, all without par value. The terms set out in the articles authorize BCE’s directors to issue the shares in one or more series and to set the number of shares and the conditions for each series.




The following table is a summary of the principal terms of BCE’s First Preferred Shares. There were no Second Preferred Shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015. BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, describe the terms and conditions of these shares in detail.





											NUMBER OF SHARES		STATED CAPITAL
	ANNUAL																	
	DIVIDEND		CONVERTIBLE						REDEMP-				ISSUED AND		DEC. 31,		DEC. 31,	
SERIES	RATE		INTO		CONVERSION DATE		REDEMPTION DATE		TION PRICE		AUTHORIZED		OUTSTANDING		2015		2014	
Q (1)	floating		Series R		December 1, 2025						8,000,000		–		–		–	
R (2)	4.13%		Series Q		December 1, 2020		December 1, 2020		$25.00		8,000,000		8,000,000		200		200	
S	floating		Series T		November 1, 2016		At any time		$25.50		8,000,000		3,606,225		90		90	
T (2)	3.393%		Series S		November 1, 2016		November 1, 2016		$25.00		8,000,000		4,393,775		110		110	
Y	floating		Series Z		December 1, 2017		At any time		$25.50		10,000,000		8,772,468		219		219	
Z (2)	3.152%		Series Y		December 1, 2017		December 1, 2017		$25.00		10,000,000		1,227,532		31		31	
AA (2)	3.45%		Series AB		September 1, 2017		September 1, 2017		$25.00		20,000,000		10,144,302		259		259	
AB	floating		Series AA		September 1, 2017		At any time		$25.50		20,000,000		9,855,698		251		251	
AC (2)	3.55%		Series AD		March 1, 2018		March 1, 2018		$25.00		20,000,000		5,069,935		129		129	
AD	floating		Series AC		March 1, 2018		At any time		$25.50		20,000,000		14,930,065		381		381	
AE	floating		Series AF		February 1, 2020		At any time		$25.50		24,000,000		9,292,133		232		36	
AF (2)	3.11%		Series AE		February 1, 2020		February 1, 2020		$25.00		24,000,000		6,707,867		168		364	
AG (2)	4.50%		Series AH		May 1, 2016		May 1, 2016		$25.00		22,000,000		10,841,056		271		271	
AH	floating		Series AG		May 1, 2016		At any time		$25.50		22,000,000		3,158,944		79		79	
AI (2)	4.15%		Series AJ		August 1, 2016		August 1, 2016		$25.00		22,000,000		10,754,990		269		269	
AJ	floating		Series AI		August 1, 2016		At any time		$25.50		22,000,000		3,245,010		81		81	
AK (2)	4.15%		Series AL		December 31, 2016		December 31, 2016		$25.00		25,000,000		25,000,000		625		625	
AL (3)	floating		Series AK		December 31, 2021						25,000,000		–		–		–	
AM (2)	4.85%		Series AN		March 31, 2016		March 31, 2016		$25.00		30,000,000		11,500,000		263		263	
AN (3)	floating		Series AM		March 31, 2021						30,000,000		–		–		–	
AO (2)	4.55%		Series AP		March 31, 2017		March 31, 2017		$25.00		30,000,000		4,600,000		118		118	
AP (3)	floating		Series AO		March 31, 2022						30,000,000		–		–		–	
AQ (2)	4.25%		Series AR		September 30, 2018		September 30, 2018		$25.00		30,000,000		9,200,000		228		228	
AR (3)	floating		Series AQ		September 30, 2023						30,000,000		–		–		–	
															4,004		4,004	





 



(1)	If series Q first preferred
		shares are issued on December 1, 2020, BCE may redeem such shares at
		$25.50 per share on any date after December 1, 2020.
(2)	BCE may redeem each of these
		series of First Preferred Shares on the applicable redemption date and
		every five years after that date.
(3)	If Series AL, AN, AP or AR
		First Preferred Shares are issued on December 31, 2016, March 31, 2016,
		March 31, 2017 and September 30, 2018, respectively, BCE may redeem such
		shares at $25.00 per share on December 31, 2021, March 31, 2021, March 
		31, 2022 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and every five years
		thereafter (collectively, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE 
		may redeem Series AL, AN, AP or AR First Preferred Shares at $25.50 per
		share on any date after December 31, 2016, March 31, 2016, March 31,
		2017 and September 30, 2018, respectively, which is not a Series
		conversion date.





VOTING RIGHTS




All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2015 are non-voting, except under special circumstances, when the holders are entitled to one vote per share.




PRIORITY AND ENTITLEMENT TO DIVIDENDS




The First Preferred Shares of all series rank on a parity with each other and in priority to all other shares of BCE with respect to payment of dividends and with respect to distribution of assets in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of BCE.




Holders of Series R, T, Z, AA, AC, AF, AG, AI, AK, AM, AO and AQ First Preferred Shares are entitled to fixed cumulative quarterly dividends. The dividend rate on these shares is reset every five years, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.




Holders of Series S, Y, AB, AD, AE, AH and AJ First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating adjustable cumulative monthly dividends. The floating dividend rate on these shares is calculated every month, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.




Dividends on all series of First Preferred Shares are paid as and when declared by the board of directors of BCE.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 151
NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	





CONVERSION FEATURES




All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2015 are convertible at the holder’s option into another associated series of First Preferred Shares on a one-for-one basis according to the terms set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.




CONVERSION OF FIRST PREFERRED SHARES




On February 1, 2015, 7,904,105 of BCE’s 14,577,100 Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AF (Series AF Preferred Shares) were converted, on a one-for-one basis, into Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AE (Series AE Preferred Shares). In addition, on February 1, 2015, 34,872 of BCE’s 1,422,900 Series AE Preferred Shares were converted, on a one-for-one basis, into Series AF Preferred Shares. As a result, 6,707,867 Series AF Preferred Shares and 9,292,133 Series AE Preferred Shares remain outstanding.




ISSUE OF BCE FIRST PREFERRED SHARES IN EXCHANGE FOR PREFCO PREFERRED SHARES






In 2014, BCE issued Series AM, AO and AQ First Preferred Shares in exchange for the issued and outstanding preferred shares of Prefco, as described in Note 24, 
Privatization of Bell Aliant
.




Common shares and Class B shares





BCE’s articles of amalgamation provide for an unlimited number of voting common shares and non-voting Class B shares, all without par value. The common shares and the Class B shares rank equally in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets if BCE is liquidated, dissolved or wound up, after payments due to the holders of preferred shares. No Class B shares were outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014.




The following table provides details about the outstanding common shares of BCE.





			2015	2014
	NOTE		NUMBER OF SHARES		STATED CAPITAL		NUMBER OF SHARES		STATED CAPITAL	
Outstanding, January 1			840,330,353		16,717		775,892,556		13,629	
Shares issued under bought deal offering			15,111,000		863		–		–	
Shares issued for the privatization of Bell Aliant	24		–		–		60,879,365		2,928	
Shares issued for the acquisition of Glentel	3		5,548,908		296		–		–	
Shares issued under employee stock option plan	26		2,289,677		96		1,372,006		53	
Shares issued under ESP			2,334,250		128		2,186,426		107	
Outstanding, December 31			865,614,188		18,100		840,330,353		16,717	





 




On December 11, 2015, BCE issued 15,111,000 common shares to a syndicate of underwriters at a price of $57.10 per common share, representing a discount of $0.90 or 1.6% to the November 23, 2015 announcement date closing price. We incurred $35 million ($26 million net of tax) of issuance costs which were charged to the deficit.




CONTRIBUTED SURPLUS




Contributed surplus in 2015 and 2014 include premiums in excess of par value upon the issuance of BCE common shares.






As a result of the privatization of Bell Aliant, contributed surplus decreased in 2014 by $1,499 million, which represents primarily the amount originally recorded to contributed surplus from the distribution of fund units to the holders of BCE common shares by way of return of capital when Bell Aliant converted from a corporate structure to an income fund in 2006. Refer to Note 24, 
Privatization of Bell Aliant
.




Note 26 Share-based
		payments





The following share-based payment amounts are included in the income statements as operating costs.





FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
ESP	(28	)	(30	)
RSUs/PSUs	(51	)	(49	)
Other (1)	(15	)	(20	)
Total share-based payments	(94	)	(99	)





 



(1)	Includes DSP, DSUs and stock options.



 



152 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



 




Description of the plans





ESP




The ESP is designed to encourage employees of BCE and its participating subsidiaries to own shares of BCE. Each year, employees can choose to have a certain percentage of their eligible annual earnings withheld through regular payroll deductions for the purchase of BCE common shares. In some cases, the employer also will contribute a percentage of the employee’s eligible annual earnings to the plan, up to a specified maximum. Dividends are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares.




The BCE ESP allows employees to contribute up to 12% of their annual earnings, with a maximum employer contribution of 2%.




Employer contributions to the BCE plan are subject to employees holding their shares for a two-year vesting period. Dividends related to employer contributions are also subject to the two-year vesting period.




The trustee of the ESP buys BCE common shares for the participants on the open market, by private purchase or from treasury. BCE determines the method the trustee uses to buy the shares.




At December 31, 2015, 7,829,983 common shares were authorized for issuance from treasury under the BCE ESP.




The following table summarizes the status of unvested employer contributions at December 31, 2015 and 2014.





NUMBER OF ESP SHARES	2015		2014	
Unvested contributions, January 1	1,153,653		1,230,265	
Contributions (1)	645,633		631,038	
Dividends credited	53,283		60,621	
Vested	(600,815	)	(645,141	)
Forfeited	(105,708	)	(123,130	)
Unvested contributions, December 31	1,146,046		1,153,653	





 



(1)	The weighted average fair value of the shares contributed was $55 and $49 in 2015 and 2014, respectively.





RSUs/PSUs




RSUs/PSUs are granted to executives and other key employees. The value of an RSU/PSU at the grant date is equal to the value of one BCE common share. Dividends in the form of additional RSUs/PSUs are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividend paid on BCE common shares. Executives and other key employees are granted a specific number of RSUs/PSUs for a given performance period based on their position and level of contribution. RSUs/PSUs vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant and, in certain cases, if performance objectives are met, as determined by the board of directors.




The following table summarizes outstanding RSUs/PSUs at December 31, 2015 and 2014.





NUMBER OF RSUs/PSUs	2015		2014	
Outstanding, January 1	3,616,967		3,733,830	
Granted (1)	1,005,062		1,058,031	
Dividends credited	157,485		184,590	
Settled	(1,342,514	)	(1,259,067	)
Forfeited	(103,417	)	(100,417	)
Outstanding, December 31	3,333,583		3,616,967	
Vested, December 31 (2)	1,138,861		1,307,824	





 



(1)	The weighted average fair value of the RSUs/PSUs granted was $55 and $48 in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(2)	The RSUs/PSUs vested on December 31, 2015 were fully settled in February 2016 with BCE common shares and/or DSUs.





DSP




The value of a deferred share is equal to the value of one BCE common share. Dividends in the form of additional deferred shares are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividend paid on BCE common shares. Deferred shares vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant. The liability recorded in the statements of financial position and related to the deferred share plan was $38 million and $52 million at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively.




STOCK OPTIONS




Under BCE’s long-term incentive plans, BCE may grant options to executives to buy BCE common shares. The subscription price of a grant is based on the higher of:








the volume-weighted average of the trading price on the trading
 
day immediately prior to the effective date of the grant






the volume-weighted average of the trading price for the
 
last five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day
 
immediately prior to the effective date of the grant





BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 153
NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	





At December 31, 2015, 20,202,782 common shares were authorized for issuance under these plans. Options vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant. All options become exercisable when they vest and can be exercised for a period of seven years from the date of grant. Special vesting provisions may apply if:








there is a change in control of BCE and the option holder’s
 
employment ends






the option holder is employed by a designated subsidiary of BCE
 
and BCE’s ownership interest in that subsidiary falls below the
 
percentage set out in the plan






The following table summarizes BCE’s outstanding stock options at December 31, 2015 and 2014.





			2015	2014
					WEIGHTED AVERAGE		NUMBER OF OPTIONS		WEIGHTED AVERAGE	
	NOTE		NUMBER OF OPTIONS		EXERCISE PRICE ($)			EXERCISE PRICE ($)	
Outstanding, January 1			9,278,190		$43		7,870,231		$40	
Granted			2,835,667		$56		2,915,361		$48	
Exercised (1)	25		(2,289,677	)	$39		(1,372,006	)	$36	
Forfeited			(157,276	)	$49		(135,396	)	$44	
Outstanding, December 31			9,666,904		$48		9,278,190		$43	
Exercisable, December 31			1,174,191		$38		865,600		$36	





 



(1)	The weighted average share price for options exercised was $56 and $49 in 2015 and 2014, respectively.





The following table provides additional information about BCE’s stock option plans at December 31, 2015.





	STOCK OPTIONS OUTSTANDING
	NUMBER		WEIGHTED AVERAGE REMAINING LIFE		WEIGHTED AVERAGE EXERCISE PRICE ($)	
RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICES
$30–$39	426,880		2.14		$36	
$40–$49	6,460,725		4.47		$45	
$50 or more	2,779,299		6.15		$56	
	9,666,904		4.85		$48	





 






ASSUMPTIONS USED IN STOCK OPTION PRICING MODEL




The fair value of options granted was determined using a variation of a binomial option pricing model that takes into account factors specific to the share incentive plans, such as the vesting period. The following table shows the principal assumptions used in the valuation.





	2015	
Weighted average fair value per option granted	$2.25	
Weighted average share price	$55	
Weighted average exercise price	$56	
Dividend yield	4.6	%
Expected volatility	15	%
Risk-free interest rate	0.7	%
Expected life (years)	4.5	





 




Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatility of BCE’s share price. The risk-free rate used is equal to the yield available on Government of Canada bonds at the date of grant with a term equal to the expected life of the options.




DSUS




Eligible bonuses and RSUs/PSUs may be paid in the form of DSUs when executives or other key employees elect to or are required to participate in the plan. The value of a DSU at the issuance date is equal to the value of one BCE common share. For non-management directors, compensation is paid in DSUs until the minimum share ownership requirement is met or as elected by the directors thereafter. There are no vesting requirements relating to DSUs. Dividends in the form of additional DSUs are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. DSUs are settled when the holder leaves the company.



154 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS





The following table summarizes the status of outstanding DSUs at December 31, 2015 and 2014.





NUMBER OF DSUs	2015		2014	
Outstanding, January 1	4,116,527		3,625,053	
Issued (1)	174,672		142,231	
Settlement of RSUs/PSUs	216,500		415,091	
Dividends credited	201,721		202,885	
Settled	(913,369	)	(268,733	)
Outstanding, December 31	3,796,051		4,116,527	





 



(1)	The weighted average fair value of the DSUs issued was $55 and $48 in 2015 and 2014, respectively.



 




Note 27 Commitments and contingencies





Commitments




The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2015 that are due in each of the next five years and thereafter.





	NOTE		2016		2017		2018		2019		2020		THERE- AFTER		TOTAL	
Operating leases			287		257		206		178		154		814		1,896	
Commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets			946		650		570		497		448		1,373		4,484	
Purchase obligations			1,140		578		541		525		452		1,645		4,881	
National expansion of TMN (1)	3		190		–		–		–		–		–		190	
Total			2,563		1,485		1,317		1,200		1,054		3,832		11,451	





 



(1)	This commitment was settled in the first quarter of 2016.





BCE’s significant operating leases are for office premises, cellular tower sites and retail outlets with lease terms ranging from one to 42 years. These leases are non-cancellable and are renewable at the end of the lease period. Rental expense relating to operating leases was $340 million in 2015 and $335 million in 2014.




Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include program and feature film rights and investments to expand and update our networks to meet customer demand.




Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product contracts for operating expenditures.




Contingencies





We become involved in various legal proceedings as a part of our business. While we cannot predict the final outcome or timing of the legal proceedings pending at December 31, 2015, based on the information currently available and management’s assessment of the merits of such legal proceedings, management believes that the resolution of these legal proceedings will not have a material and negative effect on our financial statements. We believe that we have strong defences and we intend to vigorously defend our positions.



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 155
NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	



 




Note 28 Related party transactions





Subsidiaries




The following table shows BCE’s significant subsidiaries at December 31, 2015. BCE has other subsidiaries which have not been included in the table as each represents less than 10% individually, and less than 20% in aggregate, of total consolidated revenues.




All of these subsidiaries are incorporated in Canada and provide services to each other in the normal course of operations. The value of these transactions is eliminated on consolidation.





	OWNERSHIP PERCENTAGE
SUBSIDIARY	2015		2014	
Bell Canada	100	%	100	%
Bell Mobility	100	%	100	%
Bell Aliant (1)	N/A		100	%
Bell Media	100	%	100	%





 



(1)	On July 1, 2015, Bell Aliant
		was wound up into Bell Canada.



 




Transactions with joint arrangements and associates





During 2015 and 2014, BCE provided telecommunication services and received programming content and other services in the normal course of business on an arm’s length basis to and from its joint arrangements and associates. Our joint arrangements are comprised of MLSE, Glentel, Inukshuk, Enstream Inc., Cirque du Soleil Media Limited Partnership, Dome Productions Partnership and Argonauts Holdings Limited Partnership. Our associates are comprised of Summerhill Ventures LLP, Q9 Networks Inc., The NHL Network Inc. and Suretap Wallet Inc. From time to time, BCE may be required to make capital contributions in its investments.




BCE recognized revenues and incurred expenses with our associates and joint arrangements of $8 million (2014–$6 million) and $104 million (2014–$56 million), respectively.




BCE Master Trust Fund







Bimcor Inc. (Bimcor), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bell Canada, is the administrator of the Master Trust. Bimcor recognized management fees of $13 million from the Master Trust for 2015 and $12 million for 2014. The details of BCE’s post-employment benefit plans are set out in Note 21, 
Post-employment benefit plans
.




Compensation of key management personnel and board of directors





The following table includes compensation of the key management personnel and board of directors for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 included in our income statements. Key management personnel include the company’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Group President and the executives who report directly to them.





FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Wages, salaries, fees and related taxes and benefits	(32	)	(24	)
Post-employment benefit plans and OPEBs cost	(3	)	(4	)
Share-based compensation	(27	)	(26	)
Key management personnel and board of directors compensation expense	(62	)	(54	)





 


 


 



156 BCE Inc. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
	NOTES TO
		CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



 


 




Note 29 Significant partly-owned subsidiaries





The following tables show summarized financial information for our subsidiaries with significant NCI.




Summarized statements
		of financial position



 





	CTV SPECIALTY (1)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014	
Current assets	272		255	
Non-current assets	1,030		999	
Total assets	1,302		1,254	
Current liabilities	142		152	
Non-current liabilities	200		185	
Total liabilities	342		337	
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders	673		643	
NCI	287		274	





 



(1)	At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the ownership interest held by NCI in CTV Specialty was 29.9%. CTV Specialty was incorporated and operated in Canada as at such dates.



 




Selected income and
		cash flow information



 





	CTV SPECIALTY (1)	BELL ALIANT (2)(3)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31	2015		2014		2014	
Operating revenues	805		807		2,757	
Net earnings	166		174		328	
Net earnings attributable to NCI	52		53		165	
Total comprehensive income	174		175		171	
Total comprehensive income
attributable to NCI	54		54		72	
Cash dividends paid to NCI	41		2		143	





 



(1)	CTV Specialty net earnings and total comprehensive income includes $3 million and $2 million, respectively, directly attributable to NCI for 2015 and 2014.




(2)	In 2014, BCE acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Bell Aliant that it did not already own, therefore eliminating the 55.9% ownership interest held by NCI. Refer to Note 24, Privatization of Bell Aliant.




(3)	Bell Aliant net earnings and total comprehensive income include $22 million of dividends declared on preferred shares for 2014.



 


 



BCE Inc. 2015
		ANNUAL REPORT 157










