                                                        UNITED STATES
                                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                               WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                                           FORM 40-F


       ☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                                                OR

       ☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13(a) OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended:     December 31, 2024                                            Commission File Number:   1-8481



                                                           BCE INC.
                                       (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                              Canada
                                 (Province or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
                                                              4813
                             (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number (if applicable))
                                                           98-0134477
                                      (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number (if applicable))
                                  1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor,
                                       Verdun, Québec, Canada H3E 3B3, (514) 870-8777
                             (Address and telephone number of Registrant’s principal executive offices)



                  CT Corporation System, 28 Liberty St., New York, New York 10005, (212) 894-8940
  (Name, address (including zip code) and telephone number (including area code) of agent for service in the United States)
                                          Copies of all correspondence should be sent to:

     Melanie Schweizer                                       Mario Schollmeyer
     Senior Vice-President, Corporate Services and Corporate Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
     Secretary                                               125 Broad Street
     BCE Inc.                                                New York, New York 10004-2498
     1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell                      Tel: (212) 558-4000
     Building A, 7th Floor
     Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3
     Canada
     Tel: (514) 786-8424
                                    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         Title of each class                     Trading symbol                 Name of each exchange on which registered

          Common shares                               BCE                               New York Stock Exchange


                                 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
                Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None
                       For annual reports, indicate by check mark the information filed with this form:
                               ☒ Annual Information Form ☒ Audited Annual Financial Statements
Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the
period covered by the annual report:

     Common Shares                                                                                           912,283,103
     First Preferred Shares
         Series R                                                                                              7,610,500
         Series S                                                                                              2,001,167
         Series T                                                                                              5,175,533
         Series Y                                                                                              5,958,652
         Series Z                                                                                              2,658,031
         Series AA                                                                                            11,171,231
         Series AB                                                                                             6,399,439
         Series AC                                                                                             6,312,874
         Series AD                                                                                            11,722,138
         Series AE                                                                                             5,827,613
         Series AF                                                                                             8,820,587
         Series AG                                                                                             8,316,930
         Series AH                                                                                             4,655,070
         Series AI                                                                                             8,972,840
         Series AJ                                                                                             3,827,260
         Series AK                                                                                            21,391,312
         Series AL                                                                                             1,724,288
         Series AM                                                                                             9,951,978
         Series AN                                                                                             1,004,422
         Series AQ                                                                                             8,102,214
     Total First Preferred Shares                                                                            141,604,079


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
                                                          Yes: ☒ No: ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files).
                                                          Yes: ☒ No: ☐



                                                                                                                              2
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

        Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised accounting
standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-
based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §
240.10D-1(b). ☐


                                                                                                                                 3
                                    PRIOR FILINGS MODIFIED AND SUPERSEDED
The annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc. (“BCE”) for the year ended December 31, 2024, at the time of filing with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or “Commission”), modifies and supersedes all prior documents filed
pursuant to Sections 13, 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for purposes of any offers or sales of any securities after the date of
such filing pursuant to any registration statement or prospectus filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 which incorporates
by reference such annual report on Form 40-F.

                          ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                              AND MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
A. Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
The BCE annual audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the “BCE 2024 Financial
Statements”) are contained in Exhibit 99.3 and are incorporated herein by reference.
B. Management’s Discussion and Analysis
BCE management’s discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the “BCE 2024 MD&A”) is contained in
Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

                                    DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed or submitted under Canadian or U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified under those laws, and include controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s President and Chief Executive Officer
(“CEO”) and Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.
As at December 31, 2024, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the CEO and the
CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, and
under National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.
Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as at
December 31, 2024.

                               INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
A. Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of BCE’s management entitled “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” is contained in
Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.
B. Auditors’ report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of independent registered public accounting firm concerning the effectiveness of BCE’s internal control over
financial reporting is contained in Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.




                                                                                                                                4
C. Changes in internal control over financial reporting
There have been no changes during the year ended December 31, 2024 in our internal control over financial reporting that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

                             STATEMENT REGARDING CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
There can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures to disclose all
material information otherwise required to be set forth in our disclosure. Furthermore, a control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to the reliability of financial
reporting and financial statement preparation. Accordingly, BCE does not expect that BCE’s internal control over financial
reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. BCE will continue to periodically review its disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting and may make modifications from time to time as considered
necessary or desirable.

                                       AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
In respect of the current members of BCE’s Audit Committee (“Audit Committee”), the board of directors of BCE determined
that the current Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. L.P. Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux are qualified as
“audit committee financial experts”, and that all members of the Audit Committee are independent under the listing standards
of the New York Stock Exchange.

                                                      CODE OF ETHICS
All employees, directors and officers must follow Bell Canada’s Code of Business Conduct (the “Code of Conduct”), which
provides guidelines for ethical behaviour. The Code of Conduct includes additional guidelines for executive officers and
management, including the CEO, CFO, Controller and Treasurer. The Code of Conduct is available in the governance section
of BCE’s website at BCE.ca and will be provided in print at no charge to any person who sends a written request by mail to
BCE Inc. addressed to the Corporate Secretary, at 1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor, Verdun,
Québec, Canada H3E 3B3.

In 2024, amendments were made to the Code of Conduct in order to:


  –    update the section entitled Protecting Confidential Information to clarify and update its language;
  –    create a new section entitled Supplier Relations – Foreign Jurisdictions to clarify that Bell Canada must abide by
       applicable sanctions and export controls laws, and address the establishment of supplier relationships in foreign
       jurisdictions;
  –    update the sections entitled Safeguarding Bell Assets, Workplace and Environmental Leadership to reorganize and
       update the information contained in these sections; and
  –    create a new section entitled Development and Use of Artificial Intelligence Technologies to reflect the adoption of
       Bell Canada’s Responsible Artificial Intelligence (AI) Policy.
In addition to these changes, certain other technical, administrative and non-substantive amendments were made to the Code
of Conduct.
A copy of the Code of Conduct, as amended, has been posted on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.

                                   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
A brief description of our pre-approval policies and procedures and information about fees and services billed to us by our
principal accountant, Deloitte LLP (PCAOB ID No. 1208) can be found under the sections entitled “Pre-approval policies and
procedures” and “External auditors’ fees” on pages 52 and 53 of our Annual Information Form contained in Exhibit 99.1,
which sections are incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 40-F.




                                                                                                                                  5
In 2024 and 2023, no audit-related, tax or other services were submitted to BCE’s Audit Committee for approval pursuant to
the pre-approval requirement waiver provision set out in paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X.

                  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
Please see the sections entitled “Contractual obligations” and “Indemnifications and guarantees” on page 76 of the BCE 2024
MD&A contained in Exhibit 99.2 (which sections are incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 40-F) for a
discussion of certain off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations.

                                  IDENTIFICATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
BCE has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the
Exchange Act. BCE’s Audit Committee is comprised of six independent members: Mr. L.P. Pagnutti (Chair), Ms. K. Lee, Ms.
M.F. Leroux, Ms. J. Tory, Mr. J. Wibergh and Mr. C. Wright.

                                             MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
                                                     UNDERTAKING
BCE undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the Commission
staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the securities in
relation to which the obligation to file this annual report on Form 40-F arises or transactions in said securities.
                                               WEBSITE INFORMATION
Notwithstanding any reference to BCE’s website or other websites on the World Wide Web in this annual report on Form 40-F
or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, the information contained in BCE’s website or any other site on the World
Wide Web referred to in this annual report on Form 40-F or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, or referred to in
BCE’s website, is not a part of this annual report on Form 40-F and, therefore, is not filed with the Commission.

       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES FROM NYSE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RULES
A summary of significant differences between corporate governance practices followed by BCE and corporate governance
practices required to be followed by U.S. domestic companies under the New York Stock Exchange’s Listing Standards
(disclosure required by section 303A.11 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual) is available in the governance section of
BCE’s website at BCE.ca.



                                                                                                                              6
                                                         SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on
Form 40-F and has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

                                                                                            BCE Inc.

                                                                                            By:      (signed) Curtis Millen
                                                                                                     Curtis Millen
                                                                                                     Executive Vice-President
                                                                                                     and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                            Date:    March 7, 2025




                                                                                                                                   7
                                                                                                     LIST OF EXHIBITS
                                                                                                     TO FORM 40-F
BCE Inc. Policy for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation from
executive officers                                                                                       Exhibit 97
Annual Information Form of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2024                                Exhibit 99.1
Management's Discussion and Analysis of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2024                   Exhibit 99.2
Annual audited consolidated financial statements of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31,
2024                                                                                                    Exhibit 99.3
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting and the Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon                                                               Exhibit 99.4
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                                Exhibit 99.5
Bell Canada Unaudited Selected Summary Financial Information                                            Exhibit 99.6
Earnings Coverage                                                                                       Exhibit 99.7
Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                  Exhibit 99.31
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                     Exhibit 99.32
Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)                                                        Exhibit 101
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)                Exhibit 104



                                                                                                                        8
                                                                                                                                          Exhibit 97

                                            BCE INC. POLICY FOR THE
                         RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION
                                           FROM EXECUTIVE OFFICERS


I. BACKGROUND

         BCE Inc. (the “Company”) has adopted this policy (this “Policy”) to provide for the recovery or “clawback” of certain incentive
compensation in the event of a Restatement (as defined below). This Policy is intended to comply with, and will be interpreted to be consistent
with, the requirements of Section 303A.14 of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) Listed Company Manual (the “Listing Standard”).

II. STATEMENT OF POLICY

         The Company shall recover reasonably promptly the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in the event that
the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting
requirement under applicable securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial
statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected
in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a “Restatement”).

        The Company shall recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in compliance with this Policy except to the extent
provided under the section entitled “V. Exceptions” herein.

III. SCOPE OF POLICY

         A. Covered Persons and Recovery Period. This Policy applies to all Incentive-Based Compensation received by a person:

    ●    after beginning service as an Executive Officer,
    ●    who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation,
    ●    while the Company has a class of securities listed on NYSE, and
    ●    during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement (the
         “Recovery Period”).

        Notwithstanding this look-back requirement, the Company is only required to apply this Policy to Incentive-Based Compensation
received on or after October 2, 2023.

         For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed “received” in the Company’s fiscal period during which the
Financial Reporting Measure (as defined herein) specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant
of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period.

      B. Transition Period. In addition to the Recovery Period, this Policy applies to any transition period (that results from a change in the
Company’s fiscal year) within or immediately following the Recovery Period (a “Transition Period”), provided that a

                                                                         -1-
Transition Period between the last day of the Company’s previous fiscal year end and the first day of the Company’s new fiscal year that comprises a
period of nine to 12 months will be deemed a completed fiscal year. For clarity, the Company’s obligation to recover erroneously awarded Incentive-
Based Compensation under this Policy is not dependent on if or when a Restatement is filed.

         C. Determining Recovery Period. For purposes of determining the relevant Recovery Period, the date that the Company is required to
prepare the Restatement is the earlier to occur of:

    ●    the date the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”), a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company
         authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is
         required to prepare a Restatement, and
    ●    the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement.

IV. AMOUNT SUBJECT TO RECOVERY

         A. Recoverable Amount. The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to recovery under this Policy is the amount of
Incentive-Based Compensation received that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been received had
it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid.

          B. Covered Compensation Based on the Company’s Common Share Price or TSR. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on the
price of the Company’s common shares or total shareholder return (“TSR”), where the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based
Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Restatement, the recoverable amount shall be based
on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the share price or TSR upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received.
In such event, the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to
the NYSE.

V. EXCEPTIONS

         The Company shall recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in compliance with this Policy except to the extent that
the conditions set out below are met and the Management Resources and Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) has made a determination
that recovery would be impracticable:

         A. Direct Expense Exceeds Recoverable Amount. The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would
exceed the amount to be recovered; provided, however, that before concluding it would be impracticable to recover any amount of erroneously
awarded Incentive-Based Compensation based on the anticipated expense of enforcement, the Company shall make a reasonable attempt to
recover such erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that
documentation to the NYSE.

        B. Violation of Home Country Law. Recovery would violate applicable Canadian federal or provincial law (“Canadian law”) where that
law was adopted prior to November

                                                                          -2-
28, 2022; provided, however, that before concluding it would be impracticable to recover any amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based
Compensation based on violation of Canadian law, the Company shall obtain an opinion of Canadian counsel, acceptable to the NYSE, that recovery
would result in such a violation, and shall provide such opinion to NYSE.

        C. Recovery from Certain Tax-Qualified Retirement Plans. Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan,
under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C.
411(a) and regulations thereunder.

VI. PROHIBITION AGAINST INDEMNIFICATION

       The Company shall not indemnify any Executive Officer or former Executive Officer against the loss of erroneously awarded Incentive-
Based Compensation.

VII. DISCLOSURE

       The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to recoveries under this Policy in accordance with the requirements of all applicable
Canadian and U.S. Federal securities laws, including the disclosure required to be included in applicable Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) filings.

VIII. DEFINITIONS

        Unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions apply for purposes of this Policy:

         “Executive Officer” means the Company’s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such
accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales,
administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policymaking
functions for the Company. Executive officers of the Company’s subsidiaries are deemed Executive Officers of the Company if they perform
such policy making functions for the Company. Policy-making function is not intended to include policymaking functions that are not significant.
Identification of an Executive Officer for purposes of this Policy will include at a minimum executive officers identified pursuant to 17 CFR
229.401(b).

        “Financial Reporting Measures” means any of the following: (i) measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the
accounting principles used in preparing the Company’s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such
measures, (ii) stock price and (iii) TSR. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company’s financial statements or
included in a filing with the SEC.

         “Incentive-Based Compensation” means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment
of a Financial Reporting Measure.

                                                                        -3-
IX. ADMINISTRATION; AMENDMENT; TERMINATION.

         All determinations under this Policy will be made by the Committee, including determinations regarding how any recovery under this
Policy is effected. Any determinations of the Committee will be final, binding and conclusive and need not be uniform with respect to each
individual covered by this Policy.

The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time and may terminate this Policy at any time, in each case in its sole discretion.

X. EFFECTIVENESS; OTHER RECOUPMENT RIGHTS

          This Policy shall be effective as of December 1, 2023. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any
other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates under applicable law or pursuant
to the terms of any similar policy or similar provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement.

                                                                         -4-
                                       Exhibit 99.1



Building
connections




ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
MARCH 6, 2025
              In this Annual Information Form, we, us, our, BCE and the company mean, as the context may require, either
              BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates. Bell
              means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada or, collectively, Bell Canada, its subsidiaries, joint
              arrangements and associates.
              Each section of BCE’s 2022, 2023 and 2024 management’s discussion and analysis (BCE 2022 MD&A, BCE
              2023 MD&A and BCE 2024 MD&A, respectively) and each section of BCE’s 2024 consolidated financial
              statements referred to in this Annual Information Form is incorporated by reference herein. No other document
              shall be considered to be incorporated by reference in this Annual Information Form. The BCE 2022 MD&A, BCE
              2023 MD&A, BCE 2024 MD&A and BCE 2024 consolidated financial statements have been filed with the
              Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at sedarplus.ca) and with the United States (U.S.)
              Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as exhibits to BCE’s annual reports on Form 40-F (available at
              sec.gov). They are also available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
              Unless otherwise indicated herein, documents and other information contained in BCE’s website or in any other
              site referred to in BCE’s website or in this Annual Information Form are not part of this Annual Information Form
              and are not incorporated by reference herein.
              All dollar figures are in Canadian dollars, unless stated otherwise. The information in this Annual Information
              Form is as of March 6, 2025, unless stated otherwise, and except for information in documents incorporated by
              reference that have a different date.

Trademarks in this Annual Information Form which are owned or used under licence by BCE Inc., Bell Canada or their subsidiaries include, without
limitation, BCE, BELL Design, BELL MOBILITY and BELL MEDIA. This Annual Information Form also includes trademarks of other parties. The
trademarks referred to in this Annual Information Form may be listed without the ® and TM symbols.
© BCE Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.




2 BCE INC.     2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Table of contents
                                                                                                                                                                    Parts of MD&A and financial statements
                                                                                                                                    Annual                      incorporated by reference (references are to
                                                                                                                               information                    pages of the BCE 2024 Annual financial report,
                                                                                                                                      form                                except where otherwise indicated)
       1 Caution regarding forward-looking statements                                                                                       4                                     30-31; 38; 59; 64; 88-99
       2 Corporate structure                                                                                                                7
             2.1 Incorporation and registered office                                                                                        7
             2.2 Subsidiaries                                                                                                               7
       3 Description of our business                                                                                                        8
             3.1 General summary                                                                                                            8                                 13-16; 45; 53; 58-59; 64; 81
             3.2 Strategic imperatives                                                                                                      9                                                        32-36
             3.3 Our operational transformation                                                                                             9
             3.4 Competitive strengths                                                                                                    10                                                             34
             3.5 Marketing and distribution channels                                                                                      17
             3.6 Networks                                                                                                                 19
             3.7 Employees                                                                                                                23
             3.8 Corporate responsibility                                                                                                 24                                                         21-31
             3.9 Competitive environment                                                                                                  25                                   39-40; 56-58; 59; 62-63; 65
            3.10 Regulatory environment                                                                                                   26                                                         82-87
            3.11 Intangible properties                                                                                                    26
       4 General development of our business – three-year history                                                                         27
          4.1 Transactions                                                                                                                27
             4.2 Corporate developments                                                                                                   30            17-21; 32-36; 18-23(1); 35-38(1); 18-21(2); 33-36(2)
             4.3 Regulatory environment                                                                                                   30                                       82-87; 83-87(1); 86-90(2)
       5 Our capital structure                                                                                                            31
          5.1 BCE securities                                                                                                              31                                                       158-159
          5.2 Bell Canada debt securities                                                                                                 32                                                       146-147
             5.3 Credit ratings                                                                                                           34
             5.4 Trading of our securities                                                                                                38
       6 Dividends and dividend payout policy                                                                                             40                                                18-21; 104-108
       7 Our directors and executive officers                                                                                             43
          7.1 Directors                                                                                                                   43
          7.2 Executive officers                                                                                                          45
             7.3 Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership                                                                       45
       8 Legal proceedings                                                                                                                46
       9 Interest of management and others in material transactions                                                                       49
      10 Interest of experts                                                                                                              49
      11 Transfer agent and registrar                                                                                                     49
      12 For more information                                                                                                             50
      13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information                                                                                         51
      14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter                                                                                             54




(1)   References to parts of the BCE 2023 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual financial report for the year ended December 31, 2023 (BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report).
(2)   References to parts of the BCE 2022 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual financial report for the year ended December 31, 2022 (BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report).




3 BCE INC.             2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
1 Caution regarding
  forward-looking statements
Certain statements made in this Annual Information Form are forward-looking statements. These statements include, without limitation,
statements relating to the proposed acquisition by Bell Canada of Northwest Fiber Holdco, LLC (doing business as Ziply Fiber (Ziply Fiber)),
the expected timing and completion thereof, the sources of liquidity we expect to use to fund the proposed acquisition, certain potential
benefits expected to result from the proposed acquisition including the combined Bell Canada and Ziply Fiber target number of fibre locations
to be reached by the end of 2028, Bell Canada’s growth prospects and strategic positioning, the proposed disposition of BCE’s ownership
stake in Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE), the expected timing and completion thereof, the intended use by BCE of the net
proceeds from the proposed disposition and the planned access by Bell Media to content rights for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto
Raptors for the next 20 years, the proposed disposition of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel), the expected timing and completion thereof, the
intended use by Bell Canada of the proceeds from the proposed disposition and the planned continuation of a Bell Canada partnership with
Northwestel beyond transaction close, BCE’s common share dividend, expected dividend payout ratio level in 2025 and dividend payout policy
target, the reduction of BCE’s net debt leverage ratio, BCE’s anticipated reductions in capital expenditures, BCE’s network deployment plans,
the status of the Shareholder Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) and the time period during which the discount
thereunder will be maintained by BCE, our transformation initiatives, the successful development and implementation of artificial intelligence
(AI) solutions, either by us or pursuant to certain partnerships entered into by BCE, the intended use of the net proceeds of Bell Canada’s
offering of debt securities, BCE’s business, outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities, and other statements that do not refer to
historical facts. A statement we make is forward-looking when it uses what we know and expect today to make a statement about the future.
Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the words assumption, goal, guidance, objective, outlook, project, strategy, target,
commitment and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may,
plan, seek, should, strive, will and would. All such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of applicable
Canadian securities laws and of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form describe our expectations as at March 6, 2025
and, accordingly, are subject to change after that date. Except as may be required by applicable securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and
specific, which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, such
forward-looking statements and that our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities may not be achieved. These statements are not
guarantees of future performance or events, and we caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are presented in this Annual Information Form for the purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives, strategic priorities and
business outlook, as well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned, however, that such information may not be appropriate for
other purposes.
Subject to various factors, we believe that the assumptions on which the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Information Form are based
were reasonable as at March 6, 2025. Refer in particular to the sub-sections of the BCE 2024 MD&A entitled Assumptions on pages 30 to 31, 38, 59, and
64 of BCE’s annual financial report for the year ended December 31, 2024 (BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report) for a discussion of certain key
economic, market, operational and other assumptions we have made in preparing forward-looking statements. If our assumptions turn out to be
inaccurate, actual results or events could be materially different from what we expect.
Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously mentioned
forward-looking statements and other forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Information Form include, but are not limited to: the negative
effect of adverse economic conditions, including trade wars resulting from the imposition of U.S. tariffs on imports from Canada and retaliatory tariffs by
the Canadian government on goods coming from the U.S., recessions, reductions in immigration levels, high housing support costs relative to income,
and financial and capital market
4 BCE INC.     2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
volatility, and the resulting negative impact on customer spending and the demand for our products and services; the negative effect of adverse conditions
associated with geopolitical events; the intensity of competitive activity and the failure to effectively respond to evolving competitive dynamics; the level of
technological substitution and the presence of alternative service providers contributing to disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business
segments; changing customer behaviour and the expansion of cloud-based, over-the-top (OTT) and other alternative solutions; advertising market
pressures from economic conditions, fragmentation and non-traditional/global digital services; rising content costs and challenges in our ability to acquire
or develop key content; high Canadian Internet and smartphone penetration; regulatory initiatives, proceedings and decisions, government consultations
and government positions that negatively affect us and influence our business including, without limitation, concerning mandatory access to networks,
spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership
requirements, privacy and cybersecurity obligations and control of copyright piracy; the inability to implement enhanced compliance frameworks and to
comply with legal and regulatory obligations; unfavourable resolution of legal proceedings; the failure to evolve and transform our networks, systems and
operations using next-generation technologies while lowering our cost structure, including the failure to meet customer expectations of product and
service experience; the inability to drive a positive customer experience; the inability to protect our physical and non-physical assets from events such as
information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire and natural disasters; the failure to implement an effective security and data governance
framework; the risk that we may need to incur significant capital expenditures to provide additional capacity and reduce network congestion; service
interruptions or outages due to network failures or slowdowns; events affecting the functionality of, and our ability to protect, test, maintain, replace and
upgrade, our networks, information technology (IT) systems, equipment and other facilities; the failure by other telecommunications carriers on which we
rely to provide services to complete planned and sufficient testing, maintenance, replacement or upgrade of their networks, equipment and other facilities,
which could disrupt our operations including through network or other infrastructure failures; the complexity of our operations and IT systems and the
failure to implement, maintain or manage highly effective processes and IT systems; in-orbit and other operational risks to which the satellites used to
provide our satellite television (TV) services are subject; the failure to attract, develop and retain a talented team capable of furthering our strategic
imperatives and high-tech transformation; the potential deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting from staff reductions, cost reductions
or reorganizations and the de-prioritization of transformation initiatives due to staff reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations; the failure to adequately
manage health and safety concerns; labour disruptions and shortages; the inability to access adequate sources of capital and generate sufficient cash
flows from operating activities to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and provide for planned growth; uncertainty as to whether our
dividend payout policy will be maintained or achieved, or that the dividend on common shares will be maintained or dividends on any of BCE’s
outstanding shares will be declared by BCE’s board of directors (BCE Board); the failure to reduce costs and adequately assess investment priorities, as
well as unexpected increases in costs; the inability to manage various credit, liquidity and market risks; the failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor
and control fraudulent activities; new or higher taxes due to new tax laws or changes thereto or in the interpretation thereof, and the inability to predict the
outcome of government audits; the impact on our financial statements and estimates from a number of factors; pension obligation volatility and increased
contributions to post-employment benefit plans; the expected timing and completion of the proposed disposition of Northwestel are subject to closing
conditions, termination rights and other risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, the purchaser securing financing and the completion of
confirmatory due diligence, which may affect its completion, terms or timing and, as such, there can be no assurance that the proposed disposition will
occur, or that it will occur on the terms and conditions, or at the time, currently contemplated, or that the potential benefits expected to result from the
proposed disposition will be realized; the expected timing and completion of the proposed disposition of BCE’s ownership stake in MLSE and the planned
access by Bell Media to content rights for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors for the next 20 years through a long-term agreement with Rogers
Communications Inc. (Rogers) are subject to closing conditions, termination rights and other risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, relevant
sports league and other customary approvals, which may affect its completion, terms or timing, and the intended use of proceeds by BCE from the
proposed disposition may vary based on timing of closing of the disposition and other factors and, as such, there can be no assurance that the proposed
disposition, the anticipated use of proceeds and the potential benefits expected to result from the proposed disposition will occur or be realized, or that
they will occur or be realized on the terms and conditions, or at the time, currently contemplated; the expected timing and completion of the proposed
acquisition of Ziply Fiber are subject to customary closing conditions, termination rights and other risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation,
relevant regulatory approvals, such as approval by the Federal Communications Commission and approvals by state Public Utilities Commissions, which
may affect its completion, terms or timing and, as such, there can be no assurance that the proposed acquisition will occur, or that it will occur on the
terms and conditions, or at the time, currently contemplated, or that the potential benefits expected to result from the proposed


5 BCE INC.      2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
acquisition will be realized; reputational risks and the inability to meaningfully integrate environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations into
our business strategy, operations and governance; the adverse impact of various internal and external factors on our ability to achieve our ESG targets,
including, without limitation, those related to greenhouse gas emissions reduction; the failure to take appropriate actions to adapt to current and emerging
environmental impacts, including climate change; the failure to develop and implement sufficient corporate governance practices; the inability to
adequately manage social issues; health risks, including pandemics, epidemics and other health concerns, such as radio frequency emissions from
wireless communications devices and equipment; our dependence on third-party suppliers, outsourcers and consultants to provide an uninterrupted
supply of the products and services we need; the failure of our vendor selection, governance and oversight processes, including our management of
supplier risk in the areas of security, data governance and responsible procurement; the quality of our products and services and the extent to which they
may be subject to defects or fail to comply with applicable government regulations and standards.
These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-
looking statements are discussed in this Annual Information Form and the BCE 2024 MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business risks of the BCE
2024 MD&A, on pages 88 to 99, of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report.
Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Information Form for periods beyond 2025 involve longer-term assumptions and estimates than
forward-looking statements for 2025 and are consequently subject to greater uncertainty. Forward-looking statements for periods beyond 2025 further
assume, unless otherwise indicated, that the risks described above and in section 9, Business risks of the BCE 2024 MD&A will remain substantially
unchanged during such periods.
We caution readers that the risks described above are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us
or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
reputation. We regularly consider potential acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, business combinations, investments, monetizations, joint ventures and
other transactions, some of which may be significant. Except as otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact
of any such transactions or of special items that may be announced or that may occur after March 6, 2025. The financial impact of these transactions and
special items can be complex and depends on facts particular to each of them. We therefore cannot describe the expected impact in a meaningful way or
in the same way we present known risks affecting our business.


6 BCE INC.     2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
2                    Corporate structure
2.1                 Incorporation and registered office
BCE Inc. was incorporated in 1970 and was continued under the Canada Business Corporations Act in 1979. It is governed by a certificate and articles of
amalgamation dated August 1, 2004, as amended by: (a) a certificate and articles of arrangement dated July 10, 2006 to implement a plan of
arrangement providing for the distribution by BCE Inc. to its shareholders of units in the Bell Aliant Regional Communications Income Fund and to
consolidate outstanding BCE Inc. common shares; (b) a certificate and articles of amendment dated January 25, 2007 to implement a plan of
arrangement providing for the exchange of Bell Canada preferred shares for BCE Inc. preferred shares; (c) a certificate and articles of amendment dated
June 29, 2011 to create two additional series of BCE Inc. Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares (first preferred shares); and (d) certificates and
articles of amendment dated September 22, 2014 and November 11, 2014 to create six additional series of BCE Inc. first preferred shares. BCE Inc.’s
head and registered offices are located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3.




2.2                 Subsidiaries
The table below shows BCE Inc.’s main subsidiaries at December 31, 2024, which are all incorporated in Canada, and the percentage of voting securities
that BCE Inc. directly or indirectly held in such subsidiaries on that date. BCE Inc. has other subsidiaries that have not been included in the table since
each represented 10% or less of our total consolidated assets and 10% or less of our total consolidated operating revenues at December 31, 2024.
These other subsidiaries together represented 20% or less of our total consolidated assets and 20% or less of our total consolidated operating revenues
at December 31, 2024.

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Percentage of voting securities held
Subsidiary                                                                                                                                                                                        by BCE Inc. at December 31, 2024(1)

Bell Canada                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  100%
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           100%
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              100%

(1)   At December 31, 2024, BCE Inc. directly held 94.1% of the voting securities of Bell Canada and indirectly held the remaining 5.9% through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell MTS Inc. (Bell MTS). BCE Inc. indirectly held all the
      voting securities of: (i) Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) through Bell Canada, which in turn indirectly held all the voting securities of Bell Mobility through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell Mobility Holdings Inc.; and (ii) Bell Media
      Inc. (Bell Media) through Bell Canada.



7 BCE INC.               2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3                  Description of our business
This section contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements relating to our anticipated capital expenditures and
network deployment plans, our transformation initiatives and the benefits expected to result therefrom, the successful development and
implementation of artificial intelligence (AI) solutions, either by us or pursuant to certain partnerships entered into by BCE, our proposed
acquisitions and dispositions, and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to section 1, Caution regarding
forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form.




3.1                General summary
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company,(1) providing residential, business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their
communications needs.
Our results are reported in two segments: Bell Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS) and Bell Media.
Bell CTS provides a wide range of communication products and services to consumer, business and government customers across Canada. Wireless
products and services include mobile data and voice plans, streaming services, and devices and are available nationally. Wireline products and services
comprise data (including Internet access, Internet protocol television (IPTV), cloud-based services and business solutions), voice, and other
communication services and products, which are available to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily
in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally across
Canada. In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or
to resellers and other carriers as well as the results of operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. (The
Source). In 2024, Bell Canada announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 167 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in
Canada, which have been rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive
telecommunications services from Bell.
Our Bell Media segment provides a portfolio of assets in premium video, audio, out-of-home (OOH) advertising, and digital media to customers nationally
across Canada. Revenues are derived primarily from advertising and subscriber fees.
Additional information regarding our business operations and the products and services we provide can be found in section 1.2, About BCE of the BCE
2024 MD&A, on pages 13 to 16 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report. Additional information regarding the business outlook of our Bell CTS and
Bell Media segments can be found in the sections entitled Business outlook and assumptions of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on pages 58 to 59, and 64 of the
BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report.
In addition to our operating segments, we also hold investments in a number of other assets, including:
          •   a 37.5% indirect equity interest in MLSE(2);
          •   a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel);
          •   a 20.2% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens Hockey Club, evenko and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec,
              as well as Place Bell in Laval, Québec.
A discussion of the key transactions completed by BCE since 2022 can be found in section 4.1, Transactions of this Annual Information Form.
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we generated consolidated operating revenues of $24,409 million and $24,673 million, respectively,
and consolidated net earnings of $375 million and $2,327 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2024, Bell CTS’ operating revenues
totaled $21,619 million ($21,592 million external revenues) and Bell Media’s operating revenues totaled $3,151 million ($2,817 million external revenues).
For the year ended December 31, 2023, Bell CTS’ operating revenues totaled $21,926 million ($21,897 million external revenues) and Bell Media’s
operating revenues totaled $3,117 million ($2,776 million external revenues). A table showing the operating revenues that each segment contributed to
total operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 can be found in section 4.3, Operating revenues of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on
page 45 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report. A table showing the operating revenues of our Bell CTS segment


(1)   Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.
(2)   On September 18, 2024, BCE announced that it has reached an agreement to sell its ownership stake in MLSE for $4.7 billion to Rogers, subject to relevant sports league and other customary approvals. The transaction is
      expected to close in mid-2025.

8 BCE INC.             2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
by category of products and services can be found in section 5.1, Bell CTS of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on page 53 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial
Report.
Some of our segments’ revenues vary slightly by season. For more information, refer to section 7.2, Quarterly financial information – Seasonality
considerations of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on page 81 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report.




3.2                Strategic imperatives
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. Our strategy builds on our long-standing strengths in networks,
service innovation and content creation, and positions the company for continued growth and innovation leadership. Our primary business objectives are
to grow our subscriber base profitably and to maximize revenues, operating profit, free cash flow and return on invested capital by further enhancing our
position as the foremost provider in Canada of comprehensive communications services to residential, business and wholesale customers, and as
Canada’s leading media and entertainment company. We seek to take advantage of opportunities to leverage our networks, infrastructure, sales
channels, and brand and marketing resources across our various lines of business to create value for our customers and other stakeholders.
Our strategy is centred on our disciplined focus and execution of six strategic imperatives that position us to deliver continued success in a fast-changing
communications marketplace. The six strategic imperatives that underlie BCE’s business plan are:




                               Build the                                                                 Drive growth with                         Deliver the most
                             best networks                                                              innovative services                       compelling content




                         Champion customer                                                              Operate with agility                     Engage and invest in
                            experience                                                                  and cost efficiency                      our people and create
                                                                                                                                                  a sustainable future

Additional information regarding our strategic imperatives can be found in section 2, Strategic imperatives of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on pages 32 to 36 of
the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report.




3.3                Our operational transformation(1)
We are continuing our journey to modernize our operations, increase productivity, build tech talent and materially right-size our cost base.

Innovation is driving customer expectations for enhanced user experiences, improved customer service, and faster market responses, all of which are
improved by our operational transformation.

Our transformation reinforces a customer-first approach and specifically sets out to deliver incremental value to our customers as indicated in the
following examples:

      •   Ability for customers to enjoy our products, services, and content on any device in any location;

      •   Enable customers to be served on their timeline through simple sales and support interactions across the channel of their choosing (e.g., online,
          call centre, store); and

      •   Access to new and better products, services and solutions on an accelerated basis tailored to meet customers’ evolving needs and expectations.




(1)   Also referred to as our transformation from a traditional telecommunications company to a technology services and digital media company.




9 BCE INC.              2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3.4                 Competitive strengths
Canada’s largest communications company
We are Canada’s largest communications company(1), providing residential, business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their
communications needs, as described below:
          •    We are the largest local exchange carrier in Canada. BCE operates an extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces
               and Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories(2). We provide an expansive suite of wireless communications, wireline voice and
               data, including Internet access and TV, product and service offerings to residential, business and wholesale customers. We also own Bell Media,
               Canada’s leading media and entertainment company with a portfolio of assets in premium video, audio, OOH advertising and digital media,
               monetized through traditional and digital platforms.
          •    We also offer competitive local exchange carrier services in Alberta and British Columbia.
          •    At December 31, 2024, BCE was one of the largest wireless operators in Canada based on number of subscribers, providing 10,288,574 mobile
               phone subscribers with nationwide mobile voice and data services. We also had 3,043,430 mobile connected device subscribers at
               December 31, 2024.
          •    BCE is the largest Internet service provider (ISP) in Canada based on number of subscribers, providing 4,490,896 retail customers at
               December 31, 2024 with high-speed Internet access through fibre-optic, wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) and digital subscriber line (DSL)
               technology.
          •    BCE is one of the largest TV providers in Canada based on number of subscribers, nationally broadcasting a wide range of domestic and
               international programming to 2,132,953 IPTV retail subscribers at December 31, 2024 through its IPTV services, namely Fibe TV, the Fibe TV
               app and Virgin Plus TV, as well as its satellite TV service.
          •    BCE operated 1,834,191 retail residential network access service voice lines at December 31, 2024.
          •    Our business markets team maintains a leadership position, having established relationships with a majority of Canada’s largest 100
               corporations.
Our large customer base, our wireline and wireless network reach, and our ability to sell through a variety of distribution channels, as discussed in more
detail in section 3.5, Marketing and distribution channels in this Annual Information Form, give us scale that supports the execution of our six strategic
imperatives. With a wireless network service footprint that encompasses more than 99% of Canada’s population, a coast-to-coast national fibre transport
network and a local exchange carrier footprint from Manitoba to the Atlantic provinces, BCE is well positioned to take advantage of integrated wireless
and wireline solutions in the future.


Technologically advanced wireless networks and services
Through our Bell CTS segment, we provide wireless services over technologically advanced wireless networks that are available to virtually all
Canadians. We offer a broad range of wireless voice and data communication products and services to residential and business customers through our
Bell brand, as well as our Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile brands, which enhance our competitive market position by allowing us to compete more effectively
with the Canadian industry’s other discount brands, as well as regional facilities-based wireless service providers.
We are focused on maintaining our market share of national operators’ postpaid mobile phone net customer activations, growing our prepaid mobile
phone subscriber base, improving sales execution and customer retention, and introducing new devices and data services. We also believe our priorities
for improved customer experience at all touch points, enhanced network quality and performance driven by effective spectrum deployment and carrier
aggregation that support bandwidth and speeds, as well as a broad device offering, should continue to improve our ability to attract and retain wireless
customers. With our fifth-generation (5G) and 5G+ wireless networks, fourth-generation (4G) long-term evolution (LTE) wireless network, LTE Advanced
(LTE-A) network and

(1)   Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.
(2)   In June 2024, Bell Canada entered into an agreement for the sale of Northwestel to Sixty North Unity, a consortium of Indigenous communities from the Yukon, the Northwest Territories and Nunavut. The transaction is
      expected to close in 2025 subject to certain closing conditions, including securing financing by Sixty North Unity and the completion of confirmatory due diligence and, as such, there can be no assurance that the transaction will
      ultimately be consummated. The Competition Bureau’s approval was received in the fourth quarter of 2024.




10      BCE INC.           2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
our high-speed packet access plus (HSPA+) network, we are able to offer one of the broadest ranges of choice in wireless smartphones in Canada, along
with extensive North American and international coverage. Bell also offers a LTE, Category M1 (LTE-M) network, which is a subset of our LTE network
supporting low-power Internet of Things (IoT) applications with enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and enabling lower costs for IoT devices
connecting to Bell’s national network.
Through our 5G and 5G+ wireless service, Bell offers enhanced mobile data speeds and the latest 5G and 5G+-capable smartphones. Bell is working
with multiple equipment suppliers for its 5G rollout, including Nokia Corporation (Nokia) and Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (Ericsson). In 2021, Bell
acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 megahertz (MHz) wireless spectrum in the auction by Innovation, Science and Economic
Development Canada (ISED) and on May 19, 2023, Bell obtained the right to use, through subordination, certain of Xplore Inc.’s 3500 MHz spectrum
licences in Québec after receiving approval from ISED. On November 30, 2023, Bell also announced having secured the right to acquire 939 wireless
spectrum licences in the 3800 MHz spectrum auction, covering 1.77 billion MHz per population (MHz-Pop) for $518 million. On May 29, 2024, Bell
acquired the 3800 MHz spectrum licences. Essential to Canada’s ongoing transition to 5G communications, these high-capacity airwaves support Bell’s
delivery of enhanced 5G digital experiences to Canadian consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote communities. Refer to section 4.1,
Transactions in this Annual Information Form for more details.
Bell’s 5G network covered 87% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2024, a significant increase from the 26% of Canada’s population covered at the
end of 2020, attributable in part to our capital expenditure acceleration program, which provided for $1.7 billion in additional network funding in 2021 and
2022, in addition to the approximately $4 billion that Bell typically spent each year in network expansion and enhancement prior to 2020. This $1.7 billion
in accelerated capital expenditures advanced the rollout of our broadband fibre, 5G wireless and rural networks and helped drive Canada’s recovery from
the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2022, Bell launched its 5G+ network, a faster and more responsive service allowing for a superior mobile experience, and
which covered 60% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2024. Refer to section 3.6, Networks – Wireless in this Annual Information Form for more
details concerning our wireless networks.
Bell’s 5G and 5G+ networks were ranked the fastest and best 5G in Canada by Global Wireless Solutions (GWS) in its 2024 nationwide assessment of
5G networks(3). This marks the third consecutive year Bell has earned this recognition for its 5G network and the second consecutive year for its 5G+
network.


Advancing 5G and IoT solutions
Bell is working with a range of global and domestic 5G partners, including Ericsson and Nokia, to accelerate Canada’s 5G innovation ecosystem. This
includes continued investment in research and development (R&D) at Canadian institutions, such as a partnership between Western University and Bell
creating an advanced centre for research into 5G applications across health (including mental health), transportation, education and other sectors. In
2022, Bell also launched a private mobile network at the Centre for Port Innovation, Engagement and Research (The PIER), an innovation hub in Halifax
focused on developing innovative solutions for supply chain and logistics in the transportation industry, enabling IoT solutions that help support business-
critical functions with real-time data monitoring and reporting, as well as supporting partners as they work to develop commercial opportunities seeking to
benefit Canadian and global companies and their customers. On the international stage, Bell is involved in the setting of global 5G standards with our
participation in the Next Generation Mobile Networks consortium and Third Generation Partnership Program.
The high capacity and near instant connections offered by 5G support new consumer and business applications, including augmented and virtual reality
(AR/VR), AI and machine learning, immersive entertainment services, connected vehicles, smart cities and enhanced rural access, and IoT opportunities
for business and government enterprises. In January 2023, we announced a partnership with Snap Inc. which introduced the first-ever 5G multi-user
augmented reality (AR) basketball experience on Snapchat. Fans with a 5G device in attendance at four Toronto Raptors Welcome Toronto home games
in early 2023 could join a shared AR experience where thousands could participate by teaming up and competing against each other, leveraging
Snapchat’s AR technology and the speed, latency and bandwidth capabilities of 5G. In time for the start of the 2023-2024 hockey season, the 5G multi-
user AR experience was also introduced in Winnipeg at the Canada Life Centre with the Bell 5G Slapshot Challenge AR lens. Jets fans were able to test
their slapshot skills against other fans in the stadium to see who could score the most goals.
On September 25, 2023, we announced that Bell, Verizon, Vodafone and independent software vendor Matsuko successfully conducted the first live
transatlantic collaborative meeting connecting multiple holographic people in Canada, the U.S. and the United Kingdom using 5G and multi-access edge
computing (MEC) technology and Matsuko’s real-time software. Interacting with holograms of humans rather than avatars can provide a more personal
experience for many applications such as remote


(3)   Independent testing by GWS from February to November 2024 ranked Bell’s 5G and 5G+ networks highest among Canadian national wireless carriers. GWS OneScoreTM rankings for 5G+ performance and speeds are
      based on testing while actively using 3500 MHz spectrum.

11    BCE INC.         2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
healthcare, collaborative working and education. The call was enabled by the speed of 5G combined with the quick response times of MEC, which moves
the necessary computing closer to the edge of the network. Through its active participation in the 5G Future Forum industry body, Bell continues to
support the developer community to access 5G MEC technologies and for their solutions to take advantage of Bell’s 5G network in Canada, and to
interoperate globally.
On February 25, 2025, Bell Canada and Nokia announced a significant expansion of their 5G network infrastructure partnership, marking a major step
forward in deploying cloud radio access network (RAN) and paving the way for future open RAN advancements. This multi-year contract extension will
see Bell deploy Nokia’s commercial cloud RAN solution, built on a foundation of Red Hat OpenShift and supported by Dell Technologies infrastructure.
Nokia will supply equipment from its industry-leading, energy-efficient 5G AirScale portfolio to support Bell’s Ccoud RAN deployments, ensuring feature
and performance consistency throughout the network evolution. This collaboration leverages the power of cloud RAN to deliver immediate benefits to
Bell’s network. The cloud-native architecture, powered by Red Hat OpenShift, provides enhanced scalability and agility, enabling Bell to rapidly adapt its
network to meet fluctuating customer demands and swiftly introduce new services. This agility is further enhanced by the deployment of Dell PowerEdge
servers at cell sites and data centres, providing the processing power and reliability needed for demanding 5G workloads.
Bell also provides a number of solutions in the IoT sector, which enable the interconnection of a range of devices and applications that send and receive
data. Bell further offers global connectivity solutions for our IoT platforms and applications, which offer customers worldwide network access and the
ability to manage all of their international devices remotely from a single web platform. Bell’s lineup of innovative IoT applications includes connected
telematics services, including security, safety, diagnostics and infotainment for vehicles; fuel tank monitoring and water management solutions; fleet
management solutions connecting commercial vehicles to the Internet to provide web-based analytics to manage the fleet; connected laptop solutions,
enabling LTE connectivity directly from select LTE-enabled laptops; managed IoT security services that offer businesses, smart cities and other
organizations employing IoT solutions a fully managed solution to detect and protect organizations from evolving cyber threats; and new solutions made
available in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, such as real-time occupancy monitoring, digital signage and sanitizer kiosks.


Next-generation high-speed Internet and TV services
Our strategic imperative to build the best networks has included the expansion of our fibre network to more homes and business locations. At
December 31, 2024, our fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) footprint covered approximately 7.8 million homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic
provinces and Manitoba. Our fibre network enables the delivery of Bell’s next-generation fibre-optic high-speed Internet service marketed as Fibe Internet,
offering symmetrical download and upload speeds of up to 3 gigabits per second (Gbps) with FTTP through our Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service, as well as
download speeds of up to 100 megabits per second (Mbps) with fibre-to-the node (FTTN). Our network also enables the delivery of our Internet service
marketed as Virgin Plus Internet, offering download speeds of up to 1 Gbps. Refer to section 3.6, Networks – Wireline – High-speed fibre deployment
in this Annual Information Form for more details concerning the deployment of our fibre-optic high-speed Internet services.
For the fourth consecutive time, the Ookla Q3-Q4 2024 Speedtest Awards have named Bell Pure Fibre Canada’s fastest Internet(4). Bell was also
recognized by BrandSpark as Canada’s most trusted Internet provider for Wi-Fi performance/Wi-Fi connectivity for the sixth year in a row, and this year
earned Most Trusted awards for TV, cellular and home phone(5).
On July 24, 2024, Bell announced the launch of its new Bell Business Wi-Fi App, designed to empower small businesses in Ontario and Québec with an
enhanced Wi-Fi experience that combines improved security, customizable guest Wi-Fi, employee and customer data insights, and simplified network
management. The Bell Business Wi-Fi App is available for small business owners in Ontario and Québec with Bell pure fibre Internet.
As Bell extends its direct fibre links in urban and suburban centres, we are also delivering broadband speeds to smaller towns and rural locations with our
Wireless Home Internet (WHI) fixed wireless service, which is based on 5G-capable WTTP technology. With the expansion of wireless cell site coverage,
deep fibre backhaul and advancements in technology, the cost to provide a fixed wireless solution became viable in rural areas where it is uneconomical
to deploy FTTP. In 2021, we completed the buildout of our WHI service in smaller towns and rural communities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic
provinces and Manitoba, reaching our target of 1 million locations one year ahead of schedule. Bell delivers Wireless Home Internet service with
download speeds of up to 50 Mbps and upload speeds of 10 Mbps (50/10) to a majority of customers. In August 2021, an agreement with Casa Systems,
Inc.


(4) Based on analysis by Ookla of Speedtest Awards® data for Q3-Q4 2024 Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission.
(5) Voted and awarded Most Trusted High Speed Internet Provider for Wi-Fi Performance/Wi-Fi Connectivity, Home Phone Service Provider, TV Service Provider (in a tie), and Cellular Service Provider (in a tie) by Canadian
  shoppers based on the 2025 BrandSpark Canadian Trust Study.

12    BCE INC.          2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
was announced for the upgrade of a portion of Bell’s WTTP network to 5G to further boost speed and capacity for WHI customers in rural regions, which
was completed in June 2023.
Our fibre network also enables the delivery of Bell’s IPTV services, namely Fibe TV, the Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV. Bell’s Fibe TV service, built on an
IPTV platform, offers a wide range of flexible programming options and innovative features to customers in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
Manitoba, such as: the Fibe TV wireless receiver, which enables customers to enjoy the Fibe experience on up to 10 additional TVs anywhere in the
home (five in Manitoba) without the hassle of running cable through the house; the Restart and Look Back features, enabling customers to rewind and
watch TV shows already in progress from the beginning and up to 30 hours after they started; and the Trending feature, which lists the five most-watched
shows in both English and French among Fibe TV customers at any given time and allows customers to switch to watch live or restart from the beginning.
Fibe TV further allows access to Crave, Netflix, Prime Video and YouTube directly from customer TV receivers, providing a seamless experience.
In 2024, the next generation of Fibe TV was launched in Ontario, Québec and the Atlantic region, leveraging Google Android TV technology with
enhanced search capabilities and voice remote. This service offers customers a consistent viewing experience on all screens with the Fibe TV app,
including access to more than 500 live TV channels, on-demand content and over 10,000 apps from the Google Play Store, including Crave, Netflix,
Prime Video, Apple TV and YouTube. Viewers can more easily find the content they want to watch, and explore new and exciting entertainment with a
voice remote powered by Google Assistant and intuitive universal search capabilities that will find content across Fibe TV and supported subscribed
streaming services. With added cloud personal video recorder (PVR) capabilities, viewers can record an unlimited number of shows simultaneously to
watch at their convenience.
The Fibe TV app is available to customers in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, and brings the rich Fibe TV viewing experience to
tablets, smartphones, laptops, Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Google Chromecast and a variety of Android TV devices, with access to more
than 500 live and on-demand channels at home or on the go, which allows customers to seamlessly transfer a channel being viewed from a mobile
device to a TV, or resume what is being watched on TV on a mobile device. In addition, Fibe customers can download their personal video recordings
with the Fibe TV app to watch on iOS and Android mobile devices without Wi-Fi network access, and customers can pause and rewind live TV on any
device with the Fibe TV app.
In addition, we offer the Fibe TV app service in Ontario and Québec as a standalone app-based live TV streaming service that offers live and on-demand
programming. With no traditional TV set-top box required, the Fibe TV app offers up to 500 live and on-demand channels on tablets, smartphones,
laptops, Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Google Chromecast and a variety of Android TV devices. The standalone Fibe TV app offers access to
two TV streams at a time and customers can add individual channels to build their own packages. Like Bell’s Fibe TV service, the standalone Fibe TV app
operates as a licensed broadcast service on the privately managed Bell Fibe broadband network for in-home viewing, and on mobile or Wi-Fi networks
outside the home.
Virgin Plus TV is an app-based service that does not require a traditional TV set-top box or installation and that lets members in Ontario and Québec
watch live and on-demand TV shows and live sports on any screen they want as it works on virtually all devices – iOS and Android smartphones and
tablets, laptops, Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV and Google Chromecast. The Virgin Plus TV app lets members watch two streams at once, pause
and rewind live TV, resume on-demand programs where they left off, and track all the top trending shows.
In addition, through Bell Streamer, an all-in-one 4K High Dynamic Range streaming device powered by Android TV, we offer customers in Ontario and
Québec all-in-one access to the Fibe TV app, support for all major streaming services and access to thousands of apps on Google Play.
In November 2024, Bell Canada expanded its TV offering with 11 new free, ad-supported television (FAST) channels, available nationwide on the Bell TV
and Virgin Plus TV apps. These channels are available with all TV packages and are seamlessly integrated into the customer’s TV guide, appearing
alongside their favourite live channels.
Further, on November 4, 2024, BCE announced that Bell Canada had entered into an agreement to acquire Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider
in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., for approximately $3.65 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $5 billion in Canadian dollars) in cash and the
assumption of outstanding net debt of approximately $1.45 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $2 billion in Canadian dollars) to be rolled over at
transaction close, representing a transaction value of approximately $5.1 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $7 billion in Canadian dollars). This
strategic acquisition is expected to grow Bell’s position as North America’s third largest fibre internet provider. Together, Bell Canada and Ziply Fiber have
a goal to reach approximately 12 million fiber locations in North America by the end of 2028. This is expected to accelerate subscriber, revenue and
EBITDA growth for Bell. The transaction is subject to certain customary closing conditions and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including the
13   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Federal Communications Commission, and approvals by state Public Utilities Commissions. The proposed acquisition is expected to close in the second
half of 2025. Refer to section 4.1, Transactions in this Annual Information Form for more details.
Our strong position in broadband Internet and TV and our broad suite of product offerings serve as a foundation for the other products and services we
offer. This provides us with a significant number of established customer connections to drive uptake of new products and services, either through
bundled offerings or on a standalone basis, and allows us to improve customer retention. In addition, our team continues to deliver network-centric
business service solutions to large business and public sector clients, including cloud, security and workflow automation solutions, which are key to
business communications today and increase the value of connectivity services.


Innovation in communications technology
Technological advancement plays a significant role in the success of our business. We invest in Canadian innovation and have spent $573 million in R&D
capital expenditures in 2024. Our investments in R&D enable us to continue providing our customers with innovative products and services and to adopt
new technologies that better support our own operations and our strategic imperatives to champion the customer experience and drive growth with
innovative services. Our deployment of new and innovative networks and services is a direct result of our investment in R&D.
Over the past decades, Bell has invested in developing data analytics capabilities and AI applications in multiple areas of its operations. Providing
advanced technological solutions allows us to better differentiate our product and service offerings and to seek to provide greater value to our customers.
As part of Bell’s objective to remain at the forefront of technology and innovation in communications services, and encourage the development of, and
expertise in, new emerging technologies in Canada, we partner with a range of global and domestic organizations.
In 2022, we announced a five-year strategic engagement with the Vector Institute, an independent, not-for-profit corporation dedicated to research in the
field of AI, and announced a three-year strategic partnership with Montréal innovation centre Centech to provide tech entrepreneurs with access to the
latest in Bell 5G, IoT and MEC technologies.
Bell also introduced Bell Ventures in 2022, its corporate venture capital initiative to encourage development of early-stage and growth companies that
harness the power of Bell’s networks to drive growth and adoption of advanced technological solutions. Building on Bell’s history of innovation and
investments, Bell Ventures is a natural extension of Bell’s purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. Bell Ventures
invests in early-stage and growth companies that provide advanced technology solutions seeking to further differentiate Bell’s 5G and fibre networks and
deliver solutions for its customers, including in the areas of network, security, IoT, robotics, telematics, clean technology, data monetization and AI.
Since 2022, we have also announced a number of significant milestones in our strategic cloud and technology partnerships. In February 2022, Bell
announced its deployment of Google Distributed Cloud Edge in its network, enabling more efficiency, reliability and scale while also driving new business
opportunities. This is the world’s first implementation of core network functions on Google Distributed Cloud Edge, a fully managed product that brings
Google Cloud’s infrastructure and services closer to where data is being generated and consumed. This advancement builds on Bell and Google Cloud’s
strategic partnership, announced in 2021, to combine Bell’s 5G network leadership with Google Cloud’s expertise in multi-cloud, data analytics and AI,
and to enable Bell to drive operational efficiencies and deliver richer customer experiences. On February 26, 2025, Bell Canada announced its network AI
Ops solution built on Google Cloud, which has been successfully deployed and is already revolutionizing how it detects, analyzes, and presents network
issues. This AI-driven approach has significantly improved Bell’s mean time to resolution, enabling proactive network management that enhances
reliability and optimizes the customer experience. In addition, in 2023, Bell announced the launch of the first public MEC with AWS Wavelength in
Canada. Building on Bell’s agreement with Amazon Web Services (AWS), announced in 2021, together the two companies are deploying AWS
Wavelength Zones throughout the country at the edge of Bell’s 5G network, starting in Toronto. Bell Public MEC with AWS Wavelength embeds AWS
compute and storage services at the edge of the Bell 5G network, closer to mobile and connected devices where data is generated and consumed. This
enables software developers and businesses to take full advantage of the high speed and low latency of Bell’s 5G network and the cloud with AWS to
build innovative, low-latency solutions that leverage real-time visual data processing, AR/VR, AI and machine learning, advanced robotics and much
more.
On March 29, 2023, Bell announced a partnership with Palo Alto Networks to better support Canadian businesses managing their cloud security with the
launch of two new cloud-native application protection platform (CNAPP) solutions, Cloud Security Posture Assessment and Cloud Security Posture
Protection. These cybersecurity solutions identify threats to enterprise data in the cloud and provide managed services to protect data across complex
hybrid, multi-cloud environments. On December 12, 2024, Bell announced a strategic partnership with Palo Alto Networks that brings together Bell’s
expertise in managed and professional
14   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
services with Palo Alto Networks’ industry-leading, AI-powered cybersecurity platforms. Building upon the customer success and service development
initiatives launched in 2023, Bell will offer a full suite of services across Palo Alto Networks’ three platforms, delivering comprehensive protection against
evolving cyber threats for customers in Canada.
In addition, on June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-focused managed and professional services and workflow
automation solutions for business clients. This acquisition combines FX Innovation’s agility, start-up culture, and cloud services expertise with Bell’s next-
generation fibre and 5G networks, resources, and scale to deliver leading-edge technology solutions for Canadian businesses. The acquisition aims to
position Bell as a technology services leader for our enterprise customers. On November 29, 2023, Bell and ServiceNow, a digital workflow company,
announced a collaboration to launch Service Bridge capabilities on the ServiceNow platform, leveraging FX Innovation’s deep industry expertise to
elevate the end-to-end experience for Bell customers with customized solutions and automation capabilities. On July 18, 2024, Bell and ServiceNow
announced a multi-year strategic agreement to accelerate Bell’s transformation to meet the growing customer demand for tech services and digital media.
The renewed commitment makes Bell one of ServiceNow’s largest communications customers with a first-of-its-kind collaboration in Canada. Bell will
expand its use of the ServiceNow platform, supporting its own digital transformation while continuing to offer ServiceNow implementation expertise to
support the digital transformation of its Bell Business Markets customers. On October 9, 2024, Bell announced the acquisition by FX Innovation of HGC
Technologies (HGC), an Elite ServiceNow partner. HGC strengthens FX Innovation’s expertise in process automation, cloud technologies, and digital
transformation, bringing strengths in business application development, HR and customer service delivery, and a strong North American talent base to
support growth. HGC’s existing U.S. customer base aligns with FX Innovation’s strategic plans for expansion into the U.S. market, providing immediate
access to a new and growing customer segment.
On February 1, 2024, Bell announced a partnership with SentinelOne, Inc. (SentinelOne), a global leader in AI-powered security, to provide extensive
data protection services for Bell’s enterprise customers.
On February 2, 2024, Bell announced an 18-month collaborative project with Mila, a research institute in AI, to apply deep learning neural network
algorithms to Bell’s systems and data. Mila researchers will work alongside Bell’s Machine Learning and AI teams to build on Bell’s previous investments
by using deep learning neural network techniques to identify opportunities to improve business performance and customer experience. By advancing its
understanding of deep learning AI techniques, Bell seeks to continue to enhance its customer experience and accelerate its operational transformation.
On February 6, 2024, Bell announced a collaboration with Microsoft to expand its hybrid work solutions to help Canadian enterprises modernize their
communications platforms with the launch of Bell Operator Connect, pairing Bell’s high-quality voice network and Microsoft Teams. Bell is also advancing
its company-wide digital transformation and workforce modernization in selecting Microsoft 365 as its cloud collaboration solution. On November 19,
2024, Bell expanded its collaboration with Microsoft by launching services for Microsoft Teams Phone Mobile to offer Canadian businesses a flexible,
secure, high-performance communication solution. This innovative mobile-first solution integrates mobile numbers with Teams, enabling seamless calling
and collaboration. Teams Phone Mobile provides a consistent user experience, simplifying business communication and boosting productivity and
efficiency.
On April 9, 2024, Bell announced the availability of Google Cloud Contact Center AI (CCAI) from Bell for Canadian businesses – the first fully AI solution
for Bell enterprise and mid-market customers. Google Cloud’s CCAI from Bell is a managed solution supported by professional services expertise that
enables intelligent customer and agent experience leveraging generative AI-infused technology. Providing rich conversational experiences and analytics,
Google CCAI from Bell offers scalability and flexibility that can be added to existing contact centre environments and to cloud contact centres of any size.
On June 13, 2024, Bell and Mila, the world’s largest academic research centre for deep learning, announced a new partnership to develop cutting-edge AI
solutions, building on the 18-month collaborative project Mila and Bell entered into earlier in 2024 to apply deep learning neural network algorithms to
Bell’s environment. This collaboration is driven by a shared vision to enhance customer experience, optimize business operations and cultivate a vibrant
AI ecosystem within Québec and across Canada. In line with Bell’s significant investments in AI, this partnership reinforces Bell’s business transformation,
harnessing Mila’s groundbreaking research to drive transformative improvements across Bell’s operations. From data analysis and operational efficiency
to Internet-based applications, Mila’s expertise will accelerate advancements that will enhance the customer experience.
On July 9, 2024, Bell announced that it had acquired technical services companies Stratejm and CloudKettle Inc., adding professional and managed
services expertise in cybersecurity and Salesforce digital workflow automation to its existing capabilities. These acquisitions will advance Bell’s strategy to
be the leader in supporting medium and large organizations’ digital transformations and automation through cloud services. Combined with Bell’s pure
fibre and 5G networks, enterprises will benefit from an exceptional and seamless AI-powered end-to-end customer experience.
15   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
On July 25, 2024, Bell and Hyundai Motor Group (Hyundai) announced a multi-year extension of our strategic partnership to provide Canadian customers
with advanced in-car connected infotainment services, raising the bar for in-vehicle experiences. Through Bell’s IoT connectivity, Hyundai, Kia and
Genesis customers in Canada will benefit from fast and reliable access to infotainment features, with the partnership also exploring additional services
such as over-the-air software updates, music/video streaming, casual gaming and eventually Wi-Fi hotspots, providing seamless connectivity on the go.
On September 17, 2024, Bell and MacLean, the world’s largest Canadian-based manufacturer of underground mining equipment, announced a
technology collaboration to better support the evolving needs of mining customers. The innovations being introduced will improve equipment
interoperability - the way in which machines exchange and make use of information - enhancing safety for workers and driving sustainable practices and
reduced vehicle emissions.
On October 8, 2024, Ax-C, a new hub for innovative entrepreneurship set to open in 2025, announced a multi-year partnership with Bell, Google,
Desjardins, and the Fonds de solidarité FTQ, representing a combined financial contribution of $5.25 million. This strategic private sector partnership will
build a strong and dynamic ecosystem dedicated to the growth of startups in Québec.


Our significant media assets
Bell Media’s range of video and audio content enhances the execution of our strategic imperatives by leveraging our significant network investments,
delivering compelling content across all screens and platforms, and enabling us to maximize strategic and operating synergies, including the efficiency of
our content and advertising spend.
Bell Media’s assets in video, audio, OOH and digital platforms are a key competitive advantage, as described below:
     •    We own and operate 35 conventional TV stations, including CTV, Canada’s #1 conventional network for 23 consecutive years, #1 Canadian
          advertising-based video-on-demand (AVOD) platform CTV.ca, and one of the leading digital news destinations CTVNews.ca, and the French-
          language Noovo network in Québec, including its popular AVOD platform and digital news destination Noovo.info.
     •    We own and operate 24 specialty channels, including TSN, Canada’s sports leader, and RDS, the top French-language sports network.
     •    We own and operate five direct-to-consumer (DTC) services, including Crave, the exclusive home of HBO and Max Originals in Canada, STARZ,
          TSN, TSN+ and RDS.
     •    We own Crave, a bilingual premium video streaming service that features a broad catalogue of sought-after content including box-office hits, Emmy
          Award-winning programming, and original Canadian productions, as well as thousands of hours of exclusive French-language content. Crave is
          available directly to all Canadians with access to the Internet, and through participating service providers. STARZ remains available through
          participating service providers and directly to consumers as a separate add-on. Crave extended a long-term licensing agreement with Warner Bros.
          Discovery that sees the service continuing to be the home of HBO and Max Originals, as well as new cable series, library television series, and new
          theatrically released Warner Bros. films. Crave is the most distributed Canadian-owned premium video streaming service.
     •    We own 100 licensed radio stations in 58 markets across Canada, all available through iHeartRadio.ca and the iHeartRadio Canada app alongside
          an extensive catalogue of podcasts. On February 8, 2024, Bell Media announced its intent to divest 45 of its radio stations to seven buyers, subject
          to Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) review and other closing conditions. The CRTC has currently approved
          the transfer of ownership and control of 13 of 45 stations.
     •    We own Astral, a leader among Canada’s OOH advertising companies with strategically located advertising faces spanning across the country in
          over 50 markets. Astral offers six product lines: outdoor advertising, lifestyle networks, street furniture, airport, large digital format and transit. In
          2024, Bell Media completed its acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.’s Canadian OOH media business, OUTEDGE Media Canada (OUTEDGE).
     •    We lead Canadian TV media competitors in the digital landscape in the number of unique visitors, page views and total page minutes.
     •    Part of Noovo’s multi-platform news division, our noovo.info website offers exclusive original features dedicated entirely to news.
     •    Through CTV’s all-in-one digital video platform and streaming from CTV.ca and the CTV app on smartphones, Smart TVs and other connected
          devices, audiences can get even more value from their TV subscriptions all in one place, with livestreams and on-demand viewing of programming
          from CTV Comedy Channel, CTV Drama Channel, CTV Sci-Fi Channel, CTV Life Channel, CTV Wild, CTV Nature, CTV Speed, CTV2, USA
          Network, Oxygen True Crime and E!, as well as Canada’s #1 lineup from CTV. The
16       BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
          platform provides access for subscribers of CTV-branded entertainment channels to stream premium content from those channels all at no
          additional cost and with one simple login, as well as digital channels CTV Throwback and CTV Movies, available with no subscription or sign-in
          required.
     •    We continue to provide live and on-demand access to content from our specialty networks, BNN Bloomberg, TSN, RDS and other brands in news,
          sports and entertainment.
     •    Through TSN+, a DTC streaming product available on TSN.ca and the TSN app, Canadians have access to marquee live games and events that
          are incremental to the sports content delivered across TSN’s platforms, as well as live streaming-only coverage from a multitude of marquee sports
          properties.
Our competitive strengths also include our broad reach across Canada, our ability to deliver top programming for conventional, specialty and DTC and
streaming services, our constant drive to provide the most engaging and interactive experience for viewers, and our ability to serve the needs of
advertisers across multiple platforms.
Refer to section 2.3, Deliver the most compelling content of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on page 34 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report, for a
description of certain agreements entered into and initiatives launched in 2024 by Bell Media.



3.5 Marketing and distribution channels
Bell CTS
The guiding principle driving our marketing strategy is to offer our clients the ultimate in reliable, simple and accessible communications services. In doing
so, our objective is to increase customer acquisition, retention and loyalty through multiple service offerings.
Through the bundling of services, which combines wireline local voice and long distance, high-speed Internet, TV and smart home, as well as wireless
services, our goal is to use a multi-product offering to achieve competitive differentiation by offering a premium, integrated set of services that provides
customers with more freedom, flexibility and choice. We also make use of limited-time promotional offers featuring discounted rate plans, special rates on
wireless handsets and TV receivers, as well as other incentives, to stimulate new customer acquisition and retain existing customers or to respond to
competitive actions in our markets.
We focus our marketing efforts on a coordinated program of video, print, audio, Internet, outdoor signage, direct mail and point-of-sale media promotions.
We engage in mass market advertising in order to maintain our brand and support direct and indirect distribution channels. Coordinated marketing efforts
throughout our service area ensure that our marketing message is presented consistently across all our markets. Promoting the Bell brand is
complemented by our other brand marketing efforts, reinforcing awareness of all our services and capitalizing on the size and breadth of our customer
base across all product lines.
The Bell brands play a key role in product positioning. Our branding is straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a better customer
experience at every level. In July 2021, Virgin Mobile Canada officially rebranded to Virgin Plus, a new name and a new identity that reflect the company’s
evolving service offerings beyond mobility. In addition, on July 25, 2023, Virgin Plus unveiled a fresh new look with more affordable service offerings,
along with a new brand campaign and updated member benefits. The service offerings include the introduction of unlimited nationwide rate plans and
access to 5G at an affordable price with no zones for members across Canada. These new offerings join the lineup of Virgin Plus service offerings,
including high-speed Internet and app-based TV service for members in Ontario and Québec.
Acquiring and retaining wireless subscribers is a key marketing objective that we seek to achieve through our networks and suite of leading-edge devices
and services to drive higher usage and increased adoption of data services. We offer unlimited plans featuring unlimited data access with no overage
charges. We also offer SmartPay device financing plans that let Bell Mobility customers buy their new smartphones with 24 interest-free installments
separate from their service plan, and we similarly offer Sweet Pay device financing plans for Virgin Plus customers. In addition, we offer Connect
Everything plans that provide a way to link all of a customer’s Bell devices with a pool of data to share across smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and
other devices, such as wireless trackers, security cameras and vehicles with Bell Connected Car. In January 2022, we introduced mobile unlimited
Ultimate plans to make the most of 5G with more data at maximum speeds, international messaging, high-definition video quality and hotspot capability.
We also continue to offer discounts on the price of wireless handsets in exchange for a contractual commitment from a subscriber, a practice also used by
other Canadian wireless operators. As the Canadian wireless market further matures and competition intensifies, customer retention is increasingly
important. Accordingly, we employ customer retention initiatives aimed at increasing our customers’ level of satisfaction and loyalty.
17       BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
We also offer eligible customers the convenience of One Bill for Internet, TV, home phone, wireless and smart home services. We deliver our products
and services to residential wireless and wireline customers through:
     •    approximately 1,000 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile, Staples and Best Buy Express locations and/or branded dealers;
     •    retailers such as Walmart, Loblaws and Glentel’s WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth wireless and WIRELESS etc., as well as a network of regional and
          independent retailers in all regions;
     •    call centre representatives;
     •    our websites, including bell.ca, virginplus.ca and luckymobile.ca;
     •    door-to-door sales representatives.
On January 31, 2023, Bell and Staples Canada ULC (Staples) announced a multi-year exclusive agreement to sell Bell, Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile
wireless and wireline services through Staples stores across Canada for consumers and small businesses. In addition, Bell and Staples partner to sell
Bell wireless and wireline services direct to medium-sized businesses through the Staples Professional sales team, backed by Bell’s advanced
communications expertise.
On May 3, 2023, Bell announced a multi-year strategic agreement with Air Canada, which includes premier sponsorship of its free in-flight messaging for
Aeroplan members and the distribution of complimentary subscriber identity module (SIM) cards on board to enable newcomers and visitors arriving in
Canada to activate a wireless SIM while still in the air.
In 2024, Bell Canada announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 167 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in Canada,
which have been rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive telecommunications
services from Bell. The first Best Buy Express was opened in Guildford Town Centre, Surrey, British Columbia on June 26, 2024. In addition, in 2024, Bell
wound down The Source head office and back office operations, as well as closed the remaining 107 The Source stores.
On January 8, 2025, Bell and Corus Entertainment announced the expansion of a strategic, multi-year agreement for Corus networks to be distributed on
Bell Fibe TV and Bell Satellite TV, including Corus’ premier lifestyle networks, Flavour Network and Home Network.
For small and medium-sized business customers, our small and medium business team offers a wide range of wireline and wireless services, including
Business Fibe Internet, Bell Total Connect, Business Phone and TV, and IoT solutions, along with many other communications solutions, all designed for
companies. All solutions are sold through dedicated call centre representatives and our bell.ca website, as well as our retail network and door-to-door
sales representatives.
Communications solutions for large enterprise customers, including our wireless services, are delivered by our business markets team, and our products
and services are sold through dedicated sales representatives, certified resellers and competitive bids. By combining products and services, including
professional services, into fully managed, end-to-end information and technology solutions, we have been successful in providing large enterprise
customers with complex communications products and services. We continue to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace by enhancing our customer
service levels and offering solutions designed to provide superior service, performance, availability and security. We deliver expertise in key solution
areas, including Internet, private networks, voice and unified communications, cloud solutions, security solutions, cloud-based contact centre, IoT and
MEC.
Our wholesale business communications products and services are delivered by our wholesale team. They are sold through our dedicated sales
representatives, web portals and call centres.




Bell Media
Bell Media’s video, OOH and digital advertising customer base is comprised of large advertising agencies, which place advertisements with Bell Media on
behalf of their customers, and advertisers who buy directly. Bell Media also has contracts with a variety of distribution partners, under which subscription
fees for TV and video products are earned. Bell Media’s radio broadcast customer base is comprised of both advertising agencies and businesses in local
markets.
Bell Media’s radio, TV and video products are delivered to Canadians through a combination of over-the-air broadcast transmission, partnerships with
traditional and digital distributors, and Bell Media’s own digital platforms.
Crave is available through participating TV providers across Canada, which provide the added opportunity to access the Crave linear channels on
traditional set-top boxes, as well as via on-demand channels, through the Crave app, Crave.ca and on Amazon’s
18       BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Prime Video Channels. TSN and RDS are also available directly via the Internet through each brand’s official website, the app and on Amazon’s Prime
Video Channels in Canada. Crave can be streamed on the web and through partner platforms such as iOS and Android mobile devices, Apple TV,
Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, Bell Streamer, Chromecast, Roku, Samsung, LG, Hisense, Sony PlayStation and Xbox One. Finally, Bell Media’s OOH
business delivers its services through an inventory of OOH faces and street furniture equipment in key urban cities across the country.
On February 6, 2024, Bell Media announced that it had reached an agreement with Amazon to make its best-in-class streaming service, Crave, available
on Prime Video Channels in Canada.
In April 2024, Bell Media announced the launch of FAST channels, featuring a wide variety of content in English and French. Currently, Bell Media offers
11 FAST channels across major platforms, including Bell TV, Roku, LG Channels, Samsung TV Plus, and more.
On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.’s Canadian out-of-home media business, OUTEDGE,
On September 6, 2024, Bell Media announced that its TSN service was available on Prime Video Channels in Canada, and on October 29, 2024, RDS
was also made available on Prime Video Channels in Canada.
On October 8, 2024, Bell Media announced that it has expanded its landmark partnership with Warner Bros. Discovery for the Canadian market,
extending Crave for multiple years as the exclusive home of HBO and Max content. The expansion of Bell Media’s existing licensing agreement with
Warner Bros. Discovery, announced in 2023, ensures Crave subscribers have continued access to a vast library of premium content for the foreseeable
future. The new agreement also includes a co-production commitment for original Canadian content with global appeal, licensing of Bell Media original
content for use on Warner Bros. Discovery platforms outside of Canada, and extended access to French-language content for use on Bell Media
platforms.
On October 17, 2024, Bell Media announced a major content and licensing agreement with NBCUniversal Global TV Distribution. This agreement
rebranded its specialty channels, Discovery and Investigation Discovery, as USA Network and Oxygen True Crime, respectively, as of January 1, 2025. A
selection of popular shows from both channels also became available for streaming on Crave. Also on January 1, existing specialty channels Animal
Planet, Discovery Science and Discovery Velocity, rebranded to CTV Wild, CTV Nature and CTV Speed, respectively, completing the revitalization of Bell
Media’s suite of Discovery channels.
On November 19, 2024, StackAdapt, a leading multi-channel advertising platform, and Bell Media announced a partnership to enable Bell Media’s
premium inventory across connected TV (CTV), display, video, audio, and digital out-of-home channels through StackAdapt’s platform. This collaboration
offers agencies and brands unmatched reach and precision in digital advertising in Canada, backed by two of the country’s foremost programmatic
leaders.
On December 18, 2024, Bell Media announced that it has partnered with Shopsense AI, the leader in shoppable TV technology, to bring innovative
second-screen shopping experiences to millions of Canadian viewers. This collaboration marks Shopsense’s first expansion outside of the U.S. and the
first integration of its powerful Commerce OS into Canadian entertainment programming. The partnership has debuted on CTV’s popular daily shows THE
GOOD STUFF WITH MARY BERG and ETALK.
On December 18, 2024, Bell Media announced that it has entered into an agreement with Point Grey Pictures to develop and produce an original scripted
television series from Point Grey and Lionsgate. The agreement was made through Lionsgate’s first-look television deal with Point Grey. As a company
with roots in Canada, Point Grey will enhance its presence in the country through this agreement by producing its first scripted show for the Canadian
market.
On January 16, 2025, NASCAR announced multiple media rights deals that bolster its presence in Canada, the sport’s largest international market,
highlighted by the expansion of its decades-long partnership with Bell Media. For the first time, Bell Media will be Canada’s home for all three NASCAR
national series as it adds NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series programming to its long-standing NASCAR Cup Series and NASCAR Xfinity Series rights.
On January 17, 2025, Bell Media announced new bundle subscription options for Crave, TSN and RDS. The Ultimate Entertainment and Sports Bundle
includes Crave and TSN for English-language programming and Crave and RDS for French-language programming.
On January 27, 2025, Bell Media and PAGEBOY Productions, founded by acclaimed actor, producer, and advocate Elliot Page, announced a new
partnership to develop bold, original scripted series for Crave and CTV. Under this agreement, their collaboration will explore content opportunities, with a
joint dedication to spotlighting untold stories.



3.6 Networks
19   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
The telecommunications industry is evolving rapidly as it continues to move from multiple service-specific networks to Internet protocol (IP)-based
integrated communications networks that can carry voice, data and video traffic. We continue to work with key vendor partners to expand our national
multi-service IP-enabled networks.
Our communications networks provide wireless and wireline voice, data and video services to customers across Canada. Our infrastructure includes:
     •    national transport networks for voice, data and video traffic, including Internet traffic;
     •    urban and rural access networks and infrastructure for delivering services to customers;
     •    national wireless networks that provide voice, data and video services.


Wireless
To provide wireless connectivity, we have deployed and operate a number of nationwide wireless broadband networks compatible with global standards
that deliver high-quality and reliable voice and high-speed data services. With our high-speed data network, we are able to offer Canadian consumers a
broad range of choice in wireless smartphones, as well as touch screen tablets, IoT devices and other devices designed for data services such as video
and audio streaming, IoT communications, e-mail, messaging, Internet access and social networking. We also support international roaming in over 230
destinations, with LTE roaming in 213 destinations and 5G roaming in 106 destinations.

HSPA+ network
Our wireless HSPA+ network offered high-speed mobile access to 99% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2024, covering thousands of cities and
towns in both urban and rural locations. The HSPA+ network supports global roaming, as well as a wide range of smartphones, data cards, universal
serial bus (USB) sticks, tablets and other leading-edge mobile devices. The vast majority of the site connectivity for the HSPA+ network was built with
high-speed fibre and an all-IP architecture for enhanced reliability.

4G LTE network
With Bell’s 4G LTE wireless network coverage, customers have data access speeds similar to those of broadband connections and significantly faster
than our HSPA+ network, making it easier for users to download applications, stream high-definition videos and music, play online games, or
videoconference and chat with virtually no delays or buffering. The HSPA+ and LTE networks work together such that most Bell LTE devices support both
networks.
Our LTE wireless network reached more than 99% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2024 with theoretical peak download speeds of up to 150
Mbps, and expected average download speeds of 18 to 40 Mbps.

LTE-A network
With Dual-band LTE-A technology, Bell generally delivers theoretical peak download speeds of up to 260 Mbps (expected average download speeds of
18 to 74 Mbps). By assigning three radio channels or carriers to one user, we generally deliver, with Tri-band LTE-A technology, theoretical mobile data
peak download speeds of up to 335 Mbps (expected average download speeds of 25 to 100 Mbps). With the addition of multiple-input and multiple-output
(MIMO) technologies and quadrature amplitude modulation (QAM), we can deliver in certain areas theoretical peak download speeds of up to 800 Mbps
with Dual-band LTE-A technology and 1.2 Gbps with Tri-band LTE-A technology.
Bell’s LTE network is also capable of delivering Quad-band LTE-A service. Quad-band technology leverages four bands of wireless spectrum to boost
LTE-A speeds to the gigabit level. In addition to employing a combination of carrier aggregation, Bell also uses 256 QAM and 4X4 MIMO technologies to
increase spectrum efficiency and multiply capacity. Bell’s enhanced Gigabit LTE-A network is available in select cities across Canada. Quad-band LTE-A
now offers theoretical mobile data peak download speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps in markets across Canada (expected average download speeds of 25 to 325
Mbps).
At December 31, 2024, we provided LTE-A network service to 96% of the population in Canada, and provided Quad-band LTE-A service to over 46% of
the population in Canada.

LTE-M network
Our LTE-M network is a subset of our LTE network supporting low-power IoT applications with enhanced coverage, longer device battery life, and
enabling lower costs for IoT devices connecting to Bell’s national network. An expanded reciprocal roaming partnership with AT&T Inc. (AT&T) provides
Bell Canadian business customers with access to AT&T’s LTE-M network across the U.S.
20       BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
and also enables AT&T’s customers to roam on Bell’s national LTE-M network in Canada. Our LTE-M network is available in most Canadian provinces.

5G network
Our 5G wireless network enables us to offer enhanced mobile data speeds and the latest 5G-capable smartphones. The high capacity and near instant
connections offered by mobile 5G will support new consumer and business applications, including AR/VR, AI and machine learning, immersive
entertainment services, connected vehicles, smart cities and enhanced rural access, and IoT opportunities for business and government enterprises. In
2021, Bell acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz wireless spectrum in the auction conducted by ISED, and on May 19, 2023,
Bell obtained the right to use, through subordination, certain of Xplore Inc.’s 3500 MHz spectrum licences in Québec after approval from ISED. On
November 30, 2023, Bell announced having secured the right to acquire 939 wireless spectrum licences in the 3800 MHz spectrum auction for
$518 million. On January 17, 2024, Bell made a first payment of $104 million to ISED. The remaining balance of $414 million was paid on May 29, 2024,
at which time Bell acquired the 3800 MHz spectrum licences. Essential to Canada’s ongoing transition to 5G communications, these high-capacity
airwaves support Bell’s delivery of enhanced 5G digital experiences to Canadian consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote communities.
In 2024, Bell continued to expand its 5G network to new markets across Québec, Ontario, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba. Bell’s 5G network covered
87% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2024, a significant increase from the 26% of Canada’s population covered at the end of 2020, attributable
in part to our capital expenditure acceleration program, which provided for $1.7 billion in additional network funding in 2021 and 2022, in addition to the
approximately $4 billion that Bell typically spent each year in network expansion and enhancement prior to 2020.
In July 2022, Bell began deploying 3500 MHz wireless spectrum, unleashing the next phase of 5G advancement and allowing Bell to launch its 5G+
network. Bell 5G+ is expected to be faster and more responsive, allowing for a superior mobile experience. Initially launched in southern Ontario, the 5G+
network was expanded to Manitoba and many centres cross Atlantic Canada, as well as in other communities, and reached 60% of Canada’s population
at December 31, 2024, with the availability of peak theoretical download speeds of 3 Gbps in select markets.
In 2022, Bell also announced plans to roll out a 5G standalone core network, starting in Toronto. The addition of 3500 MHz wireless spectrum allows Bell
to deliver a new 5G core network to Canadian businesses, supported by world-class SA architecture, and which is expected, over time, to unlock even
faster speeds and ultra-low latency. Over time, a 5G SA core network will provide additional benefits such as network slicing and is expected to enable a
full range of 5G features and functionality for both enterprise and consumer use cases, and support the growth of IoT.


Wireline
Voice and data network
Our national voice and data network consists of an optical fibre network with the latest technologies to provide redundancy and fault protection. It reaches
all major Canadian metropolitan centres, as well as New York, Chicago, Boston, Buffalo, Detroit, Minneapolis, Ashburn (Virginia), Seattle and Secaucus in
the U.S.
Our network in major Canadian cities provides state-of-the-art high-speed access at multi-gigabit speeds based on IP technology. We operate a national
IP multi-protocol label switching network with international gateways to the rest of the world. This network delivers next-generation, business-grade IP
virtual private network (IP VPN) services that connect our customers’ offices throughout Canada and around the world. The IP VPN service is the
foundation platform required for the delivery of business service solutions that add value and efficiencies to customers’ businesses. These technology
solutions include voice over IP/IP telephony, IP videoconferencing, IP call centre applications and other future IP-based applications. In addition, we
maintain extensive copper and voice-switching networks that provide traditional local and interexchange voice and data services to all business and
residential customers in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.
In April 2021, Bell announced commercial 400 gigabit wavelength service deployed across major spans of Bell’s fibre infrastructure to deliver significantly
increased connectivity speed and capacity while optimizing network performance and energy efficiency. 400 gigabit technology increases fibre capacity
using less network hardware and more automation to deliver four times the data speed and 50% more capacity per wavelength than compared to 100
gigabit core infrastructure or previous technology.
Key traffic routes span more than 25,000 kilometres across Canada and into the U.S.
21   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
On November 16, 2021, Bell and Nokia announced the first successful test of 25G passive optical network (PON) fibre broadband technology in North
America, which validates that current GPON and XGS-PON broadband technology and future 25G PON can work seamlessly together on the same fibre
hardware, which is being deployed throughout the network. 25G PON delivers significant symmetrical bandwidth capacity that will support new use cases
such as premium service and 5G transport. Further, in partnership with Nokia, Bell achieved a significant advancement in Canadian broadband
technology with the successful completion of the country’s first 50G PON technology trial at our Advanced Technical Lab in Montréal. To do this, we
leveraged our existing fibre infrastructure to provide even faster Internet speeds to customers.


High-speed fibre deployment
Our strategic imperative to build the best networks has included the expansion of our fibre network to more homes and business locations. Bell has
invested significantly to deploy FTTP connections to overlay legacy copper infrastructure, with fibre directly to homes and businesses. In addition, Bell
continues to deploy FTTP to all new urban and suburban housing developments in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, in addition to
Bell’s ongoing deployment of FTTP to multi-dwelling units and business locations. In our view, FTTP, in which optical fibre cables are used to connect
each and every location, is the best available network architecture to support future bandwidth-demanding IP services and applications. Our residential
fibre-optic Internet service, marketed as Fibe Internet and Virgin Plus Internet, is enabled by our fibre network, offering symmetrical download and upload
speeds of up to 3 Gbps with FTTP through our Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service, as well as download speeds of up to 100 Mbps with FTTN. On February 8, 2024,
we announced that we would cap fibre speeds at 3 Gbps as a result of federal government policies and the CRTC’s decision of November 6, 2023 that
imposed an interim aggregated access to FTTP facilities obligation and discourages network investment.
Introduced in April 2022, the Bell Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service was initially offered in eligible areas of Toronto and has since been rolled out in several
communities across Ontario, Québec, Manitoba and the Atlantic provinces.
Bell Gigabit Fibe service includes the new Giga Hub with Wi-Fi 6E, the next evolution of Wi-Fi, enabling faster speeds and lower latency when used with a
compatible device, and allowing customers to work, learn, video chat, stream and game online on any or all of their household devices simultaneously.
In addition to the significant deployments of FTTP direct fibre connections announced in prior years, which continued throughout the Greater Toronto
Area/905 region surrounding Toronto, on the island of Montréal, in Hamilton and Winnipeg, we announced in August 2022 an investment of over
$650 million in partnership with a Government of Ontario investment of $484 million to deploy Bell’s all-fibre network to over 80,000 homes and
businesses in underserved regions across Ontario, as part of the Ontario Accelerated High Speed Internet Program (AHSIP).
Also, in addition to several direct fibre deployment projects announced in a number of smaller communities over the past few years, on March 22, 2021,
Bell announced that it would roll out high-speed Internet service to several underserved areas of Québec in partnership with the governments of Canada
and Québec as part of their Operation High Speed initiative to connect all Québecers by September 2022. The Bell project provides 100% fibre Internet
connections to approximately 31,000 homes and businesses in nearly 100 Québec communities. In 2023, Northwestel completed the final year of
construction in its Every Community Project, launching fibre-to-the-home service in 24 locations in Yukon and 18 locations in the Northwest Territories.
In 2023, Bell announced the expansion of pure fibre Internet service to additional homes and businesses, including in the Ontario communities of
Leamington, Lincoln, Essex Centre and Harrow, and in six more communities across rural Manitoba. In addition, as part of the Grand Council Treaty #3
Dibaajimowin Project, Bell will provide broadband fibre-optic Internet access to 23 Indigenous and 13 non-Indigenous communities in Northwestern
Ontario.
In 2025, our planned capital spending will be focused on our strategic imperatives, reflecting an appropriate level of investment in our networks and
services. As a direct result of the CRTC’s rejection on February 3, 2025 of a Governor-in-Council request to reconsider its November 2023 decision that
provided large carriers temporary wholesale tariffed access to Bell’s FTTP network, we expect to reduce our capital expenditures by more than we
anticipated would be the case for 2025. Consequently, our near-term fibre build target of 8.3 million locations by the end of 2025 will not be reached. At
December 31, 2024, our FTTP footprint covered approximately 7.8 million homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
Manitoba.
In addition to our Fibe Internet service, we offer Internet under the Virgin Plus brand for customers in Ontario and Québec. This high-speed Internet
service offers existing Virgin Plus customers download speeds of up to 1 Gbps and upload speeds of up to 100 Mbps.
Additionally, we continue to deploy our IPTV services in areas in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba where cable providers had long
been dominant. As of December 31, 2024, our IPTV services had the capacity to service approximately 9.8 million homes in major cities and
municipalities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.
22   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
On November 4, 2024, BCE announced that Bell Canada had entered into an agreement to acquire Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the
Pacific Northwest of the U.S., for approximately $3.65 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $5 billion in Canadian dollars) in cash and the assumption of
outstanding net debt of approximately $1.45 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $2 billion in Canadian dollars) to be rolled over at transaction close,
representing a transaction value of approximately $5.1 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $7 billion in Canadian dollars). This strategic acquisition is
expected to grow Bell’s position as North America’s third largest fibre Internet provider. Together, Bell Canada and Ziply Fiber have a goal to reach
approximately 12 million fiber locations in North America by the end of 2028. This is expected to accelerate subscriber, revenue and EBITDA growth for
Bell. The transaction is subject to certain customary closing conditions and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including the Federal
Communications Commission, and approvals by state Public Utilities Commissions. The proposed acquisition is expected to close in the second half of
2025. This transaction will enhance Bell Canada’s growth profile and strategic position by giving it a foothold in the large, underpenetrated U.S. fibre
market, while increasing its scale, diversifying its operating footprint and unlocking significant growth opportunities. Refer to section 4.1, Transactions in
this Annual Information Form for more details.


WTTP
WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless technology delivered over Bell’s wireless network using 3500 MHz spectrum to deliver high-speed Internet service to
residents in smaller and underserved communities. WTTP enables Bell’s WHI broadband service and complements its FTTP network.
In 2021, Bell completed the buildout of its WHI service in small towns and rural communities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
Manitoba, reaching its target of 1 million locations one year ahead of schedule. The accelerated rollout of its Wireless Home Internet service formed part
of Bell’s capital expenditure acceleration program which provided for additional network funding in 2021 and 2022.
Bell delivers WHI service with 50/10 to a majority of customers. Innovation in WTTP complements Bell’s extensive broadband fibre buildout in urban
markets, and our deployment of WTTP in rural locations underscores our focus on the full utilization of Bell’s assigned wireless spectrum resources.


DSL
We also offer DSL-based Internet service in areas where Fibe Internet and WHI are not available, with download speeds of up to 5 Mbps.


Satellite TV service
We provide satellite TV service nationwide under the Bell TV brand using satellites operated by Telesat Canada.




3.7                 Employees
The table below shows the number of BCE employees at December 31, 2024 and 2023.

Number of employees at December 31                                                                     2024                     2023
Bell CTS                                                                                            35,426                   39,914
Bell Media                                                                                           4,964                    5,218
Total(1)                                                                                            40,390                   45,132
(1)        The total number of BCE employees at the end of 2024 declined by 4,742 from 45,132 at December 31, 2023 due to workforce reductions, natural attrition and retirements along with the impact of the permanent store
           closures of The Source as part of our distribution partnership with Best Buy Canada , partly offset by the acquisitions made over the past year.

Approximately 43% of BCE employees were represented by unions and were covered by collective agreements at December 31, 2024.
The following collective agreements covering 250 or more employees were ratified in 2024:
      •    Bell Craft
      •    Bell MTS IBEW
      •    CTV Agincourt
      •    Expertech
The following collective agreements covering 250 or more employees will expire in 2025:
      •    Bell Clerical


23        BCE INC.        2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
     •    Atlantic, Craft and Clerical
     •    Bell MTS TEAM
     •    Bell MTS Unifor
     •    CTV Toronto Specialities
No collective agreements covering 250 or more employees have already expired at the time.




3.8             Corporate responsibility
General
ESG practices form an integral part of BCE’s corporate responsibility approach, which is to manage the company in ways that nurture the social and
economic prosperity of our communities while safeguarding the environment.
BCE has adopted a range of ESG policies that are supported by various programs and initiatives. These policies address issues of importance to our
many stakeholders, including, but not limited to: preventing conflicts of interest; protecting company assets; safeguarding privacy and confidentiality;
treating clients, business partners, team members and competitors with respect and honesty; fostering a safe workplace; protecting the environment; and
responsible use of AI.
These BCE policies include, among others, the following:
     •    Code of Business Conduct
     •    Data Governance Policy
     •    Information Security Policy
     •    Privacy Policy
     •    Environmental Policy
     •    Supplier Code of Conduct
     •    Procurement Policy
     •    Political Contributions Policy
     •    Journalistic Independence Policy
     •    Mandatory Reporting of Internet Child Pornography
     •    Health & Safety Policy
     •    Employee Privacy Policy
     •    Mental Health Policy Statement
     •    Workplace Violence and Harassment Prevention Policy
     •    Community Investment Policy
     •    Human Rights and Accommodation Policy
     •    Indigenous Policy
     •    Responsible Artificial Intelligence Policy

We report annually on our corporate responsibility performance and our ESG practices. Since 2022, we no longer publish a Corporate Responsibility
Report. Instead, we are presenting both our financial and non-financial performance in an integrated annual report available at BCE.ca. For greater
certainty, BCE’s integrated annual report is not part of this Annual Information Form and is not incorporated by reference herein.

Additional information regarding our corporate governance and risk management practices, as well as our corporate responsibility strategy and related
activities and outcomes, can be found in section 1.5, Corporate governance and risk management and section 1.6, Capitals and our corporate
responsibility of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on pages 21 to 31 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report.

Environment
24       BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Environmental protection and efficient energy performance are core to our corporate responsibility approach. Our Environmental Policy, which is reviewed
annually, contains principles that support our goals, ranging from exercising due diligence to meet or exceed requirements of the environmental legislation
that applies to us, to preventing pollution and promoting cost-effective resource and waste minimization initiatives. We have instructed subsidiaries
subject to this policy to support these principles, and have established an executive-level committee to oversee the implementation of the policy. We
monitor our operations to seek to ensure that we comply with our Environmental Policy, environmental requirements and standards, and take action
seeking to prevent and correct problems when needed. We have an environmental management system in place that:
      •    enables systematic environmental risks and opportunities management, including cost savings;
      •    establishes a course of corporate environmental action;
      •    seeks to provide early warning of potential problems;
      •    identifies environmental management accountability from top management to employees;
      •    seeks to ensure ongoing improvement through regular monitoring and reporting.

Since 2009, Bell Canada maintains an environmental management system certified to the ISO 14001 standard, making us the first North American
communications company to be so designated(1). This certification covers Bell Canada’s internal governance to ensure execution of the environmental
management system associated with the development of policies and procedures for the delivery of services by Bell Canada for business sectors
network & broadband services (wireline, wireless, Internet, TV), cloud and data hosting, broadcast services (radio, digital platform & television) and
connectivity and advertising technology and event promotion. In addition, in 2020, our energy management system was certified to be ISO 50001-
compliant, making us the first North American communications company to be so designated(2). This certification covers the corporate and operational
level management activities related to Bell Canada’s energy management program at its national business locations associated with the activities of real
estate management services, fleet services, radio broadcasting and digital media services, landline, wireless, TV, Internet services, connectivity,
broadband services, data hosting and cloud computing, in addition to related general administrative functions.
One of our key tools is our Corporate Environmental Action Plan, which outlines the environmental activities of our various business units. The plan
identifies funding requirements, accountabilities and deliverables, and monitors our progress in meeting our objectives.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, we spent $14.6 million as expenses and $86.8 million as capital expenditures for environmental activities. For
2025, we have budgeted $17 million of expenses and $15.3 million of capital expenditures to seek to ensure that our Environmental Policy is applied
properly, that our environmental risks are minimized and that we progress towards our greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets.

Additional information regarding our environmental protection activities can be found in section 1.6, Capitals and our corporate responsibility of the BCE
2024 MD&A, on pages 24 to 31 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report.

BCE welcomes the increased demand from our stakeholders for transparency regarding our climate actions. We also believe it is important to detail how
climate-related risks and opportunities can affect our business. With the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures’ (TCFD) recommendations
now integrated into the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) standards, we continue to monitor our disclosures against leading climate-
related frameworks. We report on climate-related information in our Climate Action Report, available at BCE.ca. For greater certainty, our Climate Action
Report is not part of this Annual Information Form and is not incorporated by reference herein.



3.9               Competitive environment
A discussion of our competitive environment can be found in section 3.3, Principal business risks and the various subsections entitled Competitive
landscape and industry trends and Principal business risks of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on pages 39 to 40, 56 to 58, 59, 62 to 63 and 65 of the BCE 2024
Annual Financial Report.

See also section 3.4, Competitive strengths in this Annual Information Form for more information concerning our competitive position.

(1)   Bell’s review in 2020 of publicly available information for North American communications and telecommunications companies indicated Bell was the first of its North American communications and telecommunications
      competitors to receive ISO 14001 certification.
(2)   Bell’s review in 2020 of publicly available information for North American communications and telecommunications companies indicated Bell was the first of its North American communications and telecommunications
      competitors to receive ISO 50001 certification.

25        BCE INC.       2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3.10 Regulatory environment
A discussion of certain legislation that governs our businesses, as well as government consultations and recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings
affecting us, can be found in section 8, Regulatory environment of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on pages 82 to 87 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report.
More information about the Canadian ownership restrictions on BCE’s common shares can be found in section 5.1, BCE securities in this Annual
Information Form.



3.11 Intangible properties
Intellectual property
We use various works protected by intellectual property rights (IP Assets), which we own or for which we have been granted rights of use. These IP
Assets include, without limitation: brand names; trademarks such as names, designs and logos; copyrights of content, programs and musical works;
broadcast signals, software and applications; domain names; patents or patent applications for inventions owned or produced by us and our employees;
and various other copyright materials, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property owned or licensed by us. We derive value through the use of
these IP Assets in various business activities, and they are important to our operations and our success. To protect these IP Assets, we rely on a
combination of legal protections afforded under copyright, trademark, patent and other intellectual property laws, as well as contractual provisions under
licensing arrangements.
In particular, the Bell brand plays a key role in product positioning. Our branding is straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a better
customer experience at every level. Our trademark rights are perpetual, provided that their registrations are renewed on a timely basis when applicable
and that the trademarks are used in commerce by us or our licensees. Other types of intangible proprietary information are also important to our
operations, such as customer lists.
We believe that we take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect, renew and defend our IP Assets, including prosecuting infringers, and we take
great care not to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. However, we cannot provide any assurance that the laws protecting intellectual
property in various jurisdictions are, or will continue to be, adequate to protect our IP Assets or that we will be successful in preventing or defending
claims by others asserting rights in or to our IP Assets, or enforcing their intellectual property rights.


Spectrum and broadcasting licences
Our intangible assets also include spectrum licences from ISED, which provide us with the right to utilize designated wireless spectrum to provide our
wireless services, and broadcasting licences from the CRTC, which enable us to deliver Bell Media’s content to Canadians.
Our wireless spectrum licence holdings extend across various spectrum bands and regions across Canada, totalling more than 8.6 billion MHz-Pop,
corresponding to an average of approximately 233 MHz of spectrum per Canadian(1). Prior to 2022, we deployed 600 MHz, 700 MHz, 2300 MHz, 2500
MHz, 1900 MHz, AWS and 850 MHz as part of our wireless networks. In 2022. we began deploying our 3500 MHz spectrum acquired in the 2021 auction.
In 2024, we began deploying our 3800 MHz spectrum acquired in the 2023 auction. We intend to renew existing licences to meet network capacity
requirements.
Also, on November 30, 2023, Bell Mobility announced having secured the right to acquire 939 wireless spectrum licences in the recently completed 3800
MHz spectrum auction for $518 million. On January 17, 2024, Bell made a first payment of $104 million to ISED. The remaining balance of $414 million
was paid on May 29, 2024, at which time Bell acquired the 3800 MHz spectrum licences.
Broadcasting licences issued by the CRTC are important to the success of our Bell Media segment, as they allow us to deliver radio and TV services in
the communities in which we operate. We seek to maintain and renew, as applicable, all such broadcasting licences required for our operations. Many of
our licences are set for a five-year term and reviewed by the CRTC under a group licence approach. While we expect to continually renew our licences,
the terms under which they are provided may change from one licence term to another.

(1) Based on 2021 population census data in line with new ISED standard.



26    BCE INC.          2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
4                General development of our business –
                 three-year history
This section contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, relating to the proposed acquisition by Bell Canada of Ziply Fiber, the
expected timing and completion thereof, the sources of liquidity we expect to use to fund the proposed acquisition, certain potential benefits expected to
result from the proposed acquisition including the combined Bell Canada and Ziply Fiber target number of fibre locations to be reached by the end of
2028, Bell Canada’s growth prospects and strategic positioning, the proposed disposition of BCE’s ownership stake in MLSE, the expected timing and
completion thereof, the intended use by BCE of the net proceeds from the proposed disposition and the planned access by Bell Media to content rights
for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors for the next 20 years, the proposed disposition of Northwestel, the expected timing and completion
thereof, the intended use by Bell Canada of the proceeds from the proposed disposition and the planned continuation of a Bell Canada partnership with
Northwestel beyond transaction close, and our objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to section 1, Caution regarding forward-looking
statements in this Annual Information Form.
In line with our strategic imperatives, since 2022, we have entered into or announced transactions and implemented various business
strategies and corporate initiatives that have influenced the general development of our business. During this period, our regulatory
environment has also influenced the general development of our business. The principal transactions, regulatory developments, business
strategies and corporate initiatives that have influenced the general development of our business during the last three completed financial
years are discussed below.



4.1             Transactions
Proposed disposition of Northwestel
On June 10, 2024, Bell Canada entered into an agreement with Sixty North Unity, a consortium of Indigenous communities from the Yukon, the Northwest
Territories and Nunavut, to dispose of Northwestel, the largest telecommunications service provider in Canada’s North, for up to $1 billion, subject to
adjustments. Bell Canada plans to maintain a strategic partnership with Northwestel beyond the transaction close through ongoing operational support,
and as Northwestel’s largest customer. The transaction is expected to close in 2025 subject to certain closing conditions, including securing financing by
Sixty North Unity and the completion of confirmatory due diligence and as such, there can be no assurance that the transaction will ultimately be
consummated. The Competition Bureau’s approval was received in the fourth quarter of 2024. Bell Canada intends to use the proceeds from the
transaction to pay down debt.


Proposed disposition of minority stake in MLSE
On September 18, 2024, BCE announced the sale of its 37.5% ownership stake in MLSE to Rogers for gross proceeds of $4.7 billion. The transaction is
subject to certain closing conditions, including relevant sports league and other customary approvals. The Competition Bureau’s approval was received in
December 2024. The transaction is expected to close in mid-2025. BCE intends to direct the $4.2 billion net proceeds of this disposition towards the
proposed acquisition of Ziply Fiber. In addition, Bell Media has secured access to content rights for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors on TSN
for the next 20 years through a long-term agreement with Rogers, also subject to league approvals.


Proposed acquisition of Ziply Fiber
On November 4, 2024, BCE announced that Bell Canada had entered into an agreement to acquire Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the
Pacific Northwest of the U.S., for approximately $3.65 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $5 billion in Canadian dollars) in cash and the assumption of
outstanding net debt of approximately $1.45 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $2 billion in Canadian dollars) to be rolled over at transaction close,
representing a transaction value of approximately $5.1 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $7 billion in Canadian dollars). This strategic acquisition is
expected to grow Bell’s position as North America’s third largest fibre internet provider. Together, Bell Canada and Ziply Fiber have a goal to reach
approximately 12 million fiber locations in North America by the end of 2028. This is expected to accelerate subscriber, revenue and EBITDA growth for
Bell.
27   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
The transaction is subject to certain customary closing conditions and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including the Federal Communications
Commission, and approvals by state Public Utilities Commissions. The proposed acquisition is expected to close in the second half of 2025. This
transaction will enhance Bell Canada’s growth profile and strategic position by giving it a foothold in the large, underpenetrated U.S. fibre market, while
increasing its scale, diversifying its operating footprint and unlocking significant growth opportunities.


Key completed transactions
We have concluded a number of transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, partnerships and investments, since 2022 to support our strategic
imperatives and our purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. More information with respect to the most significant of
these transactions is provided in the table below.


Transaction                                   Key characteristics

Acquisition of Stratejm (2024)                 •   On July 2, 2024, Bell Canada acquired Stratejm for cash consideration of $78 million ($73 million net of cash acquired)
                                                   and $11 million of estimated additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance
                                                   objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be settled by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is
                                                   $20 million. Stratejm leverages artificial intelligence through end-to-end Security-as-a-Service solutions, real-time
                                                   threat detection and response, and streamlining incident management processes. The results of Stratejm are included
                                                   in our Bell CTS segment.

Acquisition of Canadian OOH                    •   On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.’s Canadian out-of-home media
media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc.              business, OUTEDGE, for cash consideration of $429 million ($418 million net of cash acquired). The acquisition of
(2024)                                             OUTEDGE is expected to support Bell Media’s digital media strategy and to deliver multi-channel marketing solutions
                                                   across Canada. The results of OUTEDGE are included in our Bell Media segment. Pursuant to a consent agreement
                                                   negotiated with the Competition Bureau, Bell Media must dispose of 669 OUTEDGE advertising displays in Québec
                                                   and Ontario. On October 4, 2024, we entered into an agreement to dispose of these advertising displays for estimated
                                                   proceeds of $14 million, subject to adjustments. Completion of the sale is expected in the first quarter of 2025, subject
                                                   to receipt of the Competition Bureau’s approval and other customary closing conditions.

Strategic partnership with                     •   In 2024, Bell announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 167 The Source consumer
Best Buy Canada (2024)                             electronics retail stores in Canada, which have been rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer
                                                   electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive telecommunications services from Bell. The first Best Buy Express was
                                                   opened in Guildford Town Centre, Surrey, British Columbia on June 26, 2024. In addition, in 2024, Bell wound down
                                                   The Source head office and back office operations, as well as closed the remaining 107 The Source stores.

Acquisition of FX Innovation (2023)            •   On June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-focused managed and professional
                                                   services and workflow automation solutions for business clients, for cash consideration of $157 million ($156 million
                                                   net of cash acquired), of which $12 million is payable within two years, and an estimated $6 million of additional cash
                                                   consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. This contingent consideration is
                                                   expected to be settled by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is $7 million. Contingent consideration is estimated
                                                   to be $2 million at December 31, 2024. The acquisition of FX Innovation aims to position Bell as a technology services
                                                   leader for our enterprise customers. The results of FX Innovation are included in our Bell CTS segment.

Disposition of production studios (2023)       •   On May 3, 2023, Bell Media completed the sale of its 63% ownership in certain production studios, which were
                                                   included in our Bell Media segment. We received net cash proceeds of $211 million and recorded a gain on
                                                   investment of $79 million (before tax expense of $17 million).

Acquisition of Distributel                     •   On December 1, 2022, Bell acquired Distributel, a national independent communications provider offering a wide
Communications Limited (Distributel) (2022)        range of consumer, business and wholesale communications services for cash consideration of $303 million
                                                   ($282 million net of cash acquired) and $39 million of estimated additional cash consideration contingent on the
                                                   achievement of certain performance objectives. Distributel’s results are included in our Bell CTS segment.

Acquisition of EBOX (2022)                     •   In February 2022, Bell acquired EBOX and other related companies, which provide Internet, telephone and TV
                                                   services to consumers and businesses in Québec and parts of Ontario, for cash consideration of $153 million
                                                   ($139 million net of cash acquired). Bell maintains the EBOX brand and operations, and EBOX continues providing
                                                   telecommunications options for consumers and businesses in these areas. The acquisition is expected to accelerate
                                                   growth in Bell’s residential and small business customers. The results of the acquired business are included in our Bell
                                                   CTS segment.


Acquisition of wireless spectrum
In 2021, Bell acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz wireless spectrum in the auction by ISED. Essential to Canada’s ongoing
transition to 5G communications, these high-capacity airwaves extend Bell’s leadership in delivering enhanced 5G digital experiences to Canadian
consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote communities. Bell acquired 271 licences for 678 million MHz-Pop of 3500 MHz spectrum – critical
to enabling the full potential of 5G – for $2.07 billion.
28   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
On May 19, 2023, after approval from ISED, Bell obtained the right to use, through subordination, certain of Xplore Inc.’s 3500 MHz spectrum licences in
Québec for $145 million.
On November 30, 2023, Bell Mobility announced having secured the right to acquire 939 licences of 3800 MHz spectrum for 1.77 billion MHz-Pop for
$518 million. This acquisition will increase Bell’s total 3500 MHz and 3800 MHz spectrum holdings to 3.5 billion MHz-Pop, acquired at an average cost of
$0.79 per MHz-Pop. On January 17, 2024, Bell made a first payment of $104 million to ISED. The remaining balance of $414 million was paid on May 29,
2024, at which time Bell acquired the 3800 MHz spectrum licences.


Normal course issuer bid for BCE preferred shares
On November 3, 2022, BCE announced the renewal of its existing normal course issuer bid (2022 NCIB), which extended from November 9, 2022 to
November 8, 2023, and BCE repurchased and cancelled an aggregate of 7,411,036 first preferred shares under the 2022 NCIB. On November 2, 2023,
BCE announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (2023 NCIB), which extended from November 9, 2023 to November 8, 2024. BCE
repurchased and cancelled an aggregate of 5,599,285 Preferred Shares under the 2023 NCIB. On November 7, 2024, BCE announced the renewal of its
normal course issuer bid (2024 NCIB), which will extend from November 11, 2024 to November 10, 2025, or an earlier date should BCE complete its
purchases under the 2024 NCIB.
BCE initiated the 2024 NCIB because it believed that, from time to time, the first preferred shares may trade in price ranges that do not fully reflect their
value. BCE believes that, in such circumstances, the repurchase of its first preferred shares represents an appropriate use of its available funds.
The actual number of first preferred shares to be repurchased under the 2024 NCIB and the timing of such repurchases will be at BCE’s discretion and
shall be subject to the limitations set out by the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). The 2024 NCIB may be conducted through the facilities of the TSX as
well as alternative trading systems in Canada, if eligible, or by such other means as may be permitted by securities regulatory authorities. At
December 31, 2024, BCE had repurchased and cancelled 1,045,000 first preferred shares under the 2024 NCIB.


29   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
4.2         Corporate developments
Refer to the sections of the BCE 2022 MD&A and BCE 2023 MD&A, contained in the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report and BCE 2023 Annual
Financial Report, respectively, indicated in the table below for a discussion of various business strategies and corporate initiatives implemented, and
other actions taken, in the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 that have influenced the general development of our
business in 2022 and 2023. Refer to the sections of the BCE 2024 MD&A, contained in the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report, indicated in the table
below for a discussion of various business strategies and corporate initiatives implemented, and other actions taken, in the financial year ended
December 31, 2024 that have influenced the general development of our business in 2024, and the priorities we intend to focus on in 2025.

MD&A                          Section references
BCE 2022 MD&A                 Section 1.3              Key corporate developments
                              Section 1.4              Capital markets strategy
                              Section 2                Strategic imperatives – 2022 progress for each strategic imperative
BCE 2023 MD&A                 Section 1.3              Key corporate developments
                              Section 1.4              Capital markets strategy
                              Section 2                Strategic imperatives – 2023 progress for each strategic imperative
                              Section 2                Strategic imperatives – 2024 focus for each strategic imperative
BCE 2024 MD&A                 Section 1.3              Key corporate developments
                              Section 1.4              Capital markets strategy
                              Section 2                Strategic imperatives – 2024 progress for each strategic imperative
                              Section 2                Strategic imperatives – 2025 focus for each strategic imperative




4.3         Regulatory environment
During the past three financial years, the general development of our business has been affected, and will continue to be affected, by decisions made by
the Government of Canada and its relevant departments and agencies, including the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition Bureau.
Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies and departments such as those mentioned above continue to play a
significant role in regulatory matters such as establishing and modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition
of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and
cybersecurity obligations and control of copyright piracy. Refer to section 8, Regulatory environment of the BCE 2022 MD&A, BCE 2023 MD&A and BCE
2024 MD&A contained in the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report, BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report and BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report,
respectively, for a discussion of the regulatory initiatives and proceedings that influenced, in the financial years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and
2024, and may in the future influence, the general development of our business.
30   BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5                  Our capital structure
This section describes BCE’s and Bell Canada’s securities, the trading of certain of such securities on the TSX and the ratings that certain
rating agencies have attributed to BCE’s first preferred shares and Bell Canada’s debt securities that are issued and outstanding.



5.1                BCE securities
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number of common shares, an unlimited number of first preferred shares issuable
in series, an unlimited number of second preferred shares also issuable in series and an unlimited number of Class B shares. As at March 6, 2025, BCE
had no Class B shares or second preferred shares outstanding.
Each common share entitles its holder to one vote at any meeting of shareholders. Additional information about the terms and conditions of the BCE
preferred shares, common shares and Class B shares can be found in Note 30, Share capital of the BCE 2024 consolidated financial statements, on
pages 158 to 159 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report.
Since 1993, the Telecommunications Act and associated regulations (Telecom Regulations) have governed Canadian ownership and control of Canadian
telecommunications carriers. Bell Canada and other affiliates of BCE that are Canadian carriers are subject to this Act. In 2012, amendments to the
Telecommunications Act largely eliminated the foreign ownership restrictions for any carrier that, with its affiliates, has annual revenues from the provision
of telecommunications services in Canada that represent less than 10% of the total annual revenues from the provision of these services in Canada, as
determined by the CRTC. However, given that Bell Canada and its affiliates exceed this 10% threshold, they remain subject to the pre-existing Canadian
ownership and control restrictions, which are detailed below.
Under the Telecommunications Act, in order for a corporation that exceeds the 10% threshold mentioned above to operate as a Canadian common
carrier, the following conditions have to be met:
      •   Canadians own at least 80% of its voting shares;
      •   at least 80% of the members of the carrier company’s board of directors are Canadian; and
      •   the carrier company is not controlled by non-Canadians.
In addition, where a parent company (Carrier holding company) owns at least 66 2/3% of the voting shares of the carrier company (subject to ownership
rules), the Carrier holding company must have at least 66 2/3% of its voting shares owned by Canadians and must not be controlled by non-Canadians.
BCE is a Carrier holding company. The Telecom Regulations give certain powers to the CRTC and to Canadian carriers and Carrier holding companies to
monitor and control the level of non-Canadian ownership of voting shares to ensure compliance with the Telecommunications Act. Accordingly, BCE,
which controls Bell Canada and other Canadian carriers, must satisfy the following conditions:
      •   Canadians own at least 66 2/3% of its voting shares; and
      •   it is not controlled by non-Canadians.
The powers under the Telecom Regulations include the right to:
      •   suspend the voting rights attached to shares considered to be owned or controlled by non-Canadians;
      •   refuse to register a transfer of voting shares to a non-Canadian; and
      •   force a non-Canadian to sell the non-Canadian’s voting shares.
However, in our case, there is an additional control restriction under the Bell Canada Act. Prior approval by the CRTC is necessary for any sale or other
disposal of Bell Canada’s voting shares unless BCE retains at least 80% of all Bell Canada voting shares.
Similarly, the Canadian ownership rules under the Broadcasting Act for broadcasting licensees, such as Bell Media and Bell Canada, generally mirror the
rules for Canadian-owned and -controlled common carriers under the Telecommunications Act by restricting allowable foreign investments in voting
shares at the licensee operating company level to a maximum of 20% and at the holding company level to a maximum of 33 1/3%. An additional
requirement under these Canadian broadcasting ownership rules is that the chief executive officer of a company that is a licensed broadcasting
undertaking must be a Canadian citizen or permanent resident
31   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
of Canada. The CRTC is precluded under a direction issued under the Broadcasting Act from issuing, amending or renewing a broadcasting licence of an
applicant that does not satisfy these Canadian ownership and control criteria.
Cultural concerns over increased foreign control of broadcasting activities also require broadcasting licensees to establish programming committees when
foreign investment in their holding company, while within permissible limits, exceeds 20%. In line with CRTC practice, programming committees have
been established within the relevant subsidiary licensees, thereby allowing foreign investment in voting shares of BCE to reach the maximum of 33 1/3%.
We monitor the level of non-Canadian ownership of BCE’s common shares by obtaining data on: (i) registered shareholders from our transfer agent and
registrar, TSX Trust Company, and (ii) beneficial shareholders from the Canadian Depository for Securities (CDS) and the Depository Trust Company
(DTC) in the U.S. We also provide periodic reports to the CRTC.
As of March 6, 2025, BCE had no debt securities outstanding.



5.2     Bell Canada debt securities
Bell Canada long-term debt securities
As at December 31, 2024, Bell Canada had issued or assumed long-term debt securities as summarized in the table below.
                                                                                                                                                  Weighted                                                          At
                                                                                                                                                   average                                         December 31, 2024
  Debt securities                                                                                                                              interest rate                   Maturity                (in $ millions)

  1997 trust indenture                                                                                                                                  4.18%               2025-2053                              20,273
  1976 trust indenture                                                                                                                                  9.38%               2027-2054                                  975
  1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                                                                                   8.21%               2026-2031                                  275
  2016 U.S. trust indenture(1)                                                                                                                          4.24%               2032-2054                                9,445
  Total                                                                                                                                                                                                            30,968

(1)   As at December 31, 2024, Bell Canada had issued notes under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture for an aggregate amount of $6.55 billion in U.S. dollars, which have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross
      currency interest rate swaps.

The Bell Canada long-term debt securities are unsecured and have been guaranteed by BCE. Additional information about the terms and conditions of
the Bell Canada long-term debt securities can be found in Note 25, Long-term debt of the BCE 2024 consolidated financial statements on pages 146 to
147 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report.
Under its short form base shelf prospectus dated March 7, 2022 (2022 Shelf Prospectus), Bell Canada was permitted to issue unsecured debt securities
from time to time over a 25-month period. In addition, under its prospectus supplement dated May 19, 2022 (2022 Prospectus Supplement), Bell Canada
was permitted to issue unsecured Medium Term Notes (MTN) debentures under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus.
On February 9, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.5 billion principal amount of MTN
debentures in two series. The $1.05 billion 4.55% MTN debentures, Series M-58, were issued at a price of $99.787 per $100 principal amount, to mature
on February 9, 2030. The $450 million 5.15% MTN debentures, Series M-59, were issued at a price of $99.500 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
February 9, 2053. The net proceeds of the offerings were used to repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
On May 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated May 8, 2023, US$850 million (CA$1,138
million) principal amount of 5.100% Series US-8 Notes, at a price of US$99.930 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on May 11, 2033. The net
proceeds of the offering were used to repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
On August 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.0 billion principal amount of MTN
debentures in two series. The $600 million 5.15% MTN debentures, Series M-60, were issued at a price of $99.917 per $100 principal amount, to mature
on November 14, 2028. The $400 million 5.60% MTN debentures, Series M-61, were issued at a price of $99.726 per $100 principal amount, to mature
on August 11, 2053. The net proceeds of the offerings were used to repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
On November 14, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.0 billion principal amount of MTN
debentures in two series. The $300 million 5.85% MTN debentures, Series M-57, which were issued pursuant to a re-opening of an existing series of
MTN debentures, were issued at a price of $101.232 per $100 principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest from and including November 10, 2023
to but excluding November 14, 2023, to mature on
32      BCE INC.         2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
November 10, 2032. The $700 million 5.25% MTN debentures, Series M-62, were issued at a price of $99.897 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
March 15, 2029. The net proceeds of the offering were used to fund the repayment at maturity of Bell Canada’s $1.0 billion principal amount of 2.70%
MTN debentures, Series M-44, due February 2024.
On February 15, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated February 12, 2024, US$1.45 billion
(CA$1.95 billion) aggregate principal amount of notes in two series. The US$700 million (CA$942 million) 5.200% Series US-9 Notes were issued at a
price of US$99.823 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on February 15, 2034. The US$750 million (CA$1,009 million) 5.550% Series US-10 Notes
were issued at a price of US$99.869 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on February 15, 2054. The net proceeds of the offering were used for the
repayment at maturity of Bell Canada’s US$600 million Series US-3 Notes due March 17, 2024, to fund the remaining payment for the 3800 MHz
spectrum licences and for other general corporate purposes.
Under its short form base shelf prospectus dated May 9, 2024 (2024 Shelf Prospectus), Bell Canada is permitted to issue unsecured debt securities from
time to time over a 25-month period. In addition, under its prospectus supplement dated May 16, 2024 (2024 Prospectus Supplement), Bell Canada was
permitted to issue unsecured MTN debentures under the 2024 Shelf Prospectus.
On May 24, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under the 2024 Shelf Prospectus and 2024 Prospectus Supplement, $1.5 billion principal amount of MTN
debentures in two series. The $400 million 5.60% MTN debentures, Series M-61, were issued at a price of $101.936 per $100 principal amount, to mature
on August 11, 2053. The $1.1 billion 5.15% MTN debentures, Series M-63, were issued at a price of $99.646 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
August 24, 2034. The net proceeds of the offering were used to fund the repayment at maturity of Bell Canada’s $600 million Series M-45 MTN
debentures due January 29, 2025 and are intended to be used to fund the repayment at maturity of part of Bell Canada’s $1,500 million Series M-47 MTN
debentures due March 12, 2025 and for general corporate purposes.
On February 6, 2025, Bell Canada amended and restated its 2024 Shelf Prospectus (the 2024 Amended Shelf Prospectus) to, among other things,
amend the description and characteristics of the Debt Securities that may be issued thereunder so as to provide for the issuance of subordinated
(including junior subordinated) debt securities in Canada and the U.S., under one or more new trust indentures.
On February 18, 2025, Bell Canada issued, under the 2024 Amended Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated February 12, 2025,
US$2.25 billion (CA$3.187 billion) aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes in two series: 1) US$1 billion (CA$1.416
billion) of 6.875% Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series A due 2055 (the Series A Junior Subordinated Notes); and 2) US$1.25 billion
(CA$1.771 billion) of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series B due 2055 (the Series B Junior Subordinated Notes and, together with the
Series A Junior Subordinated Notes, the Junior Subordinated Notes). The Series A Junior Subordinated Notes will initially bear interest at an annual rate
of 6.875% and reset every five years starting on September 15, 2030 at an annual rate equal to the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.390%,
provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 6.875%. The Series B Junior Subordinated Notes will initially bear
interest at an annual rate of 7.000% and reset every five years starting on September 15, 2035 at an annual rate equal to the five-year U.S. Treasury rate
plus a spread of 2.363%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below 7.000%. Bell Canada may redeem either
series of the Junior Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount commencing on the applicable
first reset dates. The net proceeds of the offering are intended to be used to repurchase, redeem or repay, as applicable, Bell Canada’s senior
indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes.
As at March 6, 2025, Bell Canada had issued $7.589 billion principal amount of debt securities under its 2022 Shelf Prospectus and approximately
$4.7 billion principal amount under its 2024 Amended Shelf Prospectus.
Bell Canada is required, under certain conditions, to make an offer to repurchase all or, at the option of the holder thereof, any part of certain series of its
debt securities upon the occurrence of both a “Change of Control” of BCE or Bell Canada and a “Rating Event” relating to the relevant series of debt
securities, as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant series of debt securities or in the relevant trust indenture, as applicable (the Repurchase
upon Change of Control Triggering Event).


Bell Canada commercial paper
Bell Canada may issue short-term notes (CP Notes) under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate principal
amount of $3.0 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such aggregate principal amount of CP Notes exceed $3.5 billion
in Canadian currency. The sale of CP Notes pursuant to Bell Canada’s separate Canadian or U.S. program decreases the Canadian or U.S. $3.0 billion
maximum principal amount of CP Notes authorized to be
33   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
outstanding at any time under both programs, with one Canadian dollar being treated as equal to one U.S. dollar for purposes of this limitation. At
March 6, 2025, Bell Canada had CP Notes outstanding under its U.S. program in the principal amount of US$1,696 million (CA$2,424 million when taking
into account hedges with forward currency contracts against foreign currency fluctuations). As at the same date, no CP Notes were outstanding under Bell
Canada’s Canadian program.



5.3               Credit ratings
Ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay interest or dividends on issued and outstanding securities.
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit
market. Our ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available partly depend on our assigned credit ratings at the time capital is
raised. Investment grade credit ratings usually mean that when we borrow money, we can obtain lower interest rates than companies that have ratings
lower than investment grade. Credit ratings are subject to change based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, our financial strength,
competitive position, liquidity and other factors that are not completely within our control. There is no assurance that we will maintain our current credit
ratings and a ratings downgrade could result in adverse consequences for our funding cost and capacity, and our ability to access the capital markets, the
money market and/or bank credit market.
As of March 6, 2025, BCE’s preferred shares are rated by DBRS Limited (DBRS) and S&P Global Ratings Canada, a business unit of S&P Global
Canada Corp. (S&P), and Bell Canada’s debt securities are rated by DBRS, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and S&P.
This section describes the credit ratings, as of March 6, 2025, for certain of the issued and outstanding securities of BCE and Bell Canada. These ratings
provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of an issue of securities. However, they are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold
any of the securities referred to below, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the
rating agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor.
Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.
In the past two years, we have paid rating agencies to assign ratings to BCE’s preferred shares, as well as to Bell Canada’s short-term and long-term
debt securities. The fees paid to DBRS, Moody’s and S&P include access to some or all of their websites. In addition, we paid DBRS for services
provided in connection with Bell Canada’s securitization program.
On August 30, 2024, Moody’s downgraded Bell Canada’s issuer rating to Baa2 from Baa1, unsubordinated long-term debt rating to Baa2 from Baa1 and
subordinated long-term debt rating to Baa3 from Baa2. Bell Canada’s commercial paper rating was affirmed at P-2. In addition, Moody’s downgraded
BCE’s issuer rating to Baa3 from Baa2. The outlook associated with the Moody’s ratings was changed to stable from negative. The downgrades were
principally as a result of ongoing debt leverage above Moody’s thresholds for the prior ratings. All of these new ratings on Bell Canada’s unsubordinated
and subordinated debt remain investment grade according to Moody’s rating scale with Moody’s Baa3 rating representing its last investment grade rating
rank.
On September 12, 2024, S&P downgraded the issuer-credit ratings on BCE and its subsidiaries to BBB from BBB+. At the same time, S&P lowered Bell
Canada’s unsubordinated long-term debt rating to BBB from BBB+ and subordinated long-term debt rating to BBB-from BBB. Although Bell Canada’s
commercial paper rating was affirmed at A-2 on a Global scale, it was downgraded to A-2 from A-1 (Low) on a Canadian national scale. S&P also lowered
the ratings on BCE’s preferred shares to P3 (High) from P2 (Low), on a Canadian national scale, and to BB+ from BBB-, on a Global scale. The outlook
associated with the S&P ratings was changed to stable from negative. The downgrades were principally as a result of ongoing debt leverage above S&P’s
thresholds for the prior ratings. All of these new ratings on Bell Canada’s unsubordinated and subordinated debt remain investment grade according to
S&P’s rating scale with S&P’s BBB- rating representing its last investment grade rating rank. Notwithstanding that preferred shares are not debt or credit
instruments, the new P3 (High) and BB+ ratings on BCE’s preferred shares are considered below an investment grade rating on S&P’s rating scale.
On November 5, 2024, DBRS placed all its credit ratings on BCE and Bell Canada Under Review with Negative Implications following BCE’s
announcement of a definitive agreement to acquire Ziply Fiber.
On February 18, 2025, Bell Canada issued the Junior Subordinated Notes. The Junior Subordinated Notes are direct and unsecured junior subordinated
debt obligations of Bell Canada and, accordingly, are subordinated in right of payment to all present and future indebtedness of Bell Canada (other than
indebtedness which by its terms ranks equally with or subordinate to the Junior
34   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Subordinated Notes), including being subordinated to Bell Canada’s subordinated long-term debt issued under its 1996 subordinated trust indenture.
DBRS, Moody’s and S&P have assigned ratings of BBB (low), Baa3 and BB+, respectively, to the Junior Subordinated Notes. DBRS’ BBB (low) rating
and Moody’s Baa3 rating represent the lowest investment grade ratings according to their respective rating scales. However, S&P’s BB+ rating is
considered the highest rating below an investment grade rating on S&P’s rating scale. Additionally, the DBRS rating on the Junior Subordinated Notes is
also “Under Review with Negative Implications”.


Ratings for BCE and Bell Canada securities
Ratings for Bell Canada short-term debt securities
 Short-term debt securities                                                       Rating agency   Rating                            Rank
 Bell Canada commercial paper                                                           DBRS      R-2 (high)                        4 out of 10
                                                                                       Moody’s    P-2                               2 out of 4
                                                                                           S&P    A-2 (Canadian scale)              4 out of 8
                                                                                                  A-2 (Global scale)                3 out of 7


Ratings for Bell Canada long-term debt securities
 Long-term debt securities                                                        Rating agency   Rating                            Rank
 Bell Canada unsubordinated long-term debt securities                                    DBRS     BBB (high)                        8 out of 26
                                                                                       Moody’s    Baa2                              9 out of 21
                                                                                           S&P    BBB                               9 out of 22
 Bell Canada subordinated long-term debt securities                                      DBRS     BBB (low)                         10 out of 26
                                                                                       Moody’s    Baa3                              10 out of 21
                                                                                           S&P    BBB-                              10 out of 22
 Bell Canada junior subordinated long-term debt securities                               DBRS     BBB (low)                         10 out of 26
                                                                                       Moody’s    Baa3                              10 out of 21
                                                                                           S&P    BB+                               11 out of 22


Ratings for BCE preferred shares
 Preferred shares                                                                 Rating agency   Rating                            Rank
 BCE preferred shares                                                                    DBRS     Pfd-3                             8 out of 16
                                                                                           S&P    P-3 (high) (Canadian scale)       7 out of 18
                                                                                                  BB+ (Global scale)                9 out of 20

As of March 6, 2025, BCE and Bell Canada’s credit ratings have stable outlooks from Moody’s and S&P and a negative outlook from DBRS.


General explanation
Short-term debt securities
The table below shows the range of credit ratings that each rating agency assigns to short-term debt instruments, and is based upon public statements
from the respective rating agencies as of March 6, 2025.
                                                      Highest quality of         Lowest quality
                                                        securities rated   of securities rated
DBRS                                                         R-1 (high)                      D
Moody’s                                                             P-1                     NP
S&P (Canadian scale)                                         A-1 (High)                      D
S&P (Global scale)                                                 A-1+                      D


The DBRS short-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk that a borrower will not meet its short-term financial obligations in a timely manner.
Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer and the relative ranking of claims.
35   BCE INC.       2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Moody’s short-term ratings are assigned to obligations with an original maturity of 13 months or less and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or
impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment.
An S&P Canadian commercial paper rating is a forward-looking opinion about the capacity of an obligor to meet financial commitments associated with a
specific commercial paper program or other short-term financial instrument, relative to the debt servicing and repayment capacity of other obligors active
in the Canadian domestic financial markets with respect to their own financial obligations.
An S&P Global rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of
financial obligations or a specific financial program, and about the obligor’s capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments.

Long-term debt securities
The table below shows the range of credit ratings that each rating agency assigns to long-term debt instruments, and is based upon public statements
from the respective rating agencies as of March 6, 2025.
                                                     Highest quality of       Lowest quality of
                                                       securities rated        securities rated
DBRS                                                              AAA                         D
Moody’s                                                           Aaa                         C
S&P                                                               AAA                         D

The DBRS long-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of default; that is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations in
accordance with the terms under which an obligation has been issued. Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the
issuer and the relative ranking of claims.
Moody’s long-term debt ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an original maturity of eleven months or more and reflect both on the likelihood
of a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment.
S&P’s long-term debt credit rating scale provides a forward-looking opinion of the creditworthiness of a company in meeting a specific financial obligation,
a specific class of financial obligations or a specific financial program. It takes into consideration the likelihood of payment; that is, the capacity and
willingness of the company to meet its financial commitment on an obligation according to the terms of the obligation, among other factors.

Preferred shares
The table below describes the range of credit ratings that each rating agency assigns to preferred shares and is based upon public statements from the
respective rating agencies as of March 6, 2025.

                                                       Highest quality           Lowest quality
                                                    of securities rated      of securities rated

DBRS                                                       Pfd-1 (high)                       D
S&P (Canadian scale)                                        P-1 (High)                        D
S&P (Global scale)                                                 AA                         D

The DBRS preferred share rating scale reflects an opinion of the risk that an issuer will not fulfill its obligations with respect to both dividends and principal
commitments. Every DBRS rating is based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuing entity.
S&P’s Canadian preferred share rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor in meeting a specific preferred share
obligation issued in the Canadian market, compared to preferred shares issued by other issuers in the Canadian market.
An S&P Global rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of
financial obligations or a specific financial program, and about the obligor’s capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments.
36    BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Explanation of rating categories received for our securities
The following explanations of the rating categories received for our securities have been published by the applicable rating agencies. The explanations
and corresponding rating categories provided below are subject to change by the applicable rating agencies.
Rating           Description         Rating                  Explanation of
agency           of securities       category                rating category received

DBRS             Short-term debt     R-2 (high)              upper end of adequate credit quality
                                                             capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations as they fall due is acceptable
                                                             may be vulnerable to future events
                 Long-term debt      BBB                     adequate credit quality
                                                             capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable
                                                             may be vulnerable to future events
                 Preferred shares    Pfd-3                   adequate credit quality
                                                             protection of dividends and principal is still considered acceptable, but the company is more
                                                             susceptible to adverse changes in financial and economic conditions, and there may be other adverse
                                                             conditions present which detract from debt protection. Generally, companies with Pfd-3 ratings
                                                             correspond with companies with a BBB category or higher reference point
Moody’s          Short-term debt     P-2                     a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations
                 Long-term debt      Baa                     subject to moderate credit risk
                                                             considered medium-grade and may have certain speculative characteristics
S&P              Short-term debt     A-2 (Canadian scale)    satisfactory capacity of the company to fulfill its financial commitment on the obligation
                                     A-2 (Global scale)
                                                             somewhat more susceptible to adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions
                                                             than obligations rated higher
                 Long-term debt      BBB                     adequate protection parameters
                                                             adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to
                                                             weaken the obligor’s ability to meet its financial commitments
                 Long-term junior    BB                      regarded as having significant speculative characteristics
                 subordinated debt                           less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues
                                                             faces major ongoing exposure to adverse business, financial or economic conditions that could lead
                                                             to obligor’s inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments
                 Preferred shares    P-3 (Canadian scale)    regarded as having significant speculative characteristics
                                     BB (Global scale)       less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues
                                                             faces major ongoing exposure to adverse business, financial or economic conditions that could lead
                                                             to obligor’s inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments

37    BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5.4             Trading of our securities
The common and first preferred shares of BCE are listed on the TSX under the respective symbols set out in the tables below. BCE’s common shares are
also listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BCE.
The tables below and on the next page show the range in share price per month and volume traded on the TSX in 2024 for BCE’s common shares and
each series of BCE’s first preferred shares.

                                                                                                First preferred shares
                           Common        Series R      Series S      Series T      Series Y      Series Z       Series AA     Series AB     Series AC     Series AD     Series AE
                       shares (BCE)   (BCE.PR.R)    (BCE.PR.S)    (BCE.PR.T)    (BCE.PR.Y)    (BCE.PR.Z)      (BCE.PR.A)    (BCE.PR.B)    (BCE.PR.C)    (BCE.PR.D)    (BCE.PR.E)
January 2024
High                         $56.18       $16.27        $19.00        $18.13        $18.84        $18.80          $17.58        $19.23        $17.88        $19.02        $18.95
Low                          $52.18       $15.25        $18.13        $16.50        $18.16        $17.24          $16.30        $18.39        $16.72        $17.95        $18.00
Volume                   45,110,171       68,543        29,338       114,754       160,750        35,133         223,836       125,557        64,531       269,390        96,737
February 2024
High                         $54.77       $16.26        $18.72        $18.18        $18.98        $18.85          $17.63        $19.15        $17.79        $19.08        $19.00
Low                          $50.01       $15.73        $18.50        $17.55        $18.44        $18.05          $16.85        $18.65        $17.06        $18.52        $18.49
Volume                   52,818,811      278,449        17,306        40,447       184,761        11,672          58,590        47,282       114,828       115,000        53,149
March 2024
High                         $50.54       $16.38        $18.65        $17.92        $18.70        $18.70          $17.21        $18.80        $17.44        $18.77        $18.74
Low                          $45.40       $16.00        $18.30        $17.23        $18.30        $17.90          $16.86        $18.50        $16.86        $18.42        $18.42
Volume                   84,109,545      118,225         9,636        55,567        49,861        54,362          90,000       281,636       422,902       373,259        73,343
April 2024
High                         $46.05       $16.30        $18.63        $17.71        $18.56        $18.25          $17.47        $18.65        $17.80        $18.62        $18.69
Low                          $43.96       $16.01        $18.19        $17.00        $18.01        $17.80          $16.83        $18.25        $17.20        $18.12        $18.00
Volume                   62,639,792       91,323        11,500        75,817        68,041        13,815         411,172        98,606       288,045       335,040       211,889
May 2024
High                         $47.20       $16.57        $18.40        $18.19        $18.33        $18.44          $17.89        $18.50        $17.94        $18.50        $18.43
Low                          $44.43       $16.00        $18.06        $17.35        $18.05        $17.90          $16.94        $18.14        $17.33        $18.07        $18.01
Volume                   60,501,133      254,910        32,783        77,484       140,030        62,950         320,855       160,980        82,019       510,805       306,677
June 2024
High                         $47.60       $16.24        $18.38        $18.04        $18.15        $18.27          $17.30        $18.26        $17.90        $18.30        $18.35
Low                          $44.21       $14.55        $16.24        $16.09        $16.30        $16.55          $15.55        $16.40        $16.16        $16.30        $16.31
Volume                   68,628,756        87,311       35,302        54,434       131,377        39,527         197,709       392,250        74,089       318,242        98,483
July 2024
High                         $46.83       $16.27        $17.60        $17.49        $17.54        $18.15          $17.34        $18.07        $17.88        $17.63        $17.65
Low                          $42.58       $15.07        $16.86        $16.66        $16.70        $17.35          $16.44        $17.01        $17.10        $16.90        $16.96
Volume                   57,856,073       84,292        52,840        70,923       129,544        22,991         132,211       254,520        72,133       232,850        69,311
August 2024
High                         $48.44       $15.94        $17.30        $17.50        $17.36        $18.13          $17.38        $17.45        $17.73        $17.44        $17.40
Low                          $46.32       $15.10        $16.85        $16.60        $16.85        $17.56          $16.69        $16.98        $17.00        $16.89        $16.90
Volume                   57,395,781      119,232        42,921        65,072       228,217         11,756        158,191        72,966        72,921       328,785       291,033
September 2024
High                         $49.13       $15.97        $17.15        $17.37        $17.06        $18.15          $17.45        $17.35        $17.78        $17.22        $17.22
Low                          $46.51       $15.66        $16.37        $16.77        $16.52        $17.85          $17.00        $16.72        $17.26        $16.55        $16.65
Volume                   70,788,206       59,585        40,275        92,436        73,452        42,866          80,406       145,248        60,161       141,607        95,510
October 2024
High                         $47.16       $15.97        $16.84        $17.00        $16.80        $17.96          $17.24        $17.05        $17.44        $16.75        $16.91
Low                          $44.58       $15.27        $16.48        $16.42        $16.49        $17.59          $16.42        $16.72        $16.64        $16.39        $16.50
Volume                   58,266,798       43,232        20,236       102,314        47,715        42,185         265,318       114,501        97,234       250,456       148,178
November 2024
High                         $45.15       $15.42        $16.66        $16.50        $16.46        $17.55          $16.50        $16.82        $16.80        $16.55        $16.59
Low                          $36.95       $14.49        $15.76        $15.40        $15.66        $16.32          $15.42        $16.01        $15.84        $15.79        $15.76
Volume                  113,992,335       91,243        46,287        91,099       129,763        48,801         203,008       279,642        89,461       174,761        97,412
December 2024
High                         $38.59       $15.68        $16.38        $16.47        $16.47        $17.81          $16.64        $16.53        $16.99        $16.45        $16.56
Low                          $31.99       $14.84        $15.52        $15.53        $15.73        $16.92          $15.88        $15.70        $16.32        $15.68        $15.82
Volume                  108,221,215       64,962        80,364       204,179       207,240        59,775         127,048       145,050        110,113      231,860       210,212


38     BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
                                                                                   First preferred shares
                          Series AF     Series AG     Series AH     Series AI     Series AJ       Series AK     Series AL     Series AM     Series AN     Series AQ
                        (BCE.PR.F)    (BCE.PR.G)    (BCE.PR.H)    (BCE.PR.I)    (BCE.PR.J)      (BCE.PR.K)    (BCE.PR.L)    (BCE.PR.M)    (BCE.PR.N)    (BCE.PR.Q)
January 2024
High                        $17.31        $16.18        $19.35        $16.15        $18.85           $15.60       $17.29        $16.14        $17.90        $22.80
Low                         $15.87        $14.43        $18.48        $15.00        $18.26           $14.10       $15.89        $14.70        $16.79        $22.00
Volume                     231,329        45,335        94,450       189,248        99,661        1,198,877       15,570        99,573        15,624       172,908
February 2024
High                        $17.45        $16.47        $19.20        $16.21        $18.95           $15.60       $17.49        $16.00        $17.89        $23.18
Low                         $16.89        $16.01        $18.70        $15.80        $18.61           $14.57       $16.77        $15.07        $16.99        $21.92
Volume                     147,022       107,090        50,467       109,798        78,551          659,523       28,168        41,205        14,675        79,803
March 2024
High                        $17.35        $16.34        $18.83        $16.47        $18.80           $15.20       $17.03        $15.52        $17.21        $22.40
Low                         $16.82        $15.95        $18.53        $15.87        $18.50           $14.83       $16.46        $15.15        $16.61        $21.75
Volume                     124,920        40,334        30,482       222,413        52,838          384,741       14,274       106,587        16,340        85,593
April 2024
High                        $17.43        $16.28        $18.85        $16.31        $18.64           $15.18       $16.94        $15.93        $17.15        $22.38
Low                         $16.97        $15.81        $17.01        $15.76        $18.10           $14.85       $16.19        $15.30        $16.73        $21.80
Volume                     157,574       295,728       135,629       341,263        17,825          899,158       16,574       421,396         11,411      275,615
May 2024
High                        $17.79        $17.22        $18.40        $16.49        $18.37           $15.72       $17.22        $16.40        $17.91        $22.72
Low                         $17.03        $16.17        $18.04        $16.00        $18.15           $14.90       $16.75        $15.78        $17.00        $22.09
Volume                     199,384       185,025       106,272       289,965        23,439          579,699        9,783       204,004        22,445       253,998
June 2024
High                        $17.40        $16.55        $18.15        $16.33        $18.18           $15.40       $16.84        $15.97        $17.27        $22.64
Low                         $15.52        $14.57        $16.42        $14.35        $16.29           $13.79       $15.48        $14.50        $15.88        $20.80
Volume                      84,330        66,769       124,960        70,006        38,752          710,275       17,572       251,259         38,811      116,123
July 2024
High                        $16.99        $16.21        $17.65        $15.96        $17.64           $15.42       $16.84        $16.15        $17.64        $22.50
Low                         $16.16        $15.25        $16.97        $15.12        $17.00           $14.80       $16.02        $15.57        $16.75        $21.72
Volume                     158,647       186,147        91,558       293,182       110,625          455,259       39,992       159,406        13,313       121,433
August 2024
High                        $17.20        $16.33        $17.44        $16.30        $17.35           $15.50       $16.84         $16.50       $17.40        $23.10
Low                         $16.30        $15.35        $16.88        $15.23        $16.88           $14.63       $16.00         $15.34       $16.31        $21.97
Volume                     160,119       129,200       135,388       193,582       166,098          227,321       14,498       245,336        23,403       105,807
September 2024
High                        $17.04        $16.14        $17.08        $16.07        $17.27           $15.50       $16.60         $16.37       $17.10        $23.10
Low                         $16.50        $15.52        $16.61        $15.43        $16.72           $14.88       $16.00         $15.75       $16.47        $22.55
Volume                     146,147        21,891        44,167        25,029        15,239          204,749       14,170       196,013          7,686       76,728
October 2024
High                        $16.93        $16.00        $16.84        $15.76        $17.28           $15.25       $16.24         $16.17       $16.95        $23.10
Low                         $16.35        $15.32        $16.35        $15.14        $16.63           $14.60       $15.58         $15.20       $16.45        $22.35
Volume                     185,437       148,630        26,582        47,477        45,625          275,934       19,810       129,293          5,900       80,438
November 2024
High                        $16.56        $15.41        $16.50        $15.25        $16.77           $14.73       $15.98         $15.63       $16.50        $22.98
Low                         $15.47        $14.36        $15.78        $14.14        $15.73           $13.93       $15.00         $14.80       $15.88        $21.75
Volume                     278,521       162,163        81,282       168,052       203,999          396,001       21,030         81,384       24,503       103,546
December 2024
High                        $16.69        $15.79        $16.42        $15.90        $16.43           $14.95       $15.24         $15.91       $16.26        $22.78
Low                         $15.87         $14.74       $15.67        $14.61        $15.75           $14.17       $14.25         $15.09       $15.36         $22.00
Volume                     114,995         21,288       83,977        26,455        65,993          463,721       40,119         98,663       39,934         74,680


39     BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
6                    Dividends and dividend
                     payout policy
This section contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, relating to BCE’s common share dividend, expected dividend payout ratio
level in 2025 and dividend payout policy target, the reduction of BCE’s net debt leverage ratio, anticipated reductions in capital expenditures, the status of
the DRP and the time period during which the discount thereunder will be maintained by BCE,BCE’s business outlook, objectives and plans. Refer to
section 1, Caution regarding forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form.
On February 6, 2025, the BCE Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.9975 per common share, payable on April 15, 2025, to shareholders of record at
the close of business on March 14, 2025. BCE’s common share dividend and common share dividend payout policy will continue to be reviewed by the
BCE Board. In its review, the BCE Board will consider the competitive, macroeconomic and regulatory environments as well as progress being made on
our strategic and operational roadmap.
BCE’s stated common share dividend payout policy is to target a dividend payout range of 65% to 75% of free cash flow(1). This policy is intended to be a
framework conveying to market participants BCE’s long-term approach and philosophy to allocating cash generated by the business and considers BCE’s
strategic business priorities, long-term growth opportunities and capital funding requirements. The policy is designed to remain consistent in the long term
and does not vary to take into account, and is not intended to be adjusted to reflect, our accelerated capital expenditures to advance our network
investments in fibre, 5G and 5G+ network infrastructure which occurred from 2021 to 2024, transitory events affecting the industry or regulatory
environment in which we operate, strategic acquisitions, and other specific events occurring from time to time. The policy is not intended to restrict the
BCE Board’s discretion in declaring dividends and does not bind BCE in declaring any set amount of dividend. As a result, dividends are not automatically
reduced in a year when free cash flow is lower or increased in a year when free cash flow is higher.
BCE’s dividend payout policy, setting the common share dividend rate and the declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board
and, consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend payout policy will be maintained or achieved, that the dividend on common shares will
be maintained, or that dividends will be declared. Dividend rates and the declaration of dividends by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s
operations and financial results, which are in turn subject to various assumptions and risks, including those outlined in section 1, Caution regarding
forward-looking statements of this Annual Information Form.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, our dividend payout ratio(2) was 125%, an increase from 111% for the year ended December 31, 2023, due to
lower free cash flow and higher cash dividends paid on common shares. Free cash flow decreased by $256 million in 2024, compared to 2023, due
mainly to $958 million lower cash flows from operating activities, partly offset by a $684 million reduction in capital expenditures. The $958 million
decrease in cash flows from operating activities was due mainly to a $377 million year-over-year decline in the net change in operating assets and
liabilities, $273 million higher interest paid due to higher average debt levels and higher interest rates, $152 million higher severance and other costs paid
and $83 million higher income taxes paid, partly offset by a $172 million increase in adjusted EBITDA(3).
BCE’s dividend payout ratio for 2024 exceeded the high end of our policy range by 50%, or approximately $1.9 billion, due mainly to substantial capital
expenditures as we continued to make generational investments in our networks to support the buildout of our fibre, 5G and 5G+ network infrastructure,
significant severance payments related to workforce restructuring initiatives and lower cash from operating assets and liabilities.
In Q4 2024, BCE’s DRP was amended to provide, at the BCE Board’s discretion, for the issuance of new common shares from treasury at a discount to
the volume weighted average trading price of the common shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the applicable dividend payment date
(Average Market Price). Commencing with the dividend paid on January 15, 2025, and subsequently until further notice, common shares distributed
under the DRP are being issued from treasury at a discount of 2% to the Average Market Price.

(1)   Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. This financial measure does not have any standardized meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar
      measures presented by other issuers. Refer to section 11, Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on pages 104 to 108 of the BCE 2024 Annual
      Financial Report for more information on this measure including a reconciliation to cash flows from operating activities, being the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure.
(2)   Dividend payout ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. This ratio does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. Dividend payout ratio is
      calculated by dividing dividends paid on common shares by free cash flow Refer to section 11, Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on pages
      104 to 108 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report for more information on this ratio.
(3)   Adjusted EBITDA is a total of segments measure. This financial measure does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. Refer to
      section 11, Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on pages 104 to 108 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report for more information on this
      measure including a reconciliation to net earnings being the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure.

40      BCE INC.          2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Common shares delivered to participants under the DRP in reinvestment of cash dividends were previously purchased on the secondary market with no
discount. The issuance of treasury shares under the discounted DRP enables BCE to retain cash that would otherwise have been paid as cash dividends.
The shareholder enrollment rate for the dividend payment made in January 2025 attained 34%, resulting in $308 million of cash being retained and
contributing to an expected reduction in the dividend payout ratio in 2025. The BCE Board will be evaluating the opportunity to terminate the discount
under the DRP in 2025, taking into account several factors, including the price per share at which shares are being issued under the DRP and BCE’s
progress on initiatives towards reducing its net debt leverage ratio.
BCE’s dividend payout ratio for 2025 is currently expected to be lower than our 2024 dividend payout ratio of 125%. This expectation: (i) reflects a
planned reduction in capital expenditures of approximately $500 million compared to 2024; (ii) excludes the impact of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber, which
is expected to close in the second half of 2025; and (iii) reflects the impact of the discounted treasury DRP.
For additional information, refer to section 1.4, Capital allocation strategy of the BCE 2024 MD&A, on pages 18 to 21 of the BCE 2024 Annual Financial
Report.
The table below describes the increases in BCE’s annualized common share dividend starting with the quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2022.
 Date of announcement              Amount of increase                                           Effective date
 February 3, 2022                  5.1% (from $3.50 per share to $3.68 per share)               Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2022
 February 2, 2023                  5.2% (from $3.68 per share to $3.87 per share)               Quarterly dividend payable on April 17, 2023
 February 8, 2024                  3.1% (from $3.87 per share to $3.99 per share)               Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2024
 February 6, 2025                  0% (from $3.99 per share to $3.99 per share)                 Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2025

Dividends on BCE’s first preferred shares are, if declared, payable quarterly, except for dividends on Series S, Series Y, Series AB, Series AD, Series AE,
Series AH and Series AJ first preferred shares, which, if declared, are payable monthly.
41   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
The table below shows the amount of cash dividends declared per BCE common share and per Series R, Series S, Series T, Series Y, Series Z, Series
AA, Series AB, Series AC, Series AD, Series AE, Series AF, Series AG, Series AH, Series AI, Series AJ, Series AK, Series AL, Series AM, Series AN,
Series AO and Series AQ first preferred share for 2024, 2023 and 2022.

                                                                                                                            2024       2023       2022

Common shares                                                                                                              $3.99      $3.87      $3.68
First preferred shares
       Series R                                                                                                         $0.75450   $0.75450   $0.75450
       Series S                                                                                                         $1.64999   $1.74988   $1.11611
       Series T                                                                                                         $1.24750   $1.24750   $1.24750
       Series Y                                                                                                         $1.64999   $1.74988   $1.11611
       Series Z                                                                                                         $1.33650   $1.33650   $1.06613
       Series AA                                                                                                        $1.23500   $1.23500   $1.06876
       Series AB                                                                                                        $1.64999   $1.74988   $1.11611
       Series AC                                                                                                        $1.27000   $1.27000   $1.09500
       Series AD                                                                                                        $1.64999   $1.74988   $1.11611
       Series AE                                                                                                        $1.64999   $1.74988   $1.11611
       Series AF                                                                                                        $0.96625   $0.96625   $0.96625
       Series AG                                                                                                        $0.84250   $0.84250   $0.84250
       Series AH                                                                                                        $1.64999   $1.74988   $1.11611
       Series AI                                                                                                        $0.84750   $0.84750   $0.84750
       Series AJ                                                                                                        $1.64999   $1.74988   $1.11611
       Series AK                                                                                                        $0.82650   $0.82650   $0.82650
       Series AL                                                                                                        $1.66799   $1.62174   $0.81844
       Series AM                                                                                                        $0.73475   $0.73475   $0.73475
       Series AN                                                                                                        $1.72063   $1.67424   $0.87094
       Series AO(1)                                                                                                          $—         $—    $0.26625
       Series AQ                                                                                                        $1.63450   $1.31088   $1.20300
(1)   On March 31, 2022, BCE redeemed all of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AO.

42      BCE INC.         2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
7            Our directors
             and executive officers
7.1          Directors
The table below lists BCE’s directors, where they lived, the date they were elected or appointed and their principal occupation on March 6, 2025.
Under BCE’s by-laws, each director holds office until the earlier of the next annual shareholder meeting or his or her resignation.

Name, province/state                                 Date elected or appointed
and country of residence                             to the BCE Board                 Principal occupation on March 6, 2025
Mirko Bibic,                                         January 2020                     President and Chief Executive Officer, BCE and Bell Canada, since
Ontario, Canada                                                                       January 2020
Robert P. Dexter,                                    November 2014                    Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Maritime Travel Inc. (an integrated
Nova Scotia, Canada                                                                   travel company), since July 1979
Katherine Lee,                                       August 2015                      Corporate director, since March 2018, and Chartered Professional
Ontario, Canada                                                                       Accountant
Monique F. Leroux, C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA,            April 2016                       Corporate director, since April 2016, and Chartered Professional
Québec, Canada                                                                        Accountant
Sheila A. Murray,                                    May 2020                         Corporate director, since April 2019
Ontario, Canada
Gordon M. Nixon, C.M., O.Ont.,                       November 2014                    Chair of the board of directors, BCE and Bell Canada, since April 2016,
Ontario, Canada                                                                       and corporate director, since September 2014
Louis P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA,                        November 2020                    Corporate director, since September 2020, and Chartered Professional
Ontario, Canada                                                                       Accountant
Calin Rovinescu, C.M.,                               April 2016                       Corporate director, since February 2021
Ontario, Canada
Karen Sheriff,                                       April 2017                       Corporate director, since October 2016
Ontario, Canada
Jennifer Tory, C.M.,                                 April 2021                       Corporate director, since December 2019
Ontario, Canada
Louis Vachon, C.M., O.Q.,                            October 2022                     Operating Partner, J.C. Flowers & Co. (a private investment firm), since
Québec, Canada                                                                        January 2022
Johan Wibergh,                                       November 2023                    Corporate director, since February 2023
Barbados
Cornell Wright,                                      April 2021                       President, Wittington Investments, Limited (the principal holding company
Ontario, Canada                                                                       of the Weston group of companies, which includes George Weston,
                                                                                      Loblaw and Choice Properties), since January 2022

Past occupation
All of BCE’s directors have held the positions listed above or other senior management positions with the same or associated firms or organizations
during the past five years or longer, except for the directors listed below.

Name                                      Past occupation

Louis P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA              Global Managing Partner of Ernst & Young (EY) (a professional services firm), from 2013 to September 2020
Calin Rovinescu, C.M.                     President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada (an airline company), from 2009 to February 2021
Louis Vachon, C.M., O.Q.                  Chief Executive Officer of National Bank of Canada (a chartered bank), from 2007 to November 2021
Johan Wibergh                             Chief Technology Officer of Vodafone Group plc (a global telecommunications provider), from 2015 to December 2022
Cornell Wright                            Partner of Torys LLP (a law firm), from 2009 to April 2021

43   BCE INC.       2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Committees of the BCE Board
The table below lists the committees of the BCE Board and their members on March 6, 2025.

Committee                              Members

Audit                                  Louis P. Pagnutti (Chair)
                                       Katherine Lee, Monique F. Leroux, Jennifer Tory, Johan Wibergh, Cornell Wright
Corporate Governance                   Monique F. Leroux (Chair)
                                       Katherine Lee, Sheila A. Murray, Karen Sheriff, Cornell Wright
Management Resources                   Sheila A. Murray (Chair)
and Compensation                       Robert P. Dexter, Calin Rovinescu, Jennifer Tory, Louis Vachon
Risk and Pension Fund                  Calin Rovinescu (Chair)
                                       Robert P. Dexter, Louis P. Pagnutti, Karen Sheriff, Louis Vachon, Johan Wibergh

44   BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
7.2              Executive officers
On October 10, 2024, Hadeer Hassaan became Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Experience Officer of Bell Canada. Hadeer Hassaan was
previously Senior Vice President, Customer Operations.
The table below lists BCE’s and Bell Canada’s executive officers, where they lived and the office they held at BCE and/or Bell Canada on March 6, 2025.

Name                                    Province and country of residence                     Office held at BCE/Bell Canada
Mirko Bibic                             Ontario, Canada                                       President and Chief Executive Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Sean Cohan                              Ontario, Canada                                       President, Bell Media (Bell Canada)
Hadeer Hassaan                          Ontario, Canada                                       Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Experience Officer (Bell Canada)
Stephen Howe                            Ontario, Canada                                       Chief Technology and Information Officer (Bell Canada)
Blaik Kirby                             Ontario, Canada                                       Group President, Consumer and Small & Medium Business (SMB) (Bell Canada)
Devorah Lithwick                        Ontario, Canada                                       Senior Vice President and Chief Brand Officer (Bell Canada)
Robert Malcolmson                       Ontario, Canada                                       Executive Vice President and Chief Legal & Regulatory Officer
                                                                                              (BCE and Bell Canada)
Curtis Millen(1)                        Québec, Canada                                        Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Nikki Moffat                            Ontario, Canada                                       Executive Vice President, Corporate Services and Chief Human Resources Officer
                                                                                              (BCE and Bell Canada)
Karine Moses(1)                         Québec, Canada                                        Senior Vice President, Sales and Vice Chair, Québec (Bell Canada)
John Watson                             Ontario, Canada                                       Group President, Business Markets, AI and FX Innovation (Bell Canada)
(1)   Karine Moses is a director of FormerGestion Inc. (formerly Gestion Juste Pour Rire Inc.) and related entities, which filed on March 5, 2024 a notice of intention to make a proposal under section 50.4 of the Bankruptcy and
      Insolvency Act, which proceedings were subsequently continued on March 15, 2024 under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act. In addition, Curtis Millen was a director of these entities for part of the 12 months
      preceding March 5, 2024.


All of our executive officers have held their present positions or other senior management positions with BCE or Bell Canada during the past five years or
longer, except for Sean Cohan, who was Chief Growth Officer & President at Nielsen Holdings PLC (a global measurement and data analytics company)
from March 2020 to January 2023 and President at Pick Six LLC (a media consulting and investing company) from 2019 to 2020.




7.3              Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership
As at December 31, 2024, BCE’s directors and executive officers elected or appointed at such date as a group beneficially owned, or exercised control or
direction over, directly or indirectly, 445,134 common shares (or less than 0.1%) of BCE.
45    BCE INC.          2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
8               Legal proceedings
In the ordinary course of our business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In
particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class actions pursuant to which substantial monetary damages may
be claimed. This section describes important legal proceedings in which we were involved as at March 6, 2025. This list is not comprehensive and we are
involved in a number of other legal proceedings. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot predict the final outcome
or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and based on information currently available and management’s assessment of the
merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 6, 2025, management believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal
proceedings is unlikely to have a material and negative effect on our financial statements or operations. We believe that we have strong defences and we
intend to vigorously defend our positions.


Class action and lawsuits concerning neighbourhood marketing practices
On September 21, 2018, a claim was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada for damages and for injunctive relief by Vidéotron Ltée
(Vidéotron). The claim alleges that Bell Canada pursues itinerant merchant activities in Québec without complying with the requirements of the Québec
Consumer Protection Act (QCPA). The claim estimates damages at $78.5 million. Vidéotron is also seeking an injunction ordering Bell Canada to obtain a
permit and comply with the provisions of the QCPA governing itinerant merchants. On January 8, 2019, Cogeco Connexion Inc. filed a claim in damages
and for injunctive relief against Bell Canada in the Québec Superior Court, which is similar to the Vidéotron claim referred to above. The claim estimates
damages at $9.2 million.
On November 24, 2021, an application for authorization to institute a class action was filed against Bell Canada on behalf of all consumers in Québec
who subscribed to or renewed a services contract with Bell Canada at their homes through a neighbourhood marketing agent or outside a permanent Bell
Canada retail location from June 23, 2018 to the date of final judgment. The plaintiff alleges that Bell Canada’s neighbourhood marketing process violates
the QCPA and the Civil Code of Québec. The plaintiff further alleges that Bell Canada conducts these practices in bad faith. The action seeks punitive
damages of $1,000 per class member. On July 4, 2023, the Québec Superior Court delivered its decision authorizing the class action.


Claim under the Copyright Act
On July 5, 2021, a statement of claim was filed in the Federal Court against Bell Canada (and the former Bell Aliant) by certain copyright owners including
Millennium Funding Inc. The claim alleges breach of the Copyright Act for failing to forward certain copyright infringement notices to Bell customers. The
claim seeks $10,000 for each alleged failure, for a total of $397,910,000.


Intellectual property infringement lawsuits concerning IPTV, satellite TV and/or
Crave systems
On January 19, 2018, a patent infringement claim was filed in the Federal Court against BCE Inc., Bell Canada, Bell Aliant Regional Communications Inc.,
Bell MTS and NorthernTel, Limited Partnership by Rovi Guides, Inc. (Rovi) and Tivo Solutions Inc. (Tivo). The claim alleges that the defendants, through
their manufacture, distribution, sale and use of certain features of their IPTV systems, have infringed, and induced users to infringe, on six patents
variously owned by the plaintiffs (the two Tivo patents were subsequently withdrawn). In addition to declaratory and injunctive relief, the plaintiffs seek
damages in the form of unpaid royalties in relation to the defendants’ revenues from their IPTV services or an accounting of the defendants’ profits.
Following a trial on the merits of the liability phase, on October 7, 2022, the trial judge delivered a judgment completely in the defendants’ favour,
dismissing all of the plaintiffs’ claims and invalidating all four of the remaining patents. The plaintiffs’ appeal from that judgment was heard on
November 29, 2023. On August 6, 2024, the Federal Court of Appeal dismissed Rovi’s appeal.
On July 27, 2021, a further claim was filed in the Federal Court by Rovi against BCE Inc., Bell Canada, Bell Media, Bell ExpressVu, NorthernTel, Limited
Partnership and certain third-party suppliers alleging infringement of a different set of four patents from the action noted above. The claim alleges that the
defendants, through their manufacture, distribution, sale and use of certain features of their IPTV, satellite TV and OTT Crave systems, have infringed,
and induced users to infringe, on four patents owned by the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs seek similar damages as in the 2018 action. On February 15, 2023,
the Court granted the defendants’ motion
46   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
to bifurcate the action into separate liability and damages phases. The plaintiffs were amended to include TiVo LLC and then subsequently to replace
Rovi and TiVo with corporate successors Adeia Guides Inc. and Adeia Media Holdings LLC.


Class actions concerning service fee modifications
On November 27, 2015, an application for authorization to institute a class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada, Bell
ExpressVu and Bell Mobility on behalf of all consumers whose monthly fees for wireline telephone services, Internet services, Fibe TV services, satellite
TV services or wireless postpaid services were unilaterally modified at any time since November 2012. The plaintiff alleges that the notices provided by
the defendants of the price increases were not compliant with the QCPA. The action seeks the reimbursement, since November 2012, of the monthly
price increases, and payment of punitive damages in the amount of $100 per class member. On July 10, 2017, the court authorized the action to proceed
as a class action.
On December 12, 2018, another application for authorization to institute a class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against regional
subsidiaries Télébec, Limited Partnership and Cablevision du Nord de Québec Inc. on behalf of all consumers and business entities whose monthly fees
for wireline telephone services, Internet services, TV services or wireless postpaid services were unilaterally modified at any time since December 2015.
The plaintiff alleges that the notices provided by the defendants of the price increases were not compliant under the QCPA and the Civil Code of Québec.
The action seeks the reimbursement, since December 2015, of the monthly price increases, and payment of punitive damages in the amount of $100 per
class member. In a decision dated February 3, 2022, the court authorized the action to proceed as a class action for the price increases that occurred
between December 12, 2015 and November 2022.


Class action and purported class action concerning relevant advertisements
initiative
On April 14 and 16, 2015, respectively, an application for authorization to institute a class action was filed against Bell Canada and Bell Mobility in the
Québec Superior Court and a statement of claim was filed against Bell Canada and Bell Mobility pursuant to the Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in the
Ontario Superior Court. The plaintiffs seek damages for breach of contract, breach of applicable consumer protection legislation, breach of the Civil Code
of Québec, intrusion upon seclusion, negligence, breach of confidence, unjust enrichment and waiver of tort resulting from Bell Canada’s and Bell
Mobility’s alleged unauthorized use and disclosure of personal information pursuant to the Relevant Advertisements Initiative. Unspecified punitive
damages are also sought in both actions. On November 16, 2017, the court stayed the Québec action. On May 13, 2019, the Ontario Superior Court
certified the Ontario action as a national class action against Bell Mobility for the period between November 16, 2013 and April 14, 2015.


Class actions concerning increase to late payment charges
On October 28, 2010, an application for authorization to institute a class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada and Bell
Mobility on behalf of all physical persons and companies of 50 employees or less in Canada who were billed late payment charges since June 2010. The
plaintiffs allege that the increase by Bell Canada and Bell Mobility of the late payment charge imposed on customers who fail to pay their invoices by the
due date from 2% to 3% per month is invalid. The action seeks an order requiring Bell Canada and Bell Mobility to repay all late payment charges in
excess of 2% per month to the members of the class, in addition to general and punitive damages. On December 16, 2011, the court authorized the
action but limited the class members to residents of the province of Québec with respect to home phone, wireless and Internet services.
On January 10, 2012, another application for the authorization to institute an identical class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell
ExpressVu with respect to TV services, later amended to add Bell Canada as defendant. On December 19, 2014, the court authorized this action to
proceed as a class action.


Class action concerning rounding-up of minutes
On August 18, 2008, a statement of claim was filed pursuant to the Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in the Ontario Superior Court against Bell Mobility on
behalf of all Canadian Bell Mobility customers who, since July 2002, have had their wireless airtime rounded up to the next full minute. The action alleges
misrepresentation and breach of contract and seeks reimbursement of all amounts received by Bell Mobility as a result of the rounded-up portion of per
minute charges for wireless airtime, alleged to be general damages of $500 million and punitive damages of $20 million. The action was certified as a
class action on November 25, 2014, for the period between August 18, 2006 and October 1, 2009.
47   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
Purported class action concerning “911 fees”
On June 26, 2008, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act (Saskatchewan) in the now Saskatchewan Court of King’s Bench against a
number of communications service providers, including Bell Mobility and its predecessors Bell MTS and Bell Aliant Regional Communications, Limited
Partnership (Bell Aliant LP), on behalf of certain alleged customers (the action also named BCE Inc. and Bell Canada as defendants but they were
removed). The statement of claim alleges, among other things, breach of contract and duty to inform, deceit, misrepresentation, unjust enrichment,
breaches of provincial consumer protection legislation and the Competition Act, and collusion in connection with certain “911 fees” invoiced by
communications service providers to their customers. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, punitive damages and an accounting and constructive
trust of the “911 fees” collected. The action seeks certification of a national class encompassing all customers of communications service providers,
wherever resident in Canada. The action has not yet been certified as a class action.


Class action concerning wireless system access fees
On August 9, 2004, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act (Saskatchewan) in the now Saskatchewan Court of King’s Bench against
a number of wireless communications service providers, including Bell Mobility and its predecessors Bell MTS and Bell Aliant LP, on behalf of certain
alleged customers. This statement of claim alleges, among other things, breach of contract and duty to inform, deceit, misrepresentation, unjust
enrichment and collusion in connection with certain system access fees and system licensing charges invoiced by wireless communications service
providers to their customers. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified general and punitive damages. On September 17, 2007, the court granted certification,
on the grounds of unjust enrichment only, of a national class encompassing all customers of the defendant wireless communications service providers,
wherever resident in Canada, on the basis of an opt-out class in Saskatchewan and an opt-in class elsewhere in Canada.


Other
We are subject to other claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our current and past operations, including class actions, employment-
related disputes, contract disputes, competitor disputes and customer disputes. In some claims and legal proceedings, the claimant seeks damages as
well as other relief which, if granted, could require substantial expenditures on our part or could result in changes to our business practices.
48   BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
9               Interest of management and others in material
                transactions
To the best of our knowledge, there have been no current or nominated directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of a current or
nominated director or executive officer with a material interest in any transaction within the three most recently completed financial years or during the
current financial year that has materially affected us or is reasonably expected to materially affect us.



10 Interest of experts
Deloitte LLP prepared the Report of independent registered public accounting firm in respect of our audited consolidated financial statements as at and
for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the Report of independent registered public accounting firm in respect of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. Deloitte LLP is independent of BCE within the meaning of the Code of Ethics of the Ordre des comptables
professionnels agréés du Québec and within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations
thereunder adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).



11              Transfer agent and registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for the common shares and preferred shares of BCE in Canada is TSX Trust Company at its principal offices in Montréal,
Québec; Toronto, Ontario; Calgary, Alberta; and Vancouver, British Columbia; and in the U.S. is Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (successor to American
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC) at its principal office in New York, New York.
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian unsubordinated debentures is kept at the principal office of BNY Trust Company of Canada (BNY) in Montréal,
and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of the Canadian unsubordinated debentures are maintained at the principal offices of BNY in Montréal
and Toronto.
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian subordinated debentures is kept at the principal office of BNY in Montréal, and facilities for registration, exchange
and transfer of the Canadian subordinated debentures are maintained at the principal offices of BNY in Montréal and Toronto.
The register for Bell Canada’s U.S. notes, issued pursuant to its 2016 U.S. trust indenture, is kept at the principal office of The Bank of New York Mellon in
New York, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of such U.S. notes are also maintained at the principal office of The Bank of New York
Mellon in New York.
The register for Bell Canada’s Junior Subordinated Notes issued pursuant to its 2025 U.S. trust indenture is kept at the principal office of The Bank of
New York Mellon in New York, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of such Junior Subordinated Notes are also maintained at the principal
office of The Bank of New York Mellon in New York.
49   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
12 For more information
This Annual Information Form as well as BCE’s annual and quarterly shareholder reports and news releases are available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
Additional information, including information about directors’ and officers’ remuneration and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
plans, is contained in BCE’s management proxy circular for its most recent annual meeting of security holders that involved the election of directors.
Additional information relating to BCE is available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at sec.gov. Additional financial information is provided in
BCE’s audited consolidated financial statements and the related management’s discussion and analysis for BCE’s most recently completed financial year,
contained in the BCE 2024 Annual Financial Report. You may ask for a copy of the annual and quarterly management’s discussion and analysis of BCE
by contacting the Investor Relations group of BCE at Building A, 8th Floor, 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3 or by sending
an e-mail to investor.relations@bce.ca.
Shareholder inquiries     1-800-561-0934
Investor relations        1-800-339-6353
50   BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
13 Schedule 1 –
   Audit Committee information
The purpose of BCE’s Audit Committee (Audit Committee) is to assist the BCE Board in its oversight of:
     •     the integrity of BCE’s financial statements and related information;
     •     BCE’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements;
     •     the independence, qualifications and appointment of the external auditors;
     •     the performance of both the external and internal auditors;
     •     management’s responsibility for assessing and reporting on the effectiveness of internal controls;
     •     BCE’s risk processes as they relate to financial reporting and management.

Members’ financial literacy, expertise and simultaneous service
Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related SEC rules, BCE is required to disclose whether its Audit Committee members include at least one
“audit committee financial expert” as defined by these rules. In addition, National Instrument 52-110 – Audit Committees and the NYSE governance rules
followed by BCE require that all audit committee members be “financially literate” and “independent”.
The BCE Board has determined that all the members of the Audit Committee during 2024 were, and all current members of the Audit Committee are,
financially literate and independent, and that the current Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. L.P. Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux are
qualified as “audit committee financial experts”. The table below outlines the relevant education and experience of all members of the Audit Committee,
whether during 2024 or currently.

Relevant education and experience
L.P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA Mr. Pagnutti has been a director of BCE since November 2020 and is Chair of the Audit Committee since January 2021. Mr. Pagnutti is
(Chair)                  a corporate director and was Global Managing Partner Business Enablement of EY (a professional services firm) and a member of
                         EY’s Global Executive Board until his retirement in September 2020. As Global Managing Partner, he was responsible for EY’s
                         business functions across the globe. He oversaw EY’s strategy and its execution for all functions, including technology, finance, risk
                         management, legal, shared services and procurement. Mr. Pagnutti joined EY Assurance in 1981, before moving to EY Tax in 1986.
                         From 2004 until 2010, he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EY Canada and a member of the EY Americas Executive
                         Board. He was EY Asia-Pacific Area Managing Partner from 2010 to 2013. Mr. Pagnutti holds an Honours Bachelor of Commerce
                         degree from Laurentian University. He earned his Chartered Accountant designation in 1983 and was honoured with a Fellow
                         Chartered Accountant designation in 2006. He has served on the Sunnybrook Hospital Foundation and Pathways to Education boards.
                         Mr. Pagnutti initiated EY Canada’s role as National Volunteer Partner of Pathways to Education, a program dedicated to helping high
                         school students from low-income and under-represented groups complete high school and pursue post-secondary education.

K. Lee                       Ms. Lee has been a director of BCE since August 2015. She is a corporate director and, from 2010 to February 2015, served as
                             President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Canada (a leading global provider of financial and fleet management solutions to
                             mid-market companies operating in a broad range of economic sectors). Prior to this role, Ms. Lee served as Chief Executive Officer of
                             GE Capital Real Estate in Canada from 2002 to 2010, building it into a full debt and equity operating company. Ms. Lee joined GE in
                             1994, where she held a number of positions, including Director, Mergers & Acquisitions, for GE Capital’s Pension Fund Advisory
                             Services based in San Francisco, and Managing Director of GE Capital Real Estate Korea based in Seoul and Tokyo. Ms. Lee earned
                             a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Toronto. She is a Chartered Professional Accountant and Chartered
                             Accountant. She is active in the community, championing women’s networks and Asia-Pacific forums. Ms. Lee is a director of Colliers
                             International Group and Public Sector Pension Investments.


51       BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
M.F. Leroux,                 Ms. Leroux has been a director of BCE since April 2016. Companion of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and the Investment
C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA        Industry Hall of Fame, Ms. Leroux is a corporate director, who serves as an independent director of Michelin Group and Alimentation
                             Couche-Tard Inc. As such, she brings to these boards her diverse experience, among others as Audit Partner at Ernst and Young from
                             1988 to 1995 and Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins Group from 2008 to 2016. Ms. Leroux is Chair of
                             Michelin’s Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, which oversees ESG (including climate change) matters for the company. In
                             2020, Ms. Leroux acted as Chair of the Industry Strategy Council appointed by the Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry
                             Canada. From 2016 to 2020, she was Chair of the Board of Investissement Québec. She is Vice-Chair of the Montreal Symphony
                             Orchestra (OSM) and she is also Chair of the Boards of the University of Sherbrooke and Conservatoire de musique et d’art
                             dramatique du Québec. Ms. Leroux is a Companion of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a Chevalier of
                             the Légion d’honneur (France) and a recipient of the Woodrow Wilson Award (United States). She has been awarded Fellowship by the
                             Ordre des comptables professionnels agréés du Québec and the Institute of Corporate Directors and holds honourary doctorates from
                             12 Canadian universities in recognition of her contribution to the business sector and to the community.
J. Tory, C.M.                Ms. Tory has been a director of BCE since April 2021. She is a corporate director who was, until her retirement in December 2019, the
                             Chief Administrative Officer of RBC (a chartered bank), where she held responsibility for Brand, Marketing, Citizenship (ESG) &
                             Communications, Procurement and Real Estate functions globally. Prior to this role, she was Group Head, Personal & Commercial
                             Banking, leading RBC’s retail and commercial customer businesses and operations in Canada and the Caribbean from 2014 to 2017.
                             Throughout her 42-year career, Ms. Tory held a number of key senior operating positions across retail distribution and operations,
                             including overseeing digital and cost transformation of the business. An acknowledged community leader and fundraiser, she currently
                             sits on the board of the Sunnybrook Hospital Foundation and is past Chair of the board of the Toronto International Film Festival.
                             A champion of diversity, Ms. Tory is the recipient of numerous awards recognizing her work related to the development and
                             advancement of women. She has completed her Global Competent Board Sustainability & ESG Designation and Certificate (GCB.D),
                             which included a session on climate change and biodiversity.

J. Wibergh                   Mr. Wibergh has been a director of BCE since November 2023. He is the former Chief Technology Officer of Vodafone, a global
                             telecommunications provider, having retired in January 2023. He is a seasoned technology executive with over 35 years of experience
                             in managing large-scale operations across the globe, having served in various C-suite positions with leading global companies for
                             more than 15 years. Mr. Wibergh’s career includes nearly eight years as the Group Chief Technology Officer of Vodafone and 6.5 years
                             as EVP & Head of Business Unit Networks for Ericsson. His leadership experience spans technology innovation, telecoms networks,
                             enterprise networks, digital and IT systems, cybersecurity, R&D, product management, operational excellence, and large-scale 24/7
                             operations. Mr. Wibergh is a member of four American boards, AST SpaceMobile, Inc., Trimble Inc., Inception Holding (comprising
                             Marconi and Avanci) and Cohere Technologies. Mr. Wibergh’s previous board experience includes Vantage Towers AG (2020–2022),
                             KTH Royal Institute of Technology (2010–2016) and chair of Next Generation Mobile Networks (2016–2018). He has also served on
                             the advisory boards of IBM, HP Enterprises and Amdocs. Mr. Wibergh has a Masters in Computer Science and Engineering from
                             Linköping University, Sweden.

C. Wright                    Mr. Wright has been a director of BCE since April 2021. Mr. Wright is President of Wittington Investments, Limited (Wittington) (the
                             principal holding company of the Weston group of companies, which includes George Weston, Loblaw and Choice Properties). As
                             President of Wittington, Mr. Wright serves as a director of the Weston group of companies. Mr. Wright joined Wittington in 2021
                             following a 20-year career at Torys LLP (a law firm), where he was a leading corporate lawyer. He served as Chair of the firm’s
                             Corporate Department and was co-head of the firm’s M&A Practice. Mr. Wright has a broad range of experience in complex
                             transactional, securities, private equity, regulatory, governance and compliance matters. He is a Fellow of The American College of
                             Governance Counsel. Mr. Wright is a Trustee of University Health Network, a member of the Dean’s Advisory Board at the Rotman
                             School of Management, and past Chair of the board of the National Ballet of Canada. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from McGill
                             University and JD and MBA degrees from the University of Toronto.

The NYSE rules followed by BCE require that if an audit committee member serves simultaneously on the audit committee of more than three public
companies, the board of directors must determine and disclose that this simultaneous service does not impair the ability of the member to effectively
serve on the Audit Committee. No Audit Committee member currently serves simultaneously on the audit committee of more than three public companies.

Pre-approval policies and procedures
BCE’s Auditor Independence Policy is a comprehensive policy governing all aspects of our relationship with the external auditors, including:
     •     establishing a process for determining whether various audit and other services provided by the external auditors affect their independence;
     •     identifying the services that the external auditors may and may not provide to BCE and its subsidiaries;
     •     pre-approving all services to be provided by the external auditors of BCE and its subsidiaries;
     •     establishing a process outlining procedures when hiring current or former personnel of the external auditors in a financial oversight role to ensure
           auditor independence is maintained.
In particular, the policy specifies that:
52       BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
      •       the external auditors cannot be hired to provide any services falling within the prohibited services category, such as bookkeeping, financial
              information system design and implementation, or legal services;
      •       for all audit and non-audit services falling within the permitted services category (such as prospectus, due diligence and non-statutory audits), a
              request for approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee prior to engaging the external auditors;
      •       specific permitted services, however, are pre-approved annually and quarterly by the Audit Committee and consequently only require approval by
              the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer prior to engaging the external auditors;
      •       at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting, a summary of all fees billed by the external auditors by type of service is presented. This
              summary includes the details of fees incurred within the pre-approval amounts.
The Auditor Independence Policy is available in the governance section of BCE’s website at BCE.ca.

External auditors’ fees
The table below shows the fees that BCE’s external auditors, Deloitte LLP, billed to BCE and its subsidiaries for various services in each of the past two
fiscal years.
                                                                                          2024                              2023
                                                                               (in $ millions)                   (in $ millions)
Audit fees(1)                                                                               10.5                              10.1
Audit-related fees(2)                                                                        3.5                               3.5
Tax fees(3)                                                                                  0.3                               0.3
All other fees(4)                                                                            0.1                               0.1
Total(5)                                                                                    14.4                              14.0
(1)       These fees include professional services provided by the external auditors for statutory audits of the annual financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, the review of interim
          financial reports, the review of financial accounting and reporting matters, the review of securities offering documents and translation services.
(2)       These fees relate to non-statutory audits and due diligence procedures, and other regulatory audits and filings.
(3)       These fees include professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and assistance with tax audits.
(4)       These fees include any other fees for permitted services not included in any of the above-stated categories.
(5)       The amounts of $14.4 million for 2024 and $14.0 million for 2023 reflect fees billed in those fiscal years without taking into account the year to which those services relate. Total fees for services provided for each fiscal year
          amounted to $10.9 million in 2024 and $10.8 million in 2023.

53        BCE INC.           2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
14 Schedule 2 –
   Audit Committee charter
I.     Purpose
The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its oversight of:
A.     the integrity of the Corporation’s financial statements and related information;
B.     the Corporation’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements;
C.     the independence, qualifications and appointment of the shareholders’ auditor;
D.     the performance of the shareholders’ auditor and internal audit;
E.     management responsibility for assessing and reporting on the effectiveness of internal controls; and
F.     the Corporation’s risks as they relate to financial reporting and management.

II.    Duties and Responsibilities
The Audit Committee shall perform the functions customarily performed by audit committees and any other functions assigned by the Board of Directors.
In particular, the Audit Committee shall have the following duties and responsibilities:

A.     Financial Reporting and Control
       1.    On a quarterly and annual basis, review and discuss with management and the shareholders’ auditor the following:
             a.    major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentation, including any significant changes in the
                   Corporation’s selection or application of accounting principles or material related party transactions, and issues as to the adequacy of
                   the Corporation’s internal controls and any special audit steps adopted in light of material control deficiencies;
             b.    analyses prepared by management and/or the shareholders’ auditor setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgements
                   made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements, including the impact of selecting one of several International
                   Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and/or non IFRS measures on the financial statements when such a selection has been made in
                   the current reporting period;
             c.    the effect of regulatory and accounting developments, as well as off-balance sheet arrangements, on the financial statements of the
                   Corporation; and
             d.    the type and presentation of information to be included in earnings press releases (including any use of pro-forma or non-IFRS
                   information).
       2.    Meet to review and discuss with management and the shareholders’ auditor, report and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the
             Board of Directors on the following prior to its public disclosure:
             a.    the Corporation’s annual and interim consolidated financial statements and the related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”, safe
                   harbour notice concerning forward-looking statements, annual integrated report, Annual Information Form, earnings press releases and
                   earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies and the integrity of the financial reporting of the Corporation;
                   –      In addition to the role of the Audit Committee to make recommendations to the Board of Directors, where the members of the
                          Audit Committee consider that it is appropriate and in the best interest of the Corporation, the Corporation’s interim consolidated
                          financial statements and the related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”, the interim earnings press releases and the
                          earnings guidance, may also be approved on behalf of the Board of Directors by the Audit Committee, provided that such
                          approval is subsequently reported to the Board of Directors at its next meeting;
             b.    any audit issues raised by the shareholders’ auditor and management’s response thereto, including any restrictions on the scope of the
                   activities of the shareholders’ auditor or access to requested information and any significant disagreements with management.
54    BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
      3.    Review and discuss reports from the shareholders’ auditor on:
            a.    all critical accounting policies and practices used by the Corporation;
            b.    all material selections of accounting policies when there is a choice of policies available under IFRS that have been discussed with
                  management, including the ramifications of the use of such alternative treatment and the alternative preferred by the shareholders’
                  auditor; and
            c.    other material written communications between the shareholders’ auditor and management, and discuss such communication with the
                  shareholders’ auditor.

B.    Oversight of the Shareholders’ Auditor
      1.    Be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the shareholders’ auditor, who shall report
            directly to the Audit Committee, and any other auditor preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit services or attest services
            for the Corporation or any consolidated subsidiary of the Corporation, where required, and review, report and, where appropriate, provide
            recommendations to the Board of Directors on the appointment, terms and review of engagement, removal, independence and proposed fees
            of the shareholders’ auditor.
      2.    Approve in advance all audit, review or attest engagement fees and terms for all audit, review or attest services to be provided by the
            shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary and any other auditor preparing or issuing an audit report or
            performing other audit services or attest services for the Corporation or any consolidated subsidiary of the Corporation, where required.
      3.    Pre-approve all engagements for permitted audit and non-audit services to be provided by the shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and
            any consolidated subsidiary and to this effect may establish policies and procedures for the engagement of the shareholders’ auditor to
            provide to the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary permitted non-audit services, which shall include approval in advance by the Audit
            Committee of all audit/review and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any
            consolidated subsidiary.
      4.    Delegate, if deemed appropriate, authority to the Chief Financial Officer to grant pre-approvals of audit, review and permitted non-audit
            services, provided that any such approvals shall be presented to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting.
      5.    Establish policies for the hiring of partners, employees and former partners and employees of the shareholders’ auditor.
      6.    At least annually, consider, assess, and report to the Board of Directors on:
            a.    the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the shareholders’ auditor, including that the shareholders’ auditor’s
                  performance of permitted non-audit services does not impair the shareholders’ auditor’s independence;
            b.    obtaining from the shareholders’ auditor a written statement (i) delineating all relationships between the shareholders’ auditor and the
                  Corporation; (ii) assuring that lead audit partner rotation is carried out, as required by law; and (iii) delineating any other relationships
                  that may adversely affect the independence of the shareholders’ auditor;
            c.    the quality of the engagement team including the evaluation of the lead audit partner, taking into account the opinions of management
                  and internal audit; and
            d.    the quality of the communications and interactions with the external auditor.
      7.    At least annually, obtain and review a report by the shareholders’ auditor describing:
            a.    the shareholders’ auditor’s internal quality-control procedures;
            b.    any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review of the shareholders’ auditor firm, or by any
                  inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, issued in the reporting year, respecting one or more independent
                  audits carried out by the shareholders’ auditor firm in Canada and the United States, limited to the Public Company Accounting
                  Oversight Board, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues.
      8.    At least every 5 years, unless the annual assessment indicates otherwise, conduct a comprehensive review of the shareholders’ auditor
            focussing on the firm and report to the Board of Directors on:
            a.    the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the shareholders’ auditor;
            b.    the quality of the engagement team; and
            c.    the quality of communications and interactions with the shareholders’ auditor.
      9.    Resolve any disagreement between management and the shareholders’ auditor regarding financial reporting.
55   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
      10.   Review the annual audit plan with the shareholders’ auditor.
      11.   Meet periodically with the shareholders’ auditor in the absence of management and internal audit.

C.    Oversight of Internal Audit
      1.    Review and discuss with the head of internal audit, report and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the
            following:
            a.    the appointment and mandate of internal audit, including the responsibilities, budget and staffing of internal audit;
            b.    discuss with the head of internal audit the scope and performance of internal audit, including a review of the annual internal audit plan,
                  and whether there are any restrictions or limitations on internal audit; and
            c.    obtain periodic reports from the head of internal audit regarding internal audit findings, including those related to the Corporation’s
                  internal controls, and the Corporation’s progress in remedying any audit findings.
      2.    Meet periodically with the head of internal audit in the absence of management and the shareholders’ auditor.

D.    Oversight of the Corporation’s Internal Control System
      1.    Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and internal audit, monitor, report and, where appropriate, provide
            recommendations to the Board of Directors on the following:
            a.    the Corporation’s systems of internal controls over financial reporting;
            b.    the existence of any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
                  Corporation’s internal controls over financial reporting;
            c.    compliance with the policies and practices of the Corporation relating to business ethics and code of conduct;
            d.    compliance by Directors, Officers and other management personnel with the Corporation’s Disclosure Policy; and
            e.    the relationship of the Audit Committee with other committees of the Board of Directors, management and the Corporation’s
                  consolidated subsidiaries’ audit committees.
      2.    Review and discuss with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation the process for the certifications to be
            provided in the Corporation’s public disclosure documents.
      3.    Review, monitor, report, and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s disclosure controls
            and procedures.
      4.    Establish procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by the Corporation regarding accounting, internal
            accounting controls or auditing matters, including procedures for confidential, anonymous submissions by employees regarding questionable
            accounting or auditing matters.
      5.    Meet periodically with management in the absence of the shareholders’ auditor and internal audit.

E.    Oversight of the Corporation’s Financial Reporting and Management Risks
      1.    Review, monitor, report and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s processes for
            identifying, assessing, mitigating, remedying and, where required, reporting major financial reporting and management risk exposures.
      2.    Review, report, and where appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on certain key financial reporting and
            management policies, including the Corporation’s Auditor Independence Policy and Complaints Procedures for Accounting and Auditing
            Matters, and recommend changes as deemed appropriate.

F.    Journalistic Independence
      1.    Consider and approve, on recommendation from the Chief Executive Officer, the appointment and termination of the Vice President
            responsible for CTV News and the Vice President responsible for Noovo News.
      2.    At least annually, obtain and review reports regarding compliance with the Corporation’s Journalistic Independence Policy by each of the Vice
            President responsible for CTV News and the Vice President responsible for Noovo News.

G.    Compliance with Legal Requirements
      1.    Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and internal audit, monitor, report and, when appropriate, provide
            recommendations to the Board of Directors on the adequacy of the Corporation’s process for complying with laws and regulations.
56   BCE INC.    2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
        2.    Receive, on a periodic basis, reports from the Corporation’s General Counsel or Chief Legal Officer, with respect to the Corporation’s pending
              or threatened material litigation.

III.     Evaluation of the Audit Committee and Report to Board of Directors
A.       The Audit Committee shall evaluate and review with the Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis, the
         performance of the Audit Committee.
B.       The Audit Committee shall review and discuss with the Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis, the
         adequacy of the Audit Committee charter.
C.       The Audit Committee shall report to the Board of Directors periodically on the Audit Committee’s activities.

IV.      Outside Advisors
The Audit Committee shall have the authority to engage outside counsel and other outside advisors as it deems appropriate to assist the Audit Committee
in the performance of its functions. The Corporation shall provide appropriate funding for such advisors as determined by the Audit Committee.

V.       Membership
The Audit Committee shall consist of such number of directors, in no event to be less than three, as the Board of Directors may from time to time by
resolution determine. The members of the Audit Committee shall meet the independence, experience and other membership requirements under
applicable laws, rules and regulations, including stock exchange requirements, as determined by the Board of Directors.

VI.      Audit Committee Chair
The Chair of the Audit Committee shall be appointed by the Board of Directors. The Chair of the Audit Committee leads the Audit Committee in all aspects
of its work and is responsible to effectively manage the affairs of the Audit Committee and ensure that it is properly organized and functions efficiently.
More specifically, the Chair of the Audit Committee shall:
A.       Provide leadership to enable the Audit Committee to act effectively in carrying out its duties and responsibilities as described elsewhere in this
         charter and as otherwise may be appropriate;
B.       In consultation with the Board Chair and the Chief Executive Officer, ensure that there is an effective relationship between management and the
         members of the Audit Committee;
C.       Chair meetings of the Audit Committee;
D.       In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Corporate Secretary’s Office and the Board Chair, determine the frequency, dates and
         locations of meetings of the Audit Committee;
E.       In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers,
         review the annual work plan and the meeting agendas to ensure all required business is brought before the Audit Committee to enable it to
         efficiently carry out its duties and responsibilities;
F.       Ensure, in consultation with the Board Chair, that all items requiring the Audit Committee’s approval are appropriately tabled;
G.       Ensure the proper flow of information to the Audit Committee and review, with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the
         Corporate Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers, the adequacy and timing of materials in support of management’s proposals;
H.       Report to the Board of Directors on the matters reviewed by, and on any decisions or recommendations of, the Audit Committee at the next
         meeting of the Board of Directors following any meeting of the Audit Committee; and
I.       Carry out any special assignments or any functions as requested by the Board of Directors.

VII.     Term
The members of the Audit Committee shall be appointed or changed by resolution of the Board of Directors to hold office from the time of their
appointment until the next annual general meeting of the shareholders or until their successors are so appointed.

VIII.    Procedures for Meetings
The Audit Committee shall fix its own procedure at meetings and for the calling of meetings. The Audit Committee shall meet separately in executive
session in the absence of management, internal audit and the shareholders’ auditor, at each regularly scheduled meeting.
57     BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
IX.      Quorum and Voting
Unless otherwise determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors, two members of the Audit Committee shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business at a meeting. For any meeting(s) at which the Audit Committee Chair is absent, the Chair of the meeting shall be the person
present who shall be decided upon by all members present. At a meeting, any question shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast by members of
the Audit Committee, except where only two members are present, in which case any question shall be decided unanimously.

X.       Secretary
Unless otherwise determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation or the Corporate Secretary’s delegate
shall be the Secretary of the Audit Committee.

XI.      Vacancies
Vacancies at any time occurring shall be filled by resolution of the Board of Directors.

XII.     Records
The Audit Committee shall keep such records as it may deem necessary of its proceedings and shall report regularly its activities and recommendations
to the Board of Directors as appropriate.
58     BCE INC.   2024 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
BCE.CA
                                                                                                                               Exhibit 99.2

MD&A



Management’s
discussion and analysis
Table of contents
1   Overview                                                          10   5   Business segment analysis                                52
    1.1    Introduction                                               10       5.1    Bell CTS                                          52
    1.2    About BCE                                                  13       5.2    Bell Media                                        61
    1.3    Key corporate developments                                 17   6   Financial and capital management                         66
    1.4    Capital allocation strategy                                18
                                                                               6.1    Net debt                                          66
    1.5    Corporate governance and risk management                   21
                                                                               6.2    Outstanding share data                            67
    1.6    Capitals and our corporate responsibility                  24
                                                                               6.3    Cash flows                                        67
2   Strategic imperatives                                             32       6.4    Post-employment benefit plans                     69
    2.1    Build the best networks                                    32       6.5    Financial risk management                         70
    2.2    Drive growth with innovative services                      33       6.6    Credit ratings                                    73
    2.3    Deliver the most compelling content                        34       6.7    Liquidity                                         74
    2.4    Champion customer experience                               35       6.8    Litigation                                        76
    2.5    Operate with agility and cost efficiency                   35   7   Selected annual and quarterly information                77
    2.6    Engage and invest in our people and create                          7.1    Annual financial information                      77
           a sustainable future                                       36
                                                                               7.2    Quarterly financial information                   79
3   Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks               37
                                                                           8   Regulatory environment                                   82
    3.1    BCE 2024 performance                                       37
                                                                               8.1    Introduction                                      82
    3.2    Business outlook and assumptions                           38
                                                                               8.2    Telecommunications Act                            82
    3.3    Principal business risks                                   39
                                                                               8.3    Broadcasting Act                                  86
4   Consolidated financial analysis                                   43       8.4    Radiocommunication Act                            87
    4.1    Introduction                                               43       8.5    Bell Canada Act                                   87
    4.2    Customer connections                                       44       8.6    Other                                             87
    4.3    Operating revenues                                         45
                                                                           9   Business risks                                           88
    4.4    Operating costs                                            46
    4.5    Net earnings                                               46   10 Accounting policies                                      100
    4.6    Adjusted EBITDA                                            47   11 Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial
    4.7    Severance, acquisition and other costs                     47      measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)           104
    4.8    Depreciation and amortization                              48
                                                                               11.1   Non-GAAP financial measures                      104
    4.9    Finance costs                                              48
                                                                               11.2   Non-GAAP ratios                                  106
    4.10   Impairment of assets                                       49
    4.11   Other expense                                              49       11.3   Total of segments measures                       107
    4.12   Income taxes                                               50       11.4   Capital management measures                      108
    4.13   Net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS   50
                                                                               11.5   Supplementary financial measures                 108
    4.14   Capital expenditures                                       51
                                                                               11.6   KPIs                                             108
    4.15   Cash flows                                                 51
                                                                           12 Effectiveness of internal controls                       109


                                                                                                                                          7
MD&A

In this management’s discussion and analysis (MD&A), we, us, our, BCE and the           In preparing this MD&A, we have taken into account information available to us up to
company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively,             March 6, 2025, the date of this MD&A, unless otherwise stated.
BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates. Bell
means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada or, collectively, Bell            You will find additional information relating to BCE, including BCE’s audited
Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.                            consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, BCE’s
                                                                                        annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2024, dated
All amounts in this MD&A are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted.       March 6, 2025 (BCE 2024 AIF) and recent financial reports, on BCE’s website at
Please refer to section 11, Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial                BCE.ca, on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at sec.gov.
measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) for a list of defined non-GAAP
financial measures, other financial measures and KPIs.                                  Documents and other information contained in BCE’s website or in any other site
                                                                                        referred to in BCE’s website or in this MD&A are not part of this MD&A and are not
Please refer to BCE’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended      incorporated by reference herein.
December 31, 2024 when reading this MD&A.
                                                                                        This MD&A comments on our business operations, performance, financial position
                                                                                        and other matters for the two years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.


Caution regarding forward-looking statements
This MD&A and, in particular, but without limitation, section 1.3, Key corporate        such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbour provisions
developments, section 1.4, Capital allocation strategy, section 1.6, Capitals and       of applicable Canadian securities laws and of the United States (U.S.) Private
our corporate responsibility, section 2, Strategic imperatives, section 3.2, Business   Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
outlook and assumptions, section 5, Business segment analysis and section 6.7,
Liquidity, contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements         Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in this MD&A describe
include, without limitation, statements relating to the proposed acquisition by Bell    our expectations as at March 6, 2025 and, accordingly, are subject to change after
Canada of Northwest Fiber Holdco, LLC (doing business as Ziply Fiber (Ziply             that date. Except as may be required by applicable securities laws, we do not
Fiber)), the expected timing and completion thereof, the sources of liquidity we        undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
expect to use to fund the proposed acquisition, certain potential benefits expected     whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
to result from the proposed acquisition including the combined Bell Canada and          Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks and
Ziply Fiber target number of fibre locations to be reached by the end of 2028, Bell     uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and specific,
Canada’s growth prospects and strategic positioning, the proposed disposition of        which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could differ materially
BCE’s ownership stake in Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE), the           from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, such forward-looking statements
expected timing and completion thereof, the intended use by BCE of the net              and that our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities may not be
proceeds from the proposed disposition and the planned access by Bell Media to          achieved. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events,
content rights for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors for the next             and we caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements.
20 years, the proposed disposition of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel), the expected      Forward-looking statements are presented in this MD&A for the purpose of assisting
timing and completion thereof, the intended use by Bell Canada of the proceeds          investors and others in understanding our objectives, strategic priorities and
from the proposed disposition and the planned continuation of a Bell Canada             business outlook as well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are
partnership with Northwestel beyond transaction close, BCE’s common share               cautioned, however, that such information may not be appropriate for other
dividend, expected dividend payout ratio level in 2025 and dividend payout policy       purposes.
target, BCE’s net debt leverage policy target and the projected decrease starting in
2025 of BCE’s leverage level, BCE’s anticipated reductions in capital expenditures,     We have made certain economic, market, operational and other assumptions in
BCE’s network deployment plans, the status of BCE’s Shareholder Dividend                preparing the forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A, and, in particular,
Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) and the time period during which             but without limitation, the forward-looking statements contained in the previously
the discount thereunder will be maintained by BCE, our objective to maintain            mentioned sections of this MD&A. These assumptions include, without limitation, the
investment-grade credit ratings for Bell Canada’s senior debt, our goal to drive        assumptions described in the various sub-sections of this MD&A entitled
long-term value creation for BCE’s shareholders, the intended use of the net            Assumptions, which sub-sections are incorporated by reference in this cautionary
proceeds of Bell Canada’s February 18, 2025 offering of junior subordinated debt        statement. Subject to various factors, we believe that our assumptions were
securities, BCE’s expected post-employment benefit plans funding and the sources        reasonable as at March 6, 2025. If our assumptions turn out to be inaccurate, actual
of liquidity we expect to use to meet our 2025 cash requirements, our                   results or events could be materially different from what we expect.
environmental, social and governance (ESG) objectives, which include, without
limitation, our objectives concerning inclusion and belonging, our targeted             Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially
reductions in the level of our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions including, without        from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously-mentioned forward-looking
limitation, our carbon neutrality (scope 1 and 2 only) target, our science-based        statements and other forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A, include,
targets, our objectives concerning reductions in waste to landfill, community           but are not limited to: the negative effect of adverse economic conditions, including
investment, privacy and information security, corporate governance and ethical          trade wars resulting from the imposition of U.S. tariffs on imports from Canada and
business conduct, our transformation initiatives, BCE’s business outlook,               retaliatory tariffs by the Canadian government on goods coming from the U.S.,
objectives, plans and strategic priorities, and other statements that do not refer to   recessions, reductions in immigration levels, high housing support costs relative to
historical facts. A statement we make is forward-looking when it uses what we           income, and financial and capital market volatility, and the resulting negative impact
know and expect today to make a statement about the future. Forward-looking             on customer spending and the demand for our products and services; the negative
statements are typically identified by the words assumption, goal, guidance,            effect of adverse conditions associated with geopolitical events; the intensity of
objective, outlook, project, strategy, target, commitment and other similar             competitive activity and the failure to effectively respond to evolving competitive
expressions or future or conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate, believe, could,     dynamics; the level of technological substitution and the presence of alternative
expect, intend, may, plan, seek, should, strive and will. All                           service providers contributing to disruptions and


8      BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
MD&A


disintermediation in each of our business segments; changing customer behaviour           Toronto Raptors for the next 20 years through a long-term agreement with Rogers
and the expansion of cloud-based, over-the-top (OTT) and other alternative                Communications Inc. (Rogers) are subject to closing conditions, termination rights
solutions; advertising market pressures from economic conditions, fragmentation           and other risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, relevant sports league
and non-traditional/global digital services; rising content costs and challenges in       and other customary approvals, which may affect its completion, terms or timing, and
our ability to acquire or develop key content; high Canadian Internet and                 the intended use of proceeds by BCE from the proposed disposition may vary based
smartphone penetration; regulatory initiatives, proceedings and decisions,                on timing of closing of the disposition and other factors and, as such, there can be
government consultations and government positions that negatively affect us and           no assurance that the proposed disposition, the anticipated use of proceeds and the
influence our business including, without limitation, concerning mandatory access         potential benefits expected to result from the proposed disposition will occur or be
to networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of               realized, or that they will occur or be realized on the terms and conditions, or at the
conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign              time, currently contemplated; the expected timing and completion of the proposed
ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity obligations and control of              acquisition of Ziply Fiber are subject to customary closing conditions, termination
copyright piracy; the inability to implement enhanced compliance frameworks and           rights and other risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, relevant
to comply with legal and regulatory obligations; unfavourable resolution of legal         regulatory approvals, such as approval by the Federal Communications Commission
proceedings; the failure to evolve and transform our networks, systems and                and approvals by state Public Utilities Commissions, which may affect its completion,
operations using next-generation technologies while lowering our cost structure,          terms or timing and, as such, there can be no assurance that the proposed
including the failure to meet customer expectations of product and service                acquisition will occur, or that it will occur on the terms and conditions, or at the time,
experience; the inability to drive a positive customer experience; the inability to       currently contemplated, or that the potential benefits expected to result from the
protect our physical and non-physical assets from events such as information              proposed acquisition will be realized; reputational risks and the inability to
security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire and natural disasters; the failure   meaningfully integrate ESG considerations into our business strategy, operations
to implement an effective security and data governance framework; the risk that we        and governance; the adverse impact of various internal and external factors on our
may need to incur significant capital expenditures to provide additional capacity         ability to achieve our ESG targets including, without limitation, those related to GHG
and reduce network congestion; service interruptions or outages due to network            reduction and supplier engagement; the failure to take appropriate actions to adapt
failures or slowdowns; events affecting the functionality of, and our ability to          to current and emerging environmental impacts, including climate change; the failure
protect, test, maintain, replace and upgrade, our networks, information technology        to develop and implement sufficient corporate governance practices; the inability to
(IT) systems, equipment and other facilities; the failure by other                        adequately manage social issues; health risks, including pandemics, epidemics and
telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services to complete              other health concerns, such as radio frequency emissions from wireless
planned and sufficient testing, maintenance, replacement or upgrade of their              communications devices and equipment; our dependence on third-party suppliers,
networks, equipment and other facilities, which could disrupt our operations              outsourcers and consultants to provide an uninterrupted supply of the products and
including through network or other infrastructure failures; the complexity of our         services we need; the failure of our vendor selection, governance and oversight
operations and IT systems and the failure to implement, maintain or manage highly         processes, including our management of supplier risk in the areas of security, data
effective processes and IT systems; in-orbit and other operational risks to which         governance and responsible procurement; the quality of our products and services
the satellites used to provide our satellite television (TV) services are subject; the    and the extent to which they may be subject to defects or fail to comply with
failure to attract, develop and retain a talented team capable of furthering our          applicable government regulations and standards.
strategic imperatives and operational transformation; the potential deterioration in
employee morale and engagement resulting from staff reductions, cost reductions           These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
or reorganizations and the de-prioritization of transformation initiatives due to staff   materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking
reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations; the failure to adequately manage          statements are discussed in this MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business
health and safety concerns; labour disruptions and shortages; the inability to            risks of this MD&A.
access adequate sources of capital and generate sufficient cash flows from                Forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A for periods beyond 2025 involve
operating activities to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and         longer-term assumptions and estimates than forward-looking statements for 2025
provide for planned growth; uncertainty as to whether our dividend payout policy          and are consequently subject to greater uncertainty. Forward-looking statements for
will be maintained or achieved, or that the dividend on common shares will be             periods beyond 2025 further assume, unless otherwise indicated, that the risks
maintained or dividends on any of BCE’s outstanding shares will be declared by            described above and in section 9, Business risks of this MD&A will remain
BCE’s board of directors (BCE Board); the failure to reduce costs and adequately          substantially unchanged during such periods.
assess investment priorities, as well as unexpected increases in costs; the inability
to manage various credit, liquidity and market risks; the failure to evolve practices     We caution readers that the risk factors described above and in the previously-
to effectively monitor and control fraudulent activities; new or higher taxes due to      mentioned section and in other sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that
new tax laws or changes thereto or in the interpretation thereof, and the inability to    could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
predict the outcome of government audits; the impact on our financial statements          we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our
and estimates from a number of factors; pension obligation volatility and increased       business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. We regularly
contributions to post-employment benefit plans; the expected timing and                   consider potential acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, business combinations,
completion of the proposed disposition of Northwestel are subject to closing              investments, monetizations, joint ventures and other transactions, some of which
conditions, termination rights and other risks and uncertainties, including, without      may be significant. Except as otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements
limitation, the purchaser securing financing and the completion of confirmatory due       do not reflect the potential impact of any such transactions or of special items that
diligence, which may affect its completion, terms or timing and, as such, there can       may be announced or that may occur after March 6, 2025. The financial impact of
be no assurance that the proposed disposition will occur, or that it will occur on the    these transactions and special items can be complex and depends on facts
terms and conditions, or at the time, currently contemplated, or that the potential       particular to each of them. We therefore cannot describe the expected impact in a
benefits expected to result from the proposed disposition will be realized; the           meaningful way, or in the same way we present known risks affecting our business.
expected timing and completion of the proposed disposition of BCE’s ownership
stake in MLSE and the planned access by Bell Media to content rights for the
Toronto Maple Leafs and

                                                                                                                                                                                  9
1 MD&A Overview




1               Overview
1.1          Introduction
At a glance
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company, (1) providing residential,                                      Bell Media provides a portfolio of assets in premium video, audio, OOH advertising,
business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their                                   and digital media to customers nationally across Canada. Revenues are derived
communications needs. BCE’s shares are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock                                     primarily from advertising and subscriber fees.
Exchange and on the New York Stock Exchange (TSX, NYSE: BCE).
                                                                                                                We also hold investments in a number of other assets, including:
Our results are reported in two segments: Bell Communication and Technology                                     • a 37.5% indirect equity interest in MLSE (2)
Services (Bell CTS) and Bell Media.
                                                                                                                • a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel)
Bell CTS provides a wide range of communication products and services to
consumer, business and government customers across Canada. Wireless products                                    • a 20.2% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens
and services include mobile data and voice plans, streaming services, and devices                                 Hockey Club, evenko and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place
and are available nationally. Wireline products and services comprise data                                        Bell in Laval, Québec
(including Internet access, Internet protocol television (IPTV), cloud-based services
and business solutions), voice, and other communication services and products,
which are available to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large
enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and                                   BCE is Canada’s largest
Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are
available nationally across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our                                      communications company
wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and
other services from or to resellers and other carriers as well as the results of
operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source (Bell)                                     BCE’s business segments
Electronics Inc. (The Source). In 2024, Bell Canada announced a strategic                                       At December 31, 2024
partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 167 The Source consumer
electronics retail stores in Canada, which have been rebranded as Best Buy
Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy along with
exclusive telecommunications services from Bell.




(1) Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.
(2) On September 18, 2024, BCE announced that it has reached an agreement to sell its ownership stake in MLSE for $4.7 billion to Rogers, subject to relevant sports league and other customary approvals. The transaction is
    expected to close in mid-2025.

10       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Our purpose
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service innovation and
content creation, and positions the company for continued growth and innovation leadership. Our primary business objectives are to grow our subscriber base profitably and
to maximize revenues, operating profit, free cash flow and return on invested capital by further enhancing our position as the foremost provider in Canada of comprehensive
communications services to residential, business and wholesale customers, and as Canada’s leading media and entertainment company. We seek to take advantage of
opportunities to leverage our networks, infrastructure, sales channels, and brand and marketing resources across our various lines of business to create value for our
customers and other stakeholders.
Our strategy is centred on our disciplined focus and execution of six strategic imperatives that position us to deliver continued success in a fast-changing communications
marketplace. The six strategic imperatives that underlie BCE’s business plan are:




                                                                       (1)
Our operational transformation
We are continuing our journey to modernize our operations, increase productivity,                                  Our transformation reinforces a customer-first approach and specifically sets out to
build tech talent and materially right-size our cost base.                                                         deliver incremental value to our customers as indicated in the following examples:
Innovation is driving customer expectations for enhanced user experiences,                                         • Ability for customers to enjoy our products, services, and content on any device in
improved customer service, and faster market responses, all of which are                                             any location
improved by our operational transformation.
                                                                                                                   • Enable customers to be served on their timeline through simple sales and support
                                                                                                                     interactions across the channel of their choosing (e.g., online, call centre, store)
                                                                                                                   • Access to new and better products, services and solutions on an accelerated basis
                                                                                                                     tailored to meet customers’ evolving needs and expectations



Our alignment to the International Integrated Reporting Framework
Following the principles of the International Integrated Reporting Framework (<IR> Framework), now part of the IFRS® Foundation, Bell released, concurrently with this
MD&A, an Integrated Annual Report which contains a strategic overview outlining our sustainable value creation process. This strategic overview discloses how we seek to
generate sustainable value for our stakeholders as the result of our business operations, guided by our strategic imperatives and use of capitals. Our capitals are outlined
below and serve as inputs that are transformed through our business strategy and strategic imperatives resulting in outcomes that seek to create value for our stakeholders
over time.




Our                                   Our customers                            Our products                          Our                          Our                           Our financial
networks                              and relationships                        and services                          environment                  people                        resources
Reliable, accessible and              Strong relationships with                Innovative and compelling             Responsible environmental    Skilled and engaged team      Capital from our investors,
affordable world-class                customers, communities and               products, services and                management throughout        members.                      returns on our investments
broadband fibre and                   suppliers.                               media content addressing              our operations.                                            and free cash flow
wireless networks.                                                             societal demands.                                                                                generated from our
                                                                                                                                                                                operations.

To increase the connectivity of information, we have incorporated the icons representing our six capitals described above throughout this MD&A to highlight the respective
linkage between our capitals and the topics discussed.




(1) Also referred to as our transformation from a traditional telecommunications company to a technology services and digital media company.

                                                                                                                                                                                                         11
1 MD&A Overview


BCE 2024 consolidated results
Operating revenues                                                             Net earnings                                                                  Adjusted EBITDA (1)


$24,409
million
                                                                               $375
                                                                               million
                                                                                                                                                             $10,589
                                                                                                                                                             million
(1.1%) vs. 2023                                                                (83.9%) vs. 2023                                                              1.7% vs. 2023




Net earnings attributable                              Adjusted net earnings (1)                                   Cash flows from                                              Free cash flow (1)
to common shareholders                                                                                             operating activities


$163
million
                                                       $2,773
                                                       million
                                                                                                                   $6,988
                                                                                                                   million
                                                                                                                                                                                $2,888
                                                                                                                                                                                million
(92.1%) vs. 2023                                       (5.2%) vs. 2023                                             (12.1%) vs. 2023                                             (8.1%) vs. 2023



                                                                 (5)
BCE customer connections
Total mobile phones (2) (3) (5)                         Retail high-speed                                           Retail IPTV (4)                                             Retail residential network
                                                        Internet (3) (4) (5)                                                                                                    access services (NAS) lines (4)


10.3 million +0.4%
subscribers at the end of 2024                          4.5 million subscribers
                                                                                                                    +3.0%
                                                                                                                    2.1 million subscribers
                                                                                                                                                                                (9.3%)
                                                                                                                                                                                1.8 million subscribers
Flat vs. 2023                                           at the end of 2024                                          at the end of 2024                                          at the end of 2024




(1) Adjusted EBITDA is a total of segments measure, and adjusted net earnings and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. See section 11.3, Total of segments measures and section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
    measures in this MD&A for more information on these measures.
(2) In Q4 2024, we removed 124,216 Bell prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base as at December 31, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as of that date.
(3) In Q3 2024, we removed 77,971 Virgin Plus prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base as at September 30, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as of that date.
    Additionally, as a result of a recent Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services, we are no longer able to resell cable Internet services to
    new customers in our wireline footprint as of September 12, 2024, and consequently we removed all of the existing 106,259 cable subscribers in our wireline footprint from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as of
    that date.
(4) In Q2 2024, we increased our retail IPTV subscriber base by 40,997 to align the deactivation policy for our Fibe TV streaming services to our traditional Fibe TV service. While in Q2 2023, our retail high-speed Internet, retail
    IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 35,080, 243 and 7,458 subscribers, respectively, as a result of small acquisitions.
(5) In Q1 2024, we adjusted our mobile phone postpaid subscriber base to remove very low to non-revenue generating business market subscribers of 105,802. Additionally, in Q1 2024 our retail high-speed Internet subscriber
    base increased by 3,850 business subscribers as a result of a small acquisition. We also removed 11,645 turbo hubs subscribers from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base in Q1 2024, as we are no longer actively
    marketing this product in our wireless-to-the-home footprint. Lastly, as of Q1 2024, we are no longer reporting retail satellite TV subscribers as this no longer represents a significant proportion of our revenues. As a result,
    satellite TV subscribers have been removed from our retail TV subscriber base, and we now report exclusively retail IPTV subscribers.

12       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview



1.2           About BCE
Our 2024 results are reported in two segments: Bell CTS and Bell Media. We describe our products and services by segment in this section, to provide further insight into our
operations.


Our products and services


Bell CTS
Segment description                                                                                                                                                       Our brands include
• Provides a wide range of communication products and services to consumer, business and government customers
  across Canada
• Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans, streaming services, and devices and are available
  nationally
• Wireline products and services comprise data (including Internet access, IPTV, cloud-based services and business
  solutions), voice, and other communication services and products, which are available to our residential, small and
  medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
  Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally across Canada
• Includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or
  to resellers and other carriers, and the wireline operations of Northwestel, which provides telecommunications services
  in Canada’s Northern Territories (1)



Our networks and reach                                                                                                • Reverts to LTE/LTE-A technology and speeds when customers are outside 5G and
                                                                                                                        5G+ coverage areas
We hold wireless spectrum licences, with holdings across various spectrum bands
and regions across Canada, totalling more than 8.6 billion megahertz per                                              • Bell also operates a LTE-category M1 (LTE-M) network, which is a subset of our
population (MHz-Pop), corresponding to an average of approximately                                                      LTE network, supporting low-power Internet of Things (IoT) applications with
233 megahertz (MHz) of spectrum per Canadian.                                                                           enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and enabling lower costs for IoT
                                                                                                                        devices connecting to Bell’s national network. Our LTE-M network is available in
The vast majority of our cell towers are connected with fibre, the latest network                                       most Canadian provinces.
infrastructure technology, for a faster and more reliable connection.
                                                                                                                      • Extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
Our Fourth Generation (4G) Long-term Evolution (LTE) nationwide wireless                                                Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories (1)
broadband network is compatible with global standards and delivers high-quality                                       • Fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) footprint covering approximately 7.8 million homes
and reliable voice and high-speed data services coast to coast to virtually all of the                                  and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba
Canadian population. Fifth Generation (5G) and 5G+ are the next generation of
wireless technology, offering faster speeds and lower latency. Our LTE network will                                   • Wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) footprint covering approximately 1 million
be the backbone for our 5G network as it expands across Canada.                                                         locations primarily in rural areas. WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless technology
                                                                                                                        delivered over Bell’s LTE wireless network that provides broadband residential
• LTE coverage of over 99% of Canada’s population, with LTE-A covering 96% of                                           Internet access to smaller and underserved communities.
  Canada’s population, and 5G coverage of 87% of Canada’s population, with 5G+
  covering 60% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2024                                                            • Largest Internet protocol (IP) multi-protocol label switching footprint of any
                                                                                                                        Canadian provider, enabling us to offer business customers a virtual private
• Peak theoretical mobile data access download speeds: 5G+, up to 3 gigabit(s)                                          network (VPN) service for IP traffic and to optimize bandwidth for real-time voice
  per second (Gbps) in select markets; 5G, up to 1.7 Gbps (average expected                                             and TV
  speeds of 89 to 705 megabits per second (Mbps) in markets across Canada);
  LTE-A, up to 1.5 Gbps (average expected speeds of 25 to 325 Mbps) in markets                                        We have approximately 8,000 retail points of distribution across Canada, including
  across Canada; LTE, up to 150 Mbps (expected average speeds of 18 to                                                approximately 1,000 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile, Staples and Best Buy Express
  40 Mbps); high-speed packet access plus (HSPA+), up to 42 Mbps (expected                                            locations, as well as Glentel-operated locations (WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth wireless
  average speeds of 7 to 14 Mbps) (2)                                                                                 and WIRELESS etc.) and other third-party dealer and retail locations.




(1) In June 2024, Bell Canada entered into an agreement for the sale of Northwestel to Sixty North Unity, a consortium of Indigenous communities from the Yukon, the Northwest Territories and Nunavut. The transaction is
    expected to close in 2025 subject to certain closing conditions, including securing financing by Sixty North Unity and the completion of confirmatory due diligence and, as such, there can be no assurance that the transaction will
    ultimately be consummated. The Competition Bureau’s approval was received in the fourth quarter of 2024.
(2) Network speeds vary with location, signal and customer device. Compatible device required.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      13
1 MD&A Overview


Our wireless products and services                                                      • TV: IPTV services (Fibe TV, Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV) and satellite TV
                                                                                          service. Bell’s Fibe TV service powered by Google Android TV technology provides
• Data and voice plans: From plans focused on affordability to premium services,          extensive live and on-demand content options with 4K resolution (4K) picture
  we have plans that cater to all customer segments, available on either postpaid         quality and capabilities and features including access to thousands of apps, voice
  or prepaid options, including unlimited data, shareable, device financing plans         remote powered by Google Assistant, universal search, cloud personal video
  and Connect Everything plans. Our services provide fast Internet access for             recorder (PVR), compact 4K high dynamic range (HDR) receiver and access to the
  video, social networking, messaging and mobile applications, as well as a host of       Fibe TV app. The Fibe TV app live TV streaming service offers live and on-demand
  call features.                                                                          programming on Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Airplay, Amazon Fire TV, Google
• Specialized plans: for tablets, smartwatches, Connected Car, mobile Internet,           Chromecast, Android TV devices, smartphones, tablets and computers. Bell
  trackers, laptops and security cameras                                                  Streamer is a 4K HDR streaming device powered by Android TV offering all-in-one
                                                                                          access to the Fibe TV app, support for all major streaming services and access to
• Extensive selection of devices: the latest 5G and 5G+ smartphones, tablets,             over 10,000 apps from Google Play. We also offer an app-based live TV streaming
  smartwatches, mobile Internet devices and connected things (Bell Connected              service branded as Virgin Plus TV.
  Car, trackers, connected home, lifestyle and virtual reality)
                                                                                        • Home Phone: local telephone service, long distance and advanced calling
• Travel: international roaming in over 230 destinations, with LTE roaming in             features
  213 destinations and 5G roaming in 106 destinations
• Mobile business solutions: push-to-talk, field service management, worker
  safety and mobility management
                                                                                        Business
• IoT solutions: fleet management, asset management, smart supply chain,                • Internet and network solutions: through our advanced technologies and
  building and site management, municipal operations, integrated smart city               end-to-end network, cloud and security expertise, Bell is a network transformation
  ecosystem with Esri                                                                     partner of choice for Canadian businesses. Our solutions include business Internet,
                                                                                          software-defined solutions, private networks, global networks, managed and
• Smart Home: home security, monitoring and automation services from Bell                 professional services.
  Smart Home
                                                                                        • Voice and Collaboration: we offer a variety of voice and collaboration solutions,
• Bundles: multi-product bundles of Internet, TV, home phone, mobility and smart          including unified communications as a service (UCaaS), traditional local and long
  home services with monthly discounts                                                    distance phone services, cloud-based voice over IP (VoIP) services and advanced
                                                                                          solutions with custom calling features
Our wireline products and services                                                      • Cloud: Bell supports every stage of businesses’ cloud journey with cloud, network
Residential                                                                               and security expertise, an advanced partner ecosystem and advanced hybrid multi-
                                                                                          cloud solutions. Our cloud solutions include professional and managed services,
• Internet: high-speed Internet access through fibre-optic broadband technology,          public multi-access edge computing (MEC) with Amazon Web Services
  5G-capable WTTP technology or digital subscriber line (DSL) with a wide range           Wavelength, cloud connect, and backup and disaster recovery.
  of options, including reliable Wi-Fi, unlimited usage, security services and mobile
  Internet. Our Internet service, marketed as Fibe Internet, offers symmetrical         • Security: we offer a full suite of solutions to address businesses’ security
  download and upload speeds of up to 3 Gbps with FTTP, or download speeds of             concerns, including network security, cloud security and managed and professional
  up to 100 Mbps with Fibre-to-the-node (FTTN), while our Wireless Home Internet          services
  (WHI) fixed wireless service delivers broadband download speeds of up to              • Contact centre: we offer scalable, cloud-based contact centre solutions that
  50 Mbps. We also offer Internet service under the Virgin Plus brand offering            include artificial intelligence (AI)-enhanced features, enabling omnichannel
  download speeds of up to 1 Gbps.                                                        experiences and flexible, hybrid work styles

14     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview

Bell Media
Segment description                                                            Our brands include
• Canada’s leading media and entertainment company with a portfolio of
  assets in premium video, audio and OOH advertising, and digital media,
  monetized through traditional and digital platforms
• Revenues are derived primarily from advertising and subscriber fees
 • Conventional TV, radio, and OOH revenues are derived from
   advertising
 • Distribution of our TV and video products through partners result in
   revenue derived from subscription fees and advertising
 • Direct-to-consumer (DTC) streaming services revenue is derived from
   subscription fees and advertising


Our assets and reach                                                                  Broadcast rights
Video                                                                                 • Sports: long-term media rights to key sports properties and official Canadian
                                                                                        broadcaster of the Super Bowl, Grey Cup and International Ice Hockey Federation
• 35 conventional TV stations including CTV, Canada’s #1 conventional network for       (IIHF) World Junior Championship. Live sports coverage includes the Toronto
  23 consecutive years, #1 Canadian advertising-based video on demand (AVOD)            Maple Leafs, Montréal Canadiens, Winnipeg Jets and Ottawa Senators, Canadian
  platform CTV.ca and leading digital news destination CTVNews.ca, and the              Football League (CFL), National Football League (NFL), National Basketball
  French-language Noovo network in Québec, including its popular AVOD platform          Association (NBA), Professional Women’s Hockey League (PWHL), Major League
  and digital news destination Noovo.info                                               Soccer (MLS), Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup
• 24 specialty TV channels, including TSN, Canada’s sports leader and RDS, the          events, Curling’s Season of Champions, Major League Baseball (MLB), Golf’s
  top French-language sports network                                                    Majors, NASCAR, Formula 1 (F1), Grand Slam Tennis, National Collegiate Athletic
                                                                                        Association (NCAA) March Madness, and more.
• 5 DTC streaming services, including Crave, the exclusive home of HBO and Max
  Originals in Canada, STARZ, TSN, TSN+, and RDS                                      • Warner Bros. Discovery: Crave extended a long-term licensing agreement with
                                                                                        Warner Bros. Discovery that sees Crave continuing to be the home of HBO and
• 11 English and French-language free, ad-supported streaming television (FAST)
                                                                                        Max Originals, as well as new cable series, library TV series, and pay and post-pay
  channels, featuring a selection of acclaimed and fan-favourite entertainment,
                                                                                        window rights for Warner Bros. films. The agreement also feeds CTV, CTV.ca, the
  factual, news, and sports programming. All 11 channels are available on LG
                                                                                        CTV app, and Bell Media’s suite of Specialty channels with Warner Bros.
  Channels, Samsung TV Plus, Plex, and The Roku Channel.
                                                                                        Discovery’s iconic content.

Audio                                                                                 • NBCUniversal Global TV Distribution: A new licensing agreement to rebrand
                                                                                        Discovery and Investigation Discovery into USA Network and Oxygen True Crime
• Bell Media owns the iHeartRadio Canada brand, encompassing audio content              in Canada. Bell Media’s specialty channels Animal Planet, Discovery Science, and
  featuring 212 music channels, 100 licensed radio stations, hundreds of                Discovery Velocity have also rebranded as CTV Wild, CTV Nature, and CTV
  thousands of podcasts, playlists, and on-demand content. In February 2024, we         Speed, respectively.
  announced our intent to divest 45 radio stations, all subject to CRTC review and
                                                                                      • STARZ: long-term agreement with Lionsgate for premium STARZ programming in
  other closing conditions. The CRTC has currently approved the transfer of
                                                                                        Canada
  ownership and control of 13 of the 45 stations. In November 2024, iHeartRadio
  Canada announced the launch of its first artist-led streaming channel, Bryan        • iHeartRadio: exclusive partnership for digital and streaming music services in
  Adams Radio.                                                                          Canada
• Bell Media also provides access to local radio programming and additional
  content live and on-demand via the iHeartRadio website and app. iHeartRadio         Other assets
  Canada is advancing the digital transformation of Bell Media’s local radio          • Equity interest in Dome Productions Partnership, one of North America’s leading
  stations, offering Canadian and international programming, curated playlists, and     providers of sports and other event production and broadcast facilities
  exclusive digital streaming channels. The iHeartRadio Canada app includes
  features like custom push notifications, in-app messaging, and real-time listener   • Montréal’s Octane Racing Group Inc., promoter of the F1 Canadian Grand Prix, the
  interaction through its ‘talkback’ service.                                           largest annual sports and tourism event in the country
                                                                                      • Minority interest in Montréal’s Grandé Studios, a Montréal-based multipurpose TV,
OOH advertising                                                                         film and equipment company which provides production facilities, equipment
                                                                                        rentals, and technical services
• Network of strategically located advertising faces spanning across the country in
  50 markets. In 2024, Bell Media completed its acquisition of OUTFRONT
  Media Inc.’s Canadian OOH media business, OUTEDGE Media Canada
  (OUTEDGE).


                                                                                                                                                                        15
1 MD&A Overview


Our products and services                                                                   • Crave bilingual subscription-based on-demand premium video streaming service
                                                                                              offering a large collection of premium content in one place, including HBO, Max,
• Varied and extensive array of video content to broadcast distributors across                STARZ and original French-language programming, on set-top boxes (STBs),
  Canada                                                                                      mobile devices, streaming devices and online. Crave is offered through a number
• Advertising on our video, audio, digital and OOH properties to both local and               of Canadian TV providers and is available directly to all Canadian Internet
  national advertisers across a wide range of industry sectors                                subscribers as an OTT service.
• Strategic partnerships to advance advertising opportunities for clients, such as          • TSN, TSN+, and RDS streaming services offering live and on-demand TSN and
  becoming the exclusive Canadian sales partner for Dotdash Meredith, America’s               RDS content directly to consumers through an annual or monthly subscription on
  largest digital publisher; accelerating Canadian programmatic growth with                   computers, tablets, mobile devices, Apple TV and other streaming devices
  StackAdapt; and expanding reach with TikTok’s Pulse Premiere
• Bell Ads for Business, an advertising platform that allows local businesses
  across Canada to utilize Bell’s premium Canadian data and target intended
  audiences


Other BCE investments
BCE also holds investments in a number of other assets, including:
• a 37.5% indirect equity interest in MLSE, a sports and entertainment company that owns several sports teams, including the Toronto
  Maple Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC and the Toronto Argonauts, as well as real estate and entertainment assets in Toronto.
  In September 2024, BCE announced the sale of its ownership stake in MLSE to Rogers, subject to certain closing conditions,
  including relevant sports league and other customary approvals. The Competition Bureau’s approval was received in
  December 2024. The transaction is expected to close in mid-2025.
• a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel, a Canadian-based connected services retailer
• a 20.2% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens Hockey Club, evenko (a promoter and producer of
  cultural and sports events) and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place Bell in Laval, Québec


Our people


Employees                                                BCE
At the end of 2024, our team consisted of                Employees
40,390 employees, a decrease of 4,742 employees,         ● Bell CTS   ● Bell Media
compared to 45,132 employees at the end of 2023,
driven by workforce reductions, natural attrition and
retirements, along with the impact of permanent store
closures of The Source as part of our distribution
partnership with Best Buy Canada, partly offset by
acquisitions made over the past year.
Approximately 43% of total BCE employees were
represented by labour unions at December 31, 2024.




Bell code of business conduct
The ethical business conduct of our people is core to the integrity with which we operate our business. The Bell Code of Business Conduct sets out specific expectations and
accountabilities, providing employees with practical guidelines to conduct business in an ethical manner. Our commitment to the Code of Business Conduct is renewed by
employees each year in an ongoing effort to ensure that all employees are aware of, and adhere to, Bell’s standards of conduct.
16     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview



1.3        Key corporate developments

This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to the proposed acquisition by Bell Canada of Ziply Fiber, the expected timing and completion thereof,
the sources of liquidity we expect to use to fund the proposed acquisition, certain potential benefits expected to result from the proposed acquisition including the combined
Bell Canada and Ziply Fiber target number of fibre locations to be reached by the end of 2028, Bell Canada’s growth prospects and strategic positioning, the proposed
disposition of BCE’s ownership stake in MLSE, the expected timing and completion thereof, the intended use by BCE of the net proceeds from the proposed disposition and
the planned access by Bell Media to content rights for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors for the next 20 years, the proposed disposition of Northwestel, the
expected timing and completion thereof, the intended use by Bell Canada of the proceeds from the proposed disposition and the planned continuation of a Bell Canada
partnership with Northwestel beyond transaction close. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.


Proposed acquisition of Ziply Fiber
On November 4, 2024, BCE announced that Bell Canada had entered into an                 America’s third largest fibre internet provider. Together, Bell Canada and Ziply Fiber
agreement to acquire Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific    have a goal to reach approximately 12 million fiber locations in North America by the
Northwest of the U.S., for approximately $3.65 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately   end of 2028. This is expected to accelerate subscriber, revenue and EBITDA growth
$5 billion in Canadian dollars) in cash and the assumption of outstanding net debt      for Bell. The transaction is subject to certain customary closing conditions and the
of approximately $1.45 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $2 billion in Canadian    receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including the Federal Communications
dollars) to be rolled over at transaction close, representing a transaction value of    Commission, and approvals by state Public Utilities Commissions. The proposed
approximately $5.1 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $7 billion in Canadian        acquisition is expected to close in the second half of 2025.
dollars). This strategic acquisition is expected to grow Bell’s position as North


Disposition of minority stake in MLSE
On September 18, 2024, BCE announced the sale of its 37.5% ownership stake in           in mid-2025. BCE intends to direct the $4.2 billion net proceeds of this disposition
MLSE to Rogers for gross proceeds of $4.7 billion. The transaction is subject to        towards the proposed acquisition of Ziply Fiber. In addition, Bell Media has secured
certain closing conditions, including relevant sports league and other customary        access to content rights for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors on TSN for
approvals. The Competition Bureau’s approval was received in December 2024.             the next 20 years through a long-term agreement with Rogers, also subject to
This transaction is expected to close                                                   league approvals.


Disposition of Northwestel
On June 10, 2024, Bell Canada entered into an agreement with Sixty North Unity,         customer. The transaction is expected to close in 2025 subject to certain closing
a consortium of Indigenous communities from the Yukon, the Northwest Territories        conditions, including securing financing by Sixty North Unity and the completion of
and Nunavut, to dispose of Northwestel, the largest telecommunications service          confirmatory due diligence and, as such, there can be no assurance that the
provider in Canada’s North, for up to $1 billion, subject to adjustments. Bell          transaction will ultimately be consummated. The Competition Bureau’s approval was
Canada plans to maintain a strategic partnership with Northwestel beyond the            received in the fourth quarter of 2024. Bell Canada intends to use the proceeds from
transaction close through ongoing operational support, and as Northwestel’s             the transaction to pay down debt.
largest


Hadeer Hassaan appointed Bell’s first Chief Customer Experience Officer
In October 2024, Hadeer Hassaan was promoted to the new role of Executive Vice          user experience (UX) design, Hadeer has a strong background in creating customer-
President, Chief Customer Experience Officer. Hadeer leads Bell’s Customer              centric solutions, having led many of Bell’s recent digitization initiatives to deliver
Operations, Field Services, Digital, Channel Design and Delivery business units         meaningful, best-in-class experiences across all channels. Hadeer joined Bell
with a focus on Bell’s strategic imperative to champion customer experience. With       in 2013 and held a number of increasingly senior roles before becoming Senior Vice
nearly 25 years of telecommunications and tech experience, including                    President, Customer Operations in 2022.

                                                                                                                                                                            17
1 MD&A Overview



1.4           Capital allocation strategy

This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to BCE’s common share dividend, expected dividend payout ratio level in 2025 and dividend payout
policy target, BCE’s net debt leverage policy target and the projected decrease starting in 2025 of BCE’s leverage level, anticipated reductions in capital expenditures, the
status of the DRP and the time period during which the discount thereunder will be maintained by BCE, the sources of liquidity we expect to use to fund the proposed
acquisition of Ziply Fiber, our objective to maintain investment-grade credit ratings for Bell Canada’s senior debt, our goal to drive long-term value creation for BCE’s
shareholders, the intended use of the net proceeds of Bell Canada’s February 18, 2025 offering of junior subordinated debt securities, and our business outlook, objectives
and plans. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.
We aim to balance long-term investment to generate growth while strengthening the balance sheet and optimizing our cost of capital. We remain focused on maintaining
investment grade credit ratings for Bell’s senior debt and lowering our net debt leverage and dividend payout ratios towards our policy ranges. Our consistent and
responsible approach to capital allocation is focused on creating long-term value for shareholders.


Dividend and dividend payout policy
On February 6, 2025, BCE’s Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.9975 per                                      The $958 million decrease in cash flows from operating activities was due mainly to
common share, payable on April 15, 2025, to shareholders of record at the close of                                 a $377 million year-over-year decline in the net change in operating assets and
business on March 14, 2025. BCE’s common share dividend and common share                                           liabilities, $273 million higher interest paid due to higher average debt levels and
dividend payout policy will continue to be reviewed by the BCE Board. In its review,                               higher interest rates, $152 million higher severance and other costs paid and
the BCE Board will consider the competitive, macroeconomic and regulatory                                          $83 million higher income taxes paid, partly offset by a $172 million increase in
environments as well as progress being made on our strategic and operational                                       adjusted EBITDA.
roadmap.
                                                                                                                   Our dividend payout ratio for 2024 exceeded the high end of our policy range by
BCE’s stated common share dividend payout policy is to target a dividend payout                                    50%, or approximately $1.9 billion, due mainly to substantial capital expenditures as
range of 65% to 75% of free cash flow. Our policy is intended to be a framework                                    we continued to make generational investments in our networks to support the
conveying to market participants BCE’s long-term approach and philosophy to                                        buildout of our fibre, 5G and 5G+ network infrastructure, significant severance
allocating cash generated by the business and considers our strategic business                                     payments related to workforce restructuring initiatives and lower cash from operating
priorities, long-term growth opportunities and capital funding requirements. The                                   assets and liabilities.
policy is designed to remain consistent in the long term and does not vary to take
into account, and is not intended to be adjusted to reflect, our accelerated capital                               In Q4 2024, BCE’s DRP was amended to provide, at the BCE Board’s discretion, for
expenditures to advance our network investments in fibre, 5G and 5G+ network                                       the issuance of new common shares from treasury at a discount to the volume
infrastructure which occurred from 2021 to 2024, transitory events affecting the                                   weighted average trading price of the common shares for the five trading days
industry or regulatory environment in which we operate, strategic acquisitions, and                                immediately preceding the applicable dividend payment date (Average Market
other specific events occurring from time to time. The policy is not intended to                                   Price). Commencing with the dividend paid on January 15, 2025, and subsequently
restrict the BCE Board’s discretion in declaring dividends and does not bind BCE in                                until further notice, common shares distributed under the DRP are being issued from
declaring any set amount of dividend. As a result, dividends are not automatically                                 treasury at a discount of 2% to the Average Market Price.
reduced in a year when free cash flow is lower or increased in a year when free                                    Common shares delivered to participants under the DRP in reinvestment of cash
cash flow is higher.                                                                                               dividends were previously purchased on the secondary market with no discount. The
BCE’s dividend payout policy, setting the common share dividend rate and the                                       issuance of treasury shares under the discounted DRP enables BCE to retain cash
declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and,                                       that would otherwise have been paid as cash dividends. The shareholder enrollment
consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend payout policy will be                                  rate for the dividend payment made in January 2025 attained 34%, resulting in
maintained or achieved, that the dividend on common shares will be maintained or                                   $308 million of cash being retained and contributing to an expected reduction in the
that dividends will be declared. Dividend rates and the declaration of dividends by                                dividend payout ratio in 2025. The BCE Board will be evaluating the opportunity to
the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s operations and financial results,                                  terminate the discount under the DRP in 2025, taking into account several factors
which are in turn subject to various assumptions and risks, including those outlined                               including the price per share at which shares are being issued under the DRP and
in this MD&A.                                                                                                      BCE’s progress on initiatives towards reducing its net debt leverage ratio.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, our dividend payout ratio (1) was 125%, an                                   Our dividend payout ratio for 2025 is currently expected to be lower than our 2024
increase from 111% for the year ended December 31, 2023, due to lower free cash                                    dividend payout ratio of 125%. This expectation: (i) reflects a planned reduction in
flow and higher cash dividends paid on common shares. Free cash flow decreased                                     capital expenditures of approximately $500 million compared to 2024; (ii) excludes
by $256 million in 2024, compared to 2023, due mainly to $958 million lower cash                                   the impact of the acquisition of Ziply Fiber, which is expected to close in the second
flows from operating activities, partly offset by a $684 million reduction in capital                              half of 2025; and (iii) reflects the impact of the discounted treasury DRP.
expenditures.

(1) Dividend payout ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

18       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Executive compensation alignment
BCE is focused on a pay-for-performance approach for all team members,                                           The mix of vehicles awarded under BCE’s long-term incentive plan favours the
including our executives. In order to attract, motivate and retain top talent, the                               execution of multiple objectives. They are structured to create sustainable value for
company offers a competitive total compensation package.                                                         shareholders by attracting, motivating and retaining the executive officers needed to
• Base salary: rewards the scope and responsibilities of a position, with target                                 drive the business strategy, and rewarding them for delivering on our goal of
  positioning at the median of our comparator group.                                                             advancing how Canadians connect with each other and the world, through the
                                                                                                                 successful execution of our six strategic imperatives. We have strong alignment of
• Annual incentive: encourages strong performance against yearly corporate and                                   interest between shareholders and management through our equity-based incentive
  individual objectives.                                                                                         plans.
• Long-term incentive: aligns with long-term interests of shareholders.


Best practices                                  • Stringent share ownership requirements
adopted by                                      • Emphasis on pay at risk for executive compensation
BCE for executive                               • Double trigger change-in-control policy
compensation                                    • Anti-hedging policy on share ownership and incentive compensation
                                                • Clawbacks for the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and
                                                  all Executive Vice Presidents as well as all option holders
                                                • Caps on BCE supplemental executive retirement plans and annual
                                                  bonus payouts, in addition to long-term incentive grants
                                                • Vesting criteria aligned to shareholder interests


Capital allocation priorities
In line with our capital markets objectives, we seek to maintain appropriate levels                              In 2024, excess free cash flow (1) was negative $725 million, compared to negative
of investment to drive the long-term growth of our business, while seeking to                                    $342 million in 2023. The year-over-year decrease was primarily attributable to lower
maintain investment-grade credit ratings for Bell’s senior debt and optimizing our                               cash flows from operating activities of $6,988 million, which decreased by
balance sheet in order to drive long-term value creation for shareholders. We                                    $958 million year over year, mainly due to lower cash from working capital, higher
deploy excess free cash flow and divestiture proceeds, when available, in a                                      interest paid, higher severance and other costs paid and higher income taxes paid.
balanced manner and on uses that include, but are not limited to:                                                These factors were partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA.
• Funding of strategic acquisitions and investments (including wireless spectrum
  purchases) that support the growth of our business
• Debt reduction
• Share buybacks through normal course issuer bid (NCIB) programs


Five-year cumulative total value of a $100 investment (2)
December 31, 2019 – December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                 This graph compares the yearly change in the cumulative annual total shareholder
                                                                                                                 return of BCE common shares against the cumulative annual total return of the S&P
                                                                                                                 Global Ratings Canada, a business unit of S&P Global Canada Corp. (S&P)/TSX
                                                                                                                 Composite Index, (3) for the five-year period ending December 31, 2024, assuming
                                                                                                                 an initial investment of $100 on December 31, 2019 and the quarterly reinvestment
                                                                                                                 of all dividends.




(1) Excess free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(2) Based on BCE’s common share price on the TSX and assuming the reinvestment of dividends.
(3) As the headline index for the Canadian equity market, the S&P/TSX Composite Index is the primary gauge against which to measure total shareholder return for Canadian-based, TSX-listed companies.

                                                                                                                                                                                                         19
1 MD&A Overview


Capital structure
BCE’s balance sheet was underpinned by an available liquidity (1) position of $4.5 billion at the end of 2024, comprised of $1,572 million in cash, $400 million in short-term
investments, $700 million available under our securitized receivables program and $1.8 billion available under our $4 billion committed revolving and expansion credit
facilities, as well as a balance sheet with a pension solvency surplus totalling $3.7 billion. We continue to monitor the capital markets for opportunities to lower our cost of
debt and optimize our cost of capital. We seek to proactively manage financial risk in terms of currency exposure of our U.S. dollar-denominated purchases, as well as equity
risk exposure under BCE’s long-term equity-based incentive plans and interest rate and foreign currency exposure under our various debt instruments. We also seek to
maintain investment-grade credit ratings for Bell’s senior debt.

Long-term public debt maturity                                                 Liquidity position (2)                                                           Investment-grade credit ratings for
profile                                                                        • $1.8 billion available under our $4 billion multi-year                         Bell’s senior debt (2) (3)
• Average term of Bell Canada’s publicly issued debt                             committed credit facilities                                                    • Long-term debt credit rating of BBB (high) by DBRS
  securities: approximately 12.8 years (2)                                     • $700 million receivables securitization available                                Limited (DBRS), Baa 2 by Moody’s Investors
• Average after-tax cost of publicly issued debt                                 capacity                                                                         Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and BBB by S&P
  securities: 3.2% (2)                                                         • $1,572 million cash
• All publicly issued debt securities maturing in 2025                         • $400 million short-term investments
  already pre-funded

We monitor our capital structure by utilizing a number of measures, principally net                                   maintaining our after-tax cost of outstanding publicly issued debt securities relatively
debt leverage ratio and dividend payout ratio.                                                                        stable at approximately 3.2% (4.4% on a pre-tax basis) and the average term to
                                                                                                                      maturity at approximately 12.8 years. The net proceeds of the 2024 offerings were
At December 31, 2024, our net debt leverage ratio (4) was 3.81 times adjusted                                         used to fund the repayment of Bell Canada’s US $600 million US-3 Notes and the
EBITDA, an increase from 3.48 times adjusted EBITDA at December 31, 2023,                                             repayment at maturity of Bell Canada MTN debentures maturing in 2025, to fund the
due to foreign currency fluctuations on U.S. dollar denominated debt, business                                        remaining payment for the 3800 MHz spectrum licences secured by Bell Mobility Inc.
acquisitions including OUTEDGE and Stratejm Inc. (Stratejm), the final payment                                        (Bell Mobility) through the Canadian government’s 3800 MHz spectrum auction, to
for 3800 MHz spectrum licences secured in the auction completed in                                                    repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
November 2023, and substantial capital expenditures. These leverage levels
exceeded our internal net debt leverage policy target of 3.0 times adjusted EBITDA                                    In May 2024, Bell Canada renewed its short form base shelf prospectus, enabling
as a result of wireless spectrum purchases, accelerated capital expenditures to                                       Bell Canada to offer debt securities from time to time until June 9, 2026. The debt
advance our network and transformation investments, and financing a number of                                         securities will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by BCE. Consistent with past
strategic acquisitions over the past several years. Our objective is to lower our net                                 practice, the short form base shelf prospectus was renewed to continue to provide
debt leverage ratio closer towards our policy target of 3.0 times adjusted EBITDA.                                    Bell Canada with financial flexibility and efficient access to the Canadian capital
BCE’s leverage level is projected to begin decreasing in 2025 as we apply the                                         markets.
proceeds of the issuance on February 18, 2025 of $2,250 million in U.S. dollars of
aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes in                                        Subsequent to year end, on February 6, 2025, Bell Canada amended and restated
two series (A and B) (the Junior Subordinated Notes) to reduce senior                                                 its short form base shelf prospectus to, among other things, amend the description
indebtedness and capitalize on opportunities to monetize non-core assets and use                                      and characteristics of the debt securities that may be issued thereunder so as to
the sale proceeds to strengthen our balance sheet and optimize our cost of capital.                                   provide for the issuance of subordinated (including junior subordinated) debt
The Junior Subordinated Notes receive 50% equity treatment from the credit rating                                     securities in Canada and the U.S., under one or more new trust indentures, as
agencies. To align with their methodologies, we will apply, starting in 2025, only                                    further detailed below.
50% of the value of the Junior Subordinated Notes as debt in the calculation of our                                   Subsequent to year end, on February 18, 2025, Bell Canada completed an offering
net debt leverage ratio.                                                                                              of $2,250 million in U.S. dollars ($3,187 million in Canadian dollars) aggregate
                                                                                                                      principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes in two series (A
                                                                    Internal December 31, December 31,
BCE credit ratios                                                     target        2024         2023                 and B).
Net debt leverage ratio                                                  3.0            3.81             3.48         The $1,000 million in U.S. dollars ($1,416 million in Canadian dollars) Fixed-to-Fixed
                                                                                                                      Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series A due 2055 initially bear interest at an
Bell Canada successfully accessed the debt capital markets in February 2024 and                                       annual rate of 6.875% and reset every five years starting on September 15, 2030 at
May 2024, raising a total of $1,450 million in U.S. dollars ($1,951 million in                                        an annual rate equal to the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.390%,
Canadian dollars) in gross proceeds from the issuance of notes in the U.S., and                                       provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below
$1,500 million in gross proceeds from the issuance in Canada of medium-term                                           6.875%. The $1,250 million in U.S. dollars ($1,771 million in Canadian dollars)
note (MTN) debentures. Both the Canadian-dollar and U.S. dollar issuances                                             Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series B due 2055 initially bear
contributed to                                                                                                        interest at an annual rate of 7.000% and reset every five years starting on
                                                                                                                      September 15, 2035 at an annual


(1) Available liquidity is a non-GAAP financial measure. See section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(2) As at December 31, 2024.
(3) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.
(4) Net debt leverage ratio is a capital management measure. See section 11.4, Capital management measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

20       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview

rate equal to the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.363%, provided           after the closing of the Ziply Fiber acquisition, on November 1, 2024, Bell Canada
that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below           entered into a commitment letter (Commitment Letter) for a $3,700 million in U.S.
7.000%. Bell Canada may redeem either series of the Junior Subordinated Notes,             dollars ($5,324 million in Canadian dollars) unsecured term loan facility (Ziply Term
in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount           Facility) that can be drawn to finance the acquisition of Ziply Fiber. Subsequent to
commencing on the applicable first reset dates. The net proceeds of the offering           year end and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Commitment Letter, Bell
are intended to be used for the repurchase, redemption or repayment, as                    Canada made reductions of $965 million in U.S. dollars ($1,375 million in Canadian
applicable, of Bell’s senior indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes.        dollars) in the aggregate amount of the Commitment Letter, decreasing the
                                                                                           commitment thereunder to $2,735 million in U.S. dollars ($3,949 million in Canadian
The acquisition funding for Ziply Fiber has been structured with the objective to          dollars). The Ziply Term Facility will be guaranteed by BCE and will be made
maintain Bell Canada’s investment-grade senior debt credit ratings. Approximately          available, as the case may be, in a single draw on the closing date of the Ziply Fiber
$4.2 billion of the approximate $5.0 billion purchase price for the acquisition of the     acquisition, which is expected to close in the second half of 2025. The borrowings
Ziply Fiber equity is expected to be funded from the net proceeds of the divestiture       under the Ziply Term Facility will be subject to customary conditions, including the
by BCE of its ownership stake in MLSE. BCE currently expects to fund the balance           execution of definitive documentation.
of the purchase price from its discounted treasury DRP. In the event that the
closing of the sale of BCE’s ownership stake in MLSE occurs



1.5        Corporate governance and risk management
Corporate governance philosophy
The Board and management of BCE believe that strong corporate governance practices contribute to superior results in creating and maintaining shareholder value. That is
why we continually seek to strengthen our corporate governance practices and ethical business conduct by adopting best practices, and providing full transparency and
accountability to our shareholders. The Board is responsible for the supervision of the business and affairs of the company.
Below are our key Board information and governance best practices:

  ✓    Directors are ALL Independent (except CEO)                                            ✓    Directors’ Tenure Guidelines

 99% 2024 Board and Committee Director Attendance Record                                     ✓    Board Renewal: 6 Non-Executive Director Nominees
                                                                                                  ≤ 7 Years Tenure Average Tenure = 5.69 years
  ✓    Board Committee Members are All Independent
                                                                                             ✓    Share Ownership Guideline for Directors and Executives
  ✓    Board Diversity Policy and Target for Gender Representation
                                                                                             ✓    Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Program
  ✓    Annual Election of All Directors
                                                                                             ✓    Annual Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
  ✓    Directors Elected Individually
                                                                                             ✓    Formal Board Evaluation Process
  ✓    Majority Voting for Directors
                                                                                             ✓    Board Risk Oversight Practices
  ✓    Separate Chair and CEO
                                                                                             ✓    ESG Strategy Reviewed by Board
  ✓    Board Interlocks Guidelines
                                                                                             ✓    Robust Succession Planning


For more information, please refer to BCE’s most recent notice of annual general shareholder meeting and management proxy circular (the Proxy Circular) filed with the
Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at sedarplus.ca) and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at sec.gov), and
available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.


Risk governance framework
Board oversight
BCE’s full Board is entrusted with the responsibility for identifying and overseeing
the principal risks to which our business is exposed and seeking to ensure there
are processes in place to effectively identify, monitor and manage them. These
processes seek to mitigate rather than eliminate risk. A risk is the possibility that an
event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our business,
financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. While the Board has
overall responsibility for risk, the responsibility for certain elements of the risk
oversight program is delegated to Board committees in order to ensure that they
are treated with appropriate expertise, attention and diligence, with reporting to the
Board on a regular basis.




                                                                                                                                                                              21
1 MD&A Overview

Risk information is reviewed by the Board or the relevant committee throughout the          Risk management framework
year, and business leaders present regular updates on the execution of business
strategies, risks and mitigation.                                                           While the Board is responsible for BCE’s risk oversight program, operational
                                                                                            business units are central to the proactive identification and management of risk.
• The Risk and Pension Fund Committee has oversight responsibility for the                  They are supported by a range of corporate support functions that provide
  organization’s risk governance framework, which exists to identify, assess,               independent expertise to reinforce implementation of risk management approaches
  mitigate and report key risks to which BCE is exposed. As part of its Charter, the        in collaboration with the operational business units. The Internal Audit function
  Risk and Pension Fund Committee is tasked with oversight of risks relating to             provides a further element of expertise and assurance, working to provide insight
  network resiliency, business continuity plans, work stoppage and disaster                 and support to the operational business units and corporate support functions, while
  recovery plans, regulatory and public policy, information management and                  also providing the Audit Committee, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee, and
  privacy, AI, information security (including cyber security), physical security, fraud,   other Board committees, as required, with an independent perspective on the state
  vendor management, reputation and ESG (including climate change), technology,             of risk and control within the organization. Collectively, these elements can be
  safety, geopolitics, the pension fund and other risks as required. The Risk and           thought of as a “three lines” approach to risk management. Although the risk
  Pension Fund Committee receives reports on security matters, including                    management framework described in this section 1.5 is aligned with industry
  information security (including cyber security), and on environmental matters,            practices, there can be no assurance that it will be sufficient to prevent the
  each quarter, and on AI matters annually.                                                 occurrence of events that could have a material adverse effect on our business,
• The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the integrity of our financial          financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation.
  statements and related information, management’s assessment and reporting on
  the effectiveness of internal controls, and risk processes as they relate to
  financial reporting and management.
• The Management Resources and Compensation Committee (Compensation
  Committee) oversees risks relating to compensation, succession planning and
  workplace policies and practices.
• The Corporate Governance Committee (Governance Committee) assists the
  Board in developing and implementing BCE’s corporate governance principles
  and guidelines, identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board,
  and determining the composition of the Board and its committees. The
  Governance Committee is responsible for oversight of our ESG strategy
  (including climate change strategy and climate-related matters, and supply chain
  labour issues) and strategies to protect or enhance the company’s reputation,
  and their integration within our overall business strategy, and disclosure
  regarding ESG matters. The Governance Committee is also responsible for
  oversight of the company’s policies concerning business conduct, ethics, public
  disclosure of material information and AI governance.

Risk management culture
There is a strong culture of risk management at BCE that is actively promoted by
the Board, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee and the President and CEO, at
all levels within the organization. It is a part of how the company operates on a
day-to-day basis and is woven into its structure and operating principles, guiding
the implementation of the organization’s strategic imperatives.
The President and CEO, selected by the Board, has set his strategic focus through
the establishment of six strategic imperatives and focuses risk management
around the factors that could impact the achievement of those strategic                     First line – operational business units
imperatives. While the constant state of change in the economic environment and
the industry creates challenges that need to be managed, clarity around strategic           The first line refers to management within our operational business units, who are
objectives, performance expectations, risk management and integrity in execution            expected to understand their operations in great detail and the financial results that
ensures discipline and balance in all aspects of our business.                              underpin them. There are regular reviews of operating performance involving the
                                                                                            organization’s executive and senior management. The discipline and precision
                                                                                            associated with this process, coupled with the alignment and focus around
                                                                                            performance goals, creates a high degree of accountability and transparency in
                                                                                            support of our risk management practices.
                                                                                            As risks emerge in the business environment, they are discussed in a number of
                                                                                            regular forums to share details and explore their relevance across the organization.
                                                                                            Executive and senior management are integral to these activities in driving the
                                                                                            identification, assessment, mitigation and reporting of risks at all levels. Formal risk
                                                                                            reporting occurs through strategic planning sessions, management presentations to
                                                                                            the Board and formal enterprise risk reporting, which is shared with the Board and
                                                                                            the Risk and Pension Fund Committee during the year.
                                                                                            Management is also responsible for maintaining effective internal controls and for
                                                                                            executing risk and control procedures on a day-to-day basis. Each operational
                                                                                            business unit develops its own operating controls and procedures that fit the needs
                                                                                            of its unique environment.

22     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Second line – corporate support functions                                               and IT support systems, there can be no assurance that the security policies and
                                                                                        directives that we implement will prevent the occurrence of all potential information
BCE is a very large enterprise, with 40,390 employees as at December 31, 2024,          security breaches. In addition, although BCE has contracted an insurance policy
multiple business units and a diverse portfolio of risks that is constantly evolving    covering information security risk, there can be no assurance that any insurance we
based on internal and external factors. In a large organization, it is common to        may have will cover the costs, damages, liabilities or losses that could result from
manage certain functions centrally for efficiency, scale and consistency. While the     the occurrence of any information security breach.
first line is often central to identification and management of business risks, in
many instances operational management works collaboratively with, and also              Corporate Risk Management function: This function works across the company to
relies on, the corporate functions that make up the second line of support in these     gather information and report on the organization’s assessment of its principal risks
areas. These corporate functions include Regulatory, Finance, Corporate Security,       and the related exposures. Annually, senior management participate in a risk survey
Corporate Risk Management, Legal, Corporate Responsibility, Human Resources,            that provides an important reference point in the overall risk assessment process.
Real Estate and Procurement.
                                                                                        In addition to the activities described above, the second line is also critical in building
Legal and Regulatory function: This function is responsible for the regulatory          and operating the oversight mechanisms that bring focus to relevant areas of risk
portfolio, including an expanding range of obligations set out in new privacy and       and reinforce the bridges between the first and second lines, thereby seeking to
data protection laws being enacted in Canada and around the world. BCE has              ensure that there is a clear understanding of emerging risks, their relevance to the
developed, and maintains, an enhanced Data Governance Policy that                       organization and the proposed mitigation plans.
encompasses the protection and appropriate use of data across its life cycle. A
significant element of the data governance program relies on the Corporate              To further coordinate efforts between the first and second lines, BCE has established
Security activities outlined below and these two functions work jointly with data       a Health and Safety, Security, Environment and Compliance Oversight Committee
owners, data custodians and other relevant employees to seek to ensure this             (HSSEC Committee). A significant number of BCE’s most senior leaders are
policy is appropriately implemented. We recognize that a strong and consistently        members of the HSSEC Committee, the purpose of which is to oversee BCE’s
applied approach to data governance is essential to maintaining the social licence      strategic security (including information security), compliance, environmental, and
necessary to achieve our business objectives. For more information on our               health and safety risks and opportunities. This cross-functional committee seeks to
approach to privacy and data security, refer to section 1.6, Capitals and our           ensure that relevant risks are adequately recognized and mitigation activities are
corporate responsibility, in this MD&A.                                                 well integrated and aligned across the organization and are supported with sufficient
                                                                                        resources. The HSSEC Committee co-chairs report to the Risk and Pension Fund
Finance function: BCE’s Finance function plays a pivotal role in seeking to             Committee, Governance Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board.
identify, assess and manage risks through a number of activities, which include
financial performance management, external reporting, pension management,               We have also established management committees reporting to the HSSEC
capital management, and oversight and execution practices related to the U.S.           Committee: (i) the Corporate Responsibility Board (CR Board) to support the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and equivalent Canadian securities legislation,              evolution of our corporate responsibility strategy and proactively manage ESG topics
including the establishment and maintenance of appropriate internal control over        in an integrated approach; the CR Board also reports to the BCE Disclosure and
financial reporting. BCE has also established and maintains disclosure controls         Compliance Committee with regard to the public disclosure of ESG information;
and procedures to seek to ensure that the information it publicly discloses,            (ii) the Energy Board to ensure oversight of Bell’s overall energy consumption and
including its business risks, is accurately recorded, processed, summarized and         progress towards meeting our GHG emissions reduction targets (science-based
reported on a timely basis. For more details concerning BCE’s internal control over     targets and target to be carbon neutral for our operational emissions (scope 1 and
financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, refer to the Proxy          2 only) in 2025); (iii) the Climate Resiliency Task Force to assist in building a climate
Circular and section 12, Effectiveness of internal controls, in this MD&A.              resiliency governance to address the potential impacts of climate change; (iv) the
                                                                                        Responsible AI Office to oversee AI programs, risks, our AI ethical framework
Corporate Security function: This function is responsible for all aspects of            implementation, developments in AI technologies and their applications and monitor
security, which requires a deep understanding of the business, the risk                 legal and regulatory developments impacting AI; (v) the Information Security (IS)
environment and the external stakeholder environment. Based on this                     Steering Committee to align on IS program strategy, including fraud, current and
understanding, Corporate Security sets the standards of performance required            emerging threats, investments and resources against BCE priorities; (vi) the IS
across the organization through security policies and directives that define            Delivery Program to review in-year IS strategic and tactical projects, and (vii) the Bell
requirements to protect team members, company assets and information. In high           IS Forum to drive awareness of our IS program strategy and solicit feedback on
and evolving risk areas such as information security, Corporate Security leverages      business impacts.
its experience and competence to develop strategies intended to mitigate the
organization’s risks. For instance, we have implemented security awareness              Third line – internal audit function
training, policies and directives that seek to mitigate information security threats.
We further rely on security assessments to identify risks and review projects with      Internal Audit is a part of the overall management information and control system
the objective of ensuring that systems are deployed with the appropriate level of       and has the responsibility to act as an independent appraisal function. Its purpose is
control, including access management, vulnerability management, security                to provide the Audit Committee, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee, and other
monitoring and testing. We evaluate and seek to adapt our security policies and         Board committees, as required, and management with objective evaluations of the
directives designed to protect our information and assets in light of the               company’s risk and control environment, to support management in fulfilling BCE’s
continuously evolving nature and sophistication of information security threats.        strategic imperatives and to maintain an audit presence throughout BCE and its
However, given the complexity and scale of our business, network infrastructure,        subsidiaries.
technology

                                                                                                                                                                                23
1 MD&A Overview



1.6           Capitals and our corporate responsibility
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our ESG objectives. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A and to the sub-section Assumptions at the end of this section 1.6. For explanations of certain climate-related terms, metrics and targets used in this
section 1.6 including, without limitation, carbon neutral, science-based targets and net zero, please refer to Explanation of certain climate-related terms, metrics and targets
at the end of this section 1.6.
Since our founding in 1880, Bell has been enabling Canadians to connect with each other and the world. Our approach to corporate responsibility is to manage the company
in ways that nurture the social and economic prosperity of our communities while safeguarding the environment.


Corporate responsibility underpins our six strategic imperatives
Corporate responsibility is a fundamental element of each of the six strategic                                      Pension Fund Committee oversees risks that could impact our business, such as
imperatives that inform BCE’s policies, decisions and actions.(1) As one of                                         safety and security, business continuity, supply chain, AI and ESG risks, while the
Canada’s largest companies, we are driven to continually improve our impact and                                     Audit Committee monitors significant ESG issues that could impact financial
our contribution to society with our network deployments, investments in mental                                     reporting and approves our risks and assumptions disclosure. The Compensation
health initiatives, environmental sustainability and an engaged workplace. This                                     Committee has oversight of human resource issues and tracks corporate
approach also supports our purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each                                       performance against our ESG targets. Since 2020, the Compensation Committee
other and the world.                                                                                                has formally added ESG targets to the corporate performance metrics within the
                                                                                                                    measures of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP). Since 2022, to reflect how ESG is
Our corporate responsibility approach is informed by a set of guiding principles that                               embedded into the overall strategy of the business, we set and track our
support our corporate strategy and policies throughout the organization. Through                                    performance through ESG-related metrics, which are embedded throughout our
our own internal processes along with stakeholder feedback, we have prioritized,                                    strategic imperatives score and which represent, in aggregate, at least 30% of the
and set clear objectives to address sustainability issues and opportunities, seeking                                total strategic imperatives score. Progress on our strategic imperatives represents
to enhance sustainability across BCE. We constantly measure and report on our                                       40% weighting of the corporate performance index within the AIP.
progress. Through these actions, we strive to demonstrate strong environmental
performance, achieve an inclusive workplace, lead data governance, and protect                                      Since 1993, BCE has been publishing a corporate responsibility report detailing our
and build stronger, healthier communities.                                                                          performance in managing ESG issues. In 2022, for the first time, we presented both
                                                                                                                    our financial and non-financial (also called ESG or sustainability) performance in an
The Board has established clear oversight of our corporate responsibility programs                                  Integrated annual report following the principles of the <IR> Framework, now part of
and our approach to ESG practices with primary accountability at the committee                                      the IFRS Foundation. We believe this approach provides a useful basis for
level. The Governance Committee is responsible for oversight of our ESG strategy                                    disclosing how we seek to create sustained value for our stakeholders over time.
and disclosure. This includes the integration of ESG within our company strategy                                    Integral to the <IR> Framework are the six forms of “capital” (Our networks, Our
and monitoring the implementation of ESG programs, goals and key initiatives.                                       customers and relationships, Our products and services, Our environment, Our
Moreover, it is responsible for oversight and related disclosure of climate-related                                 people and Our financial resources) that serve as inputs to value creation.
risks, and for our governance practices and policies, including those concerning
business conduct, ethics and AI. In addition, the Risk and


Our networks


Our networks and services are fundamental to the communities we serve, the                                          How digital access helps create value
nation’s economy and Canadian society as a whole. Our networks are integral to
delivering our wireless, wireline, and broadcasting services. We work closely with                                  Advanced communications networks provide access to a broad spectrum of
governments, regulators and our customers to maximize these societal benefits.                                      everyday activities for all Canadians. Today, Bell’s leading network technologies are
                                                                                                                    a key part of Canada’s 21st century infrastructure. Our networks provide consumers
Additionally, privacy and information security present both potentially significant                                 and businesses with new and greater opportunities to connect, build and grow today,
risks and opportunities for any business operating in the digital economy. They are                                 while unlocking the future-ready innovations of tomorrow.
the subject of an expanding range of obligations, including under new privacy and
data protection laws being enacted in Canada and around the world. Our                                              Our activities and outcomes
customers, team members and investors increasingly expect us to demonstrate
that we collect data appropriately, use it for purposes that advance their interests,                               Bell investments are delivering benefits directly to our customers, from providing
and keep it secure.                                                                                                 more consumers with better access to family and friends, remote learning and
                                                                                                                    entertainment to enabling businesses and communities to operate more efficiently
                                                                                                                    and grow in the digital economy. At the same time, by continuing to close the digital
                                                                                                                    divide that separates communities, we are also supporting growth among suppliers
                                                                                                                    and partners and helping build and drive innovation across the Canadian digital
                                                                                                                    ecosystem.


(1) At BCE we continue our commitment to corporate responsibility while adapting our practices and policies to ensure we comply with the applicable laws, practices and prevailing policies in the various jurisdictions in which we
    operate.

24       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview

In 2024, Bell’s capital expenditures were $3.9 billion as we continued our fibre                                    which covers privacy, information security, data access management and records
deployments directly to homes and businesses and 5G wireless connectivity                                           management. All employees are trained on data governance, as part of our
throughout our footprint. As a direct result of these investments, Bell’s pure fibre                                mandatory biannual code of business conduct training. In 2024, Bell continued to
footprint reached a total of 7.8 million locations at the end of 2024.                                              make significant investments in people, processes and technology in order to seek
                                                                                                                    to protect confidential information from evolving cybersecurity threats.
Bell wireless and network technologies are a key part of Canada’s 21st century
infrastructure. Bell’s LTE wireless network reached 99% of Canadians by 2020.                                       Key metric
Since then, we launched and expanded our 5G network in urban and rural
markets, reaching 87% of all Canadians at the end of 2024.                                                                                                                     2022      2023       2024

                                                                                                                    Number of unresolved well-founded privacy complaints (2)
Investing in network security, capacity and resiliency has helped Bell achieve                                      from the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada        –         –          –
99.9947% network reliability in 2024. Our investments provide core network
architecture, diversity and redundancy – including multiple transport routes – which
minimize the risk of major service disruptions. We also proactively provide                                         How information security governance
notifications to keep customers informed if services are disrupted.
                                                                                                                    helps create value
Key metrics                                                                                                         As Canadians have become more digitally connected, evolving cyber threats have
                                                                                                                    become more frequent. We need to be able to identify and address information
5G network coverage                                                Pure fibre footprint                             security risks in a timely manner in order to be in a better position to protect our
at December 31                                                                                                      market share and reputation, and these efforts align with our strategic imperative to
                                                                                                                    champion customer experience, while at the same time reducing exposure to
                                                                                                                    cyberattacks. Avoiding data breaches can also limit the increase in expenses
                                                                                                                    associated with remediation efforts and legal exposures, aligning with our strategic
                                                                                                                    imperative to operate with agility and cost efficiency.

                                                                                                                    Our activities and outcomes
                                                                                                                    We are focused on maintaining the trust that our customers have in us to protect
                                                                                                                    their data. To do this, we are implementing prevention, detection, and response
                                                                                                                    programs related to security threats. In addition, we are helping define industry
                                                                                                                    security and risk management practices, and we are training our team members on
                                                                                                                    data protection.
                                                                                                                    In 2023, we aligned our program to meet the requirements of the ISO/ IEC
                                                                                                                    27001 standard, and have continued to use this as a base to build on and maintain
Bell’s network reliability (1)                                                                                      our information security management system. Our Be Cyber Savvy information
                                                                                                                    security education program includes access to our specialized cyber awareness
                                                                                                                    platform, monthly phishing simulations, base year cybersecurity courses and a
                                                                                                                    recurring annual course to maintain knowledge for all team members. At the end of
                                                                                                                    2024, 95% of onboarded team members had completed base year training. We
                                                                                                                    believe a combination of training, clear messaging and positive reinforcement has
                                                                                                                    led to continued annual improvement in reporting suspected phishing attempts and
                                                                                                                    demonstrates team member engagement in keeping Bell information secure.

                                                                                                                    Key metric
How data governance helps create value                                                                              Phishing simulation report rate
We recognize that to achieve our purpose of advancing how Canadians connect
with each other and the world, we must maintain the social licence from our
customers and all Canadians to collect and use data in our operations. A strong
and consistently applied approach to data governance is critical to maintaining that
social licence by focusing on respecting the privacy of our customers’ data and
protecting such data against information security threats. Conversely, failure to
meet customer expectations regarding the appropriate use and protection of their
data can have negative reputational, business and financial consequences for our
company.

Our activities and outcomes
Our approach to data governance encompasses the protection and appropriate
use of data across their life cycle, and we are incorporating data governance
proactively as a core consideration in all our business initiatives and technology
decisions. We have a data governance policy




(1) Bell’s network reliability refers to our high-speed FTTH Internet connection.
(2) A complaint is considered well-founded if the Information Commissioner concluded that one or more of the allegations in the complaints has merit.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      25
1 MD&A Overview


Our customers and relationships


Since 2010, the Bell Let’s Talk mental health initiative has raised awareness and    Our activities and outcomes
action for Canadian mental health with a focus on helping reduce the stigma
around mental illness, improving access to care, supporting world-class research     Bell Let’s Talk is active year round providing funding through the Bell Let’s Talk
and leading by example in workplace mental health. Over the last 15 years,           Community Fund, Diversity Fund and Bell True Patriot Love Fund. Bell Let’s Talk has
Canadians have taken action to create real change by engaging in the world’s         partnered with more than 1,585 organizations including hospitals, universities, local
largest mental health conversation to help create a Canada where everyone can        community service providers and other care and research organizations. This
get the culturally-appropriate mental health support they need. On World Mental      collaboration has enabled these organizations to improve access to mental health
Health Day 2024, Bell announced another $10 million towards mental health in         supports and services in communities nationwide.
2025, bringing the total Bell Let’s Talk investment to $184 million since 2010.      • On Bell Let’s Talk Day, on January 22, 2025, Bell put a priority focus on youth
                                                                                       mental health with a new text-to-donate campaign. Together with Canadians on
How taking action on mental health                                                     Bell Let’s Talk Day, we contributed a total of $1,605,770 to six youth mental health
                                                                                       organizations, including Integrated Youth Services, Jack.org, Kids Help Phone,
helps create value                                                                     National Association of Friendship Centres, the Strongest Families Institute and the
Our products and services help communities thrive, and we believe the way we           Youth in Mind Foundation.
invest – our time, our money and our passion – has a positive impact on the          • Communities and organizations across Canada showed their support on
communities we serve. Communities also benefit from the engagement of our              January 22 by raising the Bell Let’s Talk flag at city and town halls, military bases,
team members as they support the causes they value deeply. Bell is taking a            schools and other locations. Students across the country at elementary and high
leading role in helping address the mental health crisis in Canada with Bell Let’s     schools, universities, colleges and cégeps also engaged in a variety of initiatives in
Talk. The program encourages Canadians to take action and achieve real change          their learning environments to promote student mental health.
in their mental health.
                                                                                     • Since 2011, the Bell Let’s Talk Community Fund has provided over 1,175 grants
                                                                                       and invested over $22 million including 75 new grants announced in October 2024
                                                                                     • In 2024, The Bell True Patriot Love Fund awarded a total of $250,000 to
                                                                                       9 organizations making a meaningful difference in the military veteran community

                                                                                     Key metric
                                                                                     The company’s total Bell Let’s Talk investment reached $174 million at the end of
                                                                                     2024.



Our products and services


Our products and services provide value to Canadians by helping them both            • IoT solutions can help optimize asset and fleet management and are effective for
mitigate climate change and adapt to its impacts. Our solutions enable customers       smart buildings, smart cities, smart operations and smart fieldwork applications.
to reduce environmental impacts, improve health and safety and better safeguard        Electronic controls coupled with our communications networks can help
protected data from growing risks.                                                     communities adapt to rising mean temperatures and/or events such as extended
                                                                                       heat waves
How our products and services contributing                                           • hybrid workforce solutions and teleworking can help maintain business continuity
to climate change mitigation and adaptation                                            by giving workers access to their cloud-based collaboration tools from anywhere,
                                                                                       anytime, and on any device. In times of crisis, immediate access to reliable
helps create value                                                                     communications is critical to disaster recovery
Bell technologies and services can help our customers reduce energy needs,           • dematerialization (the reduction of the quantities of materials needed to serve an
minimize carbon footprints and enhance productivity. Our solutions help                economic function) encourages the substitution of technology (e.g., online banking
businesses embrace new ways to communicate, collaborate, ensure business               apps) for travel (e.g., commuting to the bank)
continuity and be able to maintain services in the event of emergencies and
extreme incidents.                                                                   At Bell, we believe it is important to understand the net carbon abatement impact of
                                                                                     our solutions. To achieve this, we have worked with Groupe AGECO, a third-party
Our activities and outcomes                                                          consultant with expertise in GHG emissions quantification, to develop a methodology
                                                                                     that uses a carbon abatement ratio which estimates the carbon reduction capacity of
Our solutions include:                                                               our products and services used by our customers. The carbon abatement ratio
• virtualization and cloud computing encourage optimal use of space, power and       represents the GHG emissions estimated to have been avoided by our customers
  cooling resources by consolidating servers and storage. They improve business      through the use of our technological solutions in comparison
  continuity through redundancies in our network

26     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview

to our own operational (scope 1 and 2) GHG emissions. To do so, GHG emissions                                       The calculation method of the carbon abatement ratio is based on existing
are estimated in a business-as-usual case where technology is not used compared                                     methodologies developed in the Information and Communications Technology (ICT)
to the case where Bell’s products are used. The avoided GHG emissions                                               sector. The calculation, as shown below, is based on assumptions that are
correspond to the difference between the emissions estimated to have been                                           dependent on customers’ behaviour over which Bell has no control.
generated in a business-as-usual case compared to the case where Bell’s
technological solutions are used. The emissions generated by Bell in providing the
solutions to the customers are not deducted from the total carbon abatement of
solutions, but are included in our operational emissions. Only the benefits resulting
from technologies deployed to Bell’s clients are considered, i.e., environmental
benefits associated with solutions implemented within Bell’s own operations are                                     Key metric
not included. An example of how the calculations were made is provided below:
                                                                                                                    GHG emissions estimated to have been avoided by our customers
Business-as-usual          Physical meeting in one room between two or more participants,                           through the use of Bell’s products and services
scenario                   including the transportation to the meeting location
                                                                                                                    Number of times by which GHG emissions estimated to have been abated by our
Bell’s solution            Virtual meeting through a cloud-hosted platform with integrated video                    customers through the use of Bell’s technologies exceeded scope 1 and 2 GHG
                           and audio conferencing, online presentations, shared applications and                    emitted by Bell’s operations (1)
                           group document editing. Users can share their entire or part of their
                           desktop, or a specific application with a small group of people.
Carbon abatement           GHG emissions avoided from business travel for a meeting due to the
                           use of Bell’s web conferencing solution




Our environment


We strive to minimize the negative environmental impacts of our operations and to                                   How addressing climate change
create positive impacts where possible. We also know that our team members, our
customers, and our investors expect this. Taking care of the environment makes                                      helps create value
good business sense. If we fail to take action to reduce our negative impacts on                                    Climate change could pose risks to our operating environment and our ability to
the environment, we risk losing our valuable team members and customers to                                          create value. To help mitigate these risks, we aim to optimize our energy
competitors, we risk increased costs due to fines or remediation requirements,                                      consumption and reduce our GHG emissions while continuing to adapt to the
and we risk losing investors, all of which could adversely impact our business.                                     impacts of climate change.
We have been implementing and maintaining programs to reduce the
environmental impact of our operations for more than 30 years. Our Environmental                                    Our activities and outcomes
Policy, first issued in 1993, reflects our team members’ values, as well as the                                     We are taking action both to help fight climate change and adapt to its
expectations of customers, investors and society that we regard environmental                                       consequences. We are adapting by taking action to seek to maintain our resiliency in
protection as an integral part of doing business that needs to be managed                                           the face of climate change, and are helping our customers do the same. To fight
systematically under a continuous improvement process. We implemented an                                            climate change, we are focused on reducing our energy consumption and GHG
environmental management system to help with this continuous improvement,                                           emissions, while also helping customers reduce theirs. Fostering innovation that
which has been certified ISO 14001 (2) since 2009, making us the first North                                        helps reduce our carbon footprint is part of our culture. On an annual basis, we
American communications company to be so designated. (3)                                                            calculate, monitor and publicly report on our energy performance and GHG
                                                                                                                    emissions, and on our risks and opportunities related to climate change. Since 2003,
                                                                                                                    we report on our climate change mitigation and adaptation efforts through the CDP
                                                                                                                    (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project), a not-for-profit organization that gathers
                                                                                                                    information on climate-related risks and opportunities from organizations worldwide.
                                                                                                                    We are also engaged in reducing our GHG footprint to contribute to the global effort
                                                                                                                    in fighting climate change. We have set the target to be carbon neutral for our




(1) GHG emitted by Bell’s operations refers to scope 1 emissions (direct GHG emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by Bell) and scope 2 emissions (indirect GHG emissions associated with the consumption of
    purchased electricity, heating/cooling and steam required by Bell’s activities). The analyses were performed based on 2017, 2020 and 2023 data, respectively.
(2) Our ISO 14001 certification covers Bell Canada’s internal governance to ensure execution of the environmental management system associated with the development of policies and procedures for the delivery of services by
    Bell Canada for business sectors network & broadband services (wireline, wireless, internet, TV), cloud and data hosting, broadcast services (radio, digital platform & TV) and connectivity and advertising technology and event
    promotion.
(3) Bell’s review in 2020 of publicly available information for North American communications and telecommunications companies indicated Bell was the first of its North American communications and telecommunications
    competitors to receive ISO 14001 certifications.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  27
1 MD&A Overview

operational GHG emissions (scope 1 and 2 only) in 2025. For 2026 and 2030, we                                      Our activities and outcome
have set science-based GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement
targets that are consistent with the goals of the Paris Agreement. The Science                                     Bell has managed waste reduction, reuse and recycling programs for more than
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) (1) has approved the three specific targets set by                                 30 years. We have waste reduction goals and strong monitoring processes in place
BCE Inc. that cover all scopes.                                                                                    that enable us to track and report on our activities that generate waste. To manage
                                                                                                                   the waste created from the electronic devices we distribute to customers, we have
                                                                                                                   implemented effective and accessible e-waste collection programs for the recovery,
Key metrics                                                Operational (scope 1                                    reuse, refurbishment and recycling of customer-facing devices, including national
Energy intensity                                           and 2 market-based)                                     take-back programs, drop boxes and mail-in instructions. To measure the success of
(Energy consumption (Megawatt
hours (MWh) equivalent) divided by                         GHG emissions                                           these programs, we track the number of recovered electronic devices annually. At
network usage (petabytes))                                 (tonnes of CO2e)                                        Bell, we believe in leading by example, and so to continue to manage and reduce
                                                                                                                   the waste generated from our own operations, we have the target to reach and
                                                                                                                   maintain a 30% reduction of total waste sent to landfill by 2030, from a 2019
                                                                                                                   baseline year. In 2024, to enhance our waste diversion efforts, we launched a fibre
                                                                                                                   optic cable recycling program in Québec. This project has been under development
                                                                                                                   for several years due to the challenges of recycling fibre optic cables and the limited
                                                                                                                   options available in Canada. Through working towards waste reduction, we are
                                                                                                                   striving to build a resilient path to circularity.

                                                                                                                   Key metric
                                                                                                                   Customer devices recovered (2)




How circular economy helps create value
We are advancing our circular economy approach to focus on solutions that detach
growth from accelerating raw material consumption in an effort to reduce the
environmental impact of our operations. Waste reduction is essential to improving
our operational efficiency by generating economic benefits, and better aligning with
the values and expectations of our employees and customers.




(1) The SBTi is a partnership between CDP, the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute and the World Wide Fund for Nature driving ambitious climate action in the private sector by enabling organizations to set
    science-based emissions reduction targets.
(2) Customer devices include used TV receivers, modems, Wi-Fi pods and mobile phones.

28       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Our people


To execute on our strategic imperatives, we rely on the engagement and expertise                                    develop, implement and share mental health practices in the workplace, and to
of our team members. We focus on attracting, developing and retaining the best                                      broaden our approach to emphasize total-health support. We educate team
talent, as well as creating a positive team member experience to drive                                              members through our training programs and campaigns, support them through an
effectiveness, high performance and agility in our evolving business environment.                                   extensive range of mental health services, and support and adapt workplace policies
Through workplace wellness initiatives and by promoting belonging in the                                            and practices to foster a psychologically safe workplace. Since 2010, over
workplace, we reinforce our goal of creating a safe and inclusive atmosphere for all                                90 metrics have been measured quarterly and assessed for trends and program
team members.                                                                                                       insights to closely monitor the psychological health of our workplace. Collecting
                                                                                                                    qualitative and quantitative data is crucial to ensuring that we are heading in the right
How well-being helps create value                                                                                   direction and making any required adjustments to our mental health programs.

Bell team members bring our corporate purpose and strategic imperatives to life
every day. To support the Bell team, we strive for a dynamic culture where all team                                 Key metrics
members feel valued and respected in a safe, supportive environment. We offer                                       People leaders who                                            Overall team member
inclusive benefits, ongoing education and awareness programs, and a range of                                        completed mandatory                                           engagement score (7)
progressive initiatives to help foster well-being and success. At Bell, we believe
that taking care of the well-being of our team members is essential to their                                        base training on
personal success and to our organization’s ongoing progress.                                                        mental health

Our activities and outcomes
To foster the well-being of our team members, we believe that engaging our team
members as well as nurturing an inclusive environment are both essential. We are
proud to be again ranked as one of Canada’s Top Employers. (1) Bell has also been
recognized by Mediacorp as one of Canada’s Top Employers for Young People,
Top Family-Friendly Employers, one of Canada’s Greenest Employers, one of
Canada’s Best Diversity Employers and one of Montréal’s Top Employers. (2) (3) (4)
(5) (6) We are focused on developing and retaining the best talent in the country by
providing a workplace that is positive, professional and rewarding, all of which
enable creativity and innovation. We also continue to




(1) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top 100 Employers” in years 2016 to 2025 by Canada’s Top Employers, an editorial competition organized by Mediacorp Canada Inc., a publisher of employment periodicals. Winners
    are evaluated and selected based on their industry leadership in offering exceptional workplaces for their employees. Employers are compared to others in their field to determine which offers the most progressive and forward-
    thinking programs.
(2) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top Employers for Young People” in years 2018 to 2025 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on the programs offered to attract and retain
    young employees, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(3) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top Family-Friendly Employers” in years 2020 to 2024 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners were evaluated and selected based on the programs and initiatives offered to help
    employees balance work and family commitments, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(4) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Greenest Employers” in years 2017 to 2024 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners were evaluated and selected based on the unique environmental initiatives and programs they
    have developed; the extent to which they have been successful in reducing the organization’s own environmental footprint; the degree to which their employees are involved in these programs and whether they contribute any
    unique skills; and the extent to which these initiatives have become linked to the employer’s public identity, attracting new employees and clients to the organization.
(5) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Best Diversity Employers” in years 2017 to 2022 and in 2025 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on exceptional workplace diversity and
    inclusiveness programs, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(6) Bell was recognized as one of “Montréal’s Top Employers” in years 2013 to 2024 by Canada’s Top Employers. Winners were evaluated and selected based on progressive and forward-thinking programs offered in a variety of
    areas, when compared to other organizations in the same field.
(7) This metric is calculated as the average score obtained in the annual Bell team member satisfaction survey. The Team Member Engagement score is based on four specific questions and the percentage of employees who
    responded favourably (Strongly agree or Agree) to these questions out of the total number of employees who responded to the survey. Methodology has changed from 2023, it was then based on five specific questions.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  29
1 MD&A Overview


Our financial resources


The financial resources of the company are addressed throughout this MD&A. In addition, in 2022 and 2023, we added sustainability-linked pricing to our committed credit
facilities, to our securitization program and to certain derivatives, introducing price adjustments based on our performance of certain sustainability performance targets.


Assumptions
GHG emissions reduction and supplier                                                     • Availability of sufficient funds to be allocated to the implementation of initiatives to
                                                                                           reduce our electricity and fuel consumption
engagement targets
                                                                                         • No significant cost increase in solutions and initiatives identified to be implemented
                                                                                           to achieve our targets
                                                                                         • No new corporate initiatives, business acquisitions, business divestitures or
Our GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets are based on a                 technologies that would materially change our anticipated levels of GHG
number of assumptions including, without limitation, the following principal               emissions. In particular, our GHG emissions reduction targets assume that the
assumptions:                                                                               previously announced pending acquisition of Ziply Fiber and pending dispositions
                                                                                           of Northwestel and our ownership stake in MLSE will not materially change our
• Our ability to purchase a significant amount of high-quality credible carbon credits     anticipated levels of GHG emissions.
  and/or renewable energy certificates (RECs) to offset or reduce, as applicable,
  our GHG emissions                                                                      • No negative impact on the calculation of our GHG emissions from refinements in or
                                                                                           modifications to international standards or the methodology we use for the
• The carbon offset will be permanent and will not be reversed, in whole or in part,       calculation of such GHG emissions
  prior to the date of our targets
                                                                                         • No required changes to our science-based targets pursuant to the SBTi
• No significant increase in electricity grid emissions intensity over which we have       methodology that would make the achievement of our science-based targets, as
  no control                                                                               updated from time to time, more onerous or unachievable in light of business
• Sufficient supplier engagement and collaboration in setting their own science-           requirements
  based targets                                                                          • No significant change in the allocation of our spend by supplier and sufficient
• The successful and timely implementation of various corporate and business               engagement and collaboration from the other participants across our whole value
  initiatives to reduce our electricity and fuel consumption, as well as reduce other      chain in reducing their own GHG emissions
  direct and indirect GHG emissions enablers


30     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Explanation of certain climate-related terms, metrics and targets
Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions                                                                                       Carbon neutrality
Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources that are controlled by                                       We will measure our carbon neutrality performance based on our operational GHG
Bell. Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions associated with the                                               emissions (scope 1 and 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e) minus GHG emissions
consumption of purchased electricity, heating/ cooling and steam required by Bell’s                                  offset by carbon credits purchased (in tonnes of CO2e). To be carbon neutral, the
activities. We use market-based GHG accounting (emission factors are specified                                       total must be equal to zero or lower. To achieve our target to have carbon neutral
within the contractual agreements with the applicable supplier) to evaluate our                                      operations in 2025, we will need to purchase a significant amount of carbon credits
GHG targets. Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) emissions are sometimes collectively                                       to offset our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions that will not have been avoided by
referred to in this MD&A as “operational emissions”. Scope 3 emissions are all                                       internal initiatives. In 2024, our scope 1 and 2 emissions represented 9% of our total
indirect emissions (not included in scope 2) that occur in our value chain, including                                carbon footprint. Our target for carbon neutral operations excludes our
both upstream and downstream emissions.                                                                              scope 3 emissions which represented 91% of our carbon footprint in 2024.
By definition, GHG emissions from scope 3 (upstream and downstream indirect
emissions) occur from sources owned or controlled by other entities in Bell’s value                                  Science-based targets
chain (such as our suppliers, employees and customers). As a result, measuring                                       Science-based targets provide a clearly-defined pathway for companies to reduce
scope 3 emissions is more complex than measuring scope 1 and                                                         GHG emissions, aiming to prevent the worst impacts of climate change. Targets are
scope 2 emissions, for which we are able to obtain primary data (such as litres of                                   considered ‘science-based’ if they are in line with what the latest climate science
fuel consumed within our vehicle fleet and kilowatt-hours of electricity consumed                                    deems necessary to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement – limiting global warming
within our buildings). For scope 3 categories for which primary data is not                                          to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. The SBTi brings together a team of experts to
available, we have to rely on secondary data (such as financial data and industry-                                   provide companies with independent assessment and validation of targets.
average data from published databases). These data collection challenges
contribute to uncertainty in scope 3 emissions measurement.
                                                                                                                     Net zero target
                                                                                                                     BCE’s carbon neutrality and science-based targets are different than, and
                                                                                                                     independent of, the SBTi’s net zero target. Net zero refers to the state in which an
                                                                                                                     organization reduces GHG emissions in its entire value chain (i.e., scopes 1, 2 and
                                                                                                                     3 GHG emissions) to as close to zero as possible (with a minimum reduction of at
                                                                                                                     least 90%) and neutralizes(1) any remaining emissions such that its net global GHG
                                                                                                                     emissions balance to zero. At the moment, BCE does not have a net zero target.




(1) According to SBTi, neutralize means that carbon is removed from the atmosphere and permanently stored in geological, terrestrial, or ocean reservoirs, or in products.

                                                                                                                                                                                                        31
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives




2               Strategic imperatives
Our success is built on the BCE team’s dedicated execution of the six strategic imperatives that support our
purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world.
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to BCE’s network deployment plans, our ESG objectives, and our 2025 objectives, plans and strategic
priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.



2.1          Build the best networks
             Continuing to enhance our key competitive advantage                                            2025 focus
             with a focus on delivering leading broadband fibre and
             wireless networks in locations large and small.                                                • Further deployment of direct fibre to more homes and businesses within our
                                                                                                              wireline footprint, but at a slower pace than during any of 2020 to 2024
2024 progress                                                                                                 • As a direct result of the CRTC’s rejection on February 3, 2025 of a
                                                                                                                Governor-in-Council request to reconsider its November 2023 decision that
• Announced our intent to acquire Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in                           provided large carriers temporary wholesale tariffed access to Bell’s FTTP
  the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., to accelerate Bell’s growth in fibre. Together,                            network, our near-term fibre build target of 8.3 million locations by the end of
  Bell Canada and Ziply Fiber have a goal to reach approximately 12 million fibre                               2025 will not be reached
  locations in North America by the end of 2028, reinforcing Bell’s position as the
  third largest fibre Internet provider in North America.                                                     • Ongoing expansion and deployment of 5G and 5G+ wireless networks, offering
                                                                                                                competitive coverage and quality
• Continued to expand our FTTP direct fibre footprint to more homes and
  businesses, reaching 7.8 million locations at the end of 2024. FTTP enables
  multi-gigabit symmetrical download and upload Internet speeds, offering a
  performance and quality advantage over cable networks.
• Completed Canada’s first 50G passive optical network technology trial, in
  partnership with Nokia Corporation, leveraging existing fibre infrastructure to
  reach speeds up to 50Gbps on a single fibre, and demonstrating an efficient and
  cost-effective upgrade path
• Deployed 3800 MHz spectrum in select areas of Toronto and Kitchener-Waterloo,
  offering customers the country’s fastest mobile technology on Canada’s fastest
  5G+ network (1)
• Expanded 5G+ service coverage, leveraging 3500 MHz and 3800 MHz spectrum,
  to reach 60% of Canada’s population
• Bell’s 5G and 5G+ networks were recognized as the fastest and best in Canada
  by Global Wireless Solutions (GWS) in its 2024 nationwide assessment of 5G
  networks. (1) This marks the third consecutive year Bell has earned this
  recognition for its 5G network and the second consecutive year for its 5G+
  network.




(1) Independent testing by GWS from February to November 2024 ranked Bell’s 5G and 5G+ networks highest among Canadian national wireless carriers. GWS OneScore rankings for 5G+ performance and speeds are based on
    testing while actively using 3500 MHz spectrum.

32      BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives



2.2          Drive growth with innovative services
             Leveraging our leading network technologies to                                                    • Formed a strategic partnership with Palo Alto Networks that brings together Bell’s
             provide truly differentiated communications services                                                expertise in managed and professional services with Palo Alto Networks’
             to Canadians and drive revenue growth.                                                              AI-powered cybersecurity platforms, enabling Bell to offer a full suite of services to
                                                                                                                 deliver comprehensive protection against evolving cyber threats for customers in
2024 progress                                                                                                    Canada
• Added 309,517 total net postpaid and prepaid mobile phone subscribers, bringing                              • Launched Google Cloud Contact Center AI from Bell for Canadian businesses, a
  Bell’s mobile phone customer base to 10,288,574 at December 31, 2024                                           managed solution supported by professional services expertise that enables
                                                                                                                 intelligent customer and agent experiences leveraging generative AI-infused
• As part of a strategic distribution agreement, Bell and Best Buy Canada opened                                 technology
  167 Best Buy Express small-format consumer technology retail stores across
  Canada, offering a selection of products from Best Buy and exclusive                                         • Launched services for Microsoft Teams Phone Mobile, building on Bell’s
  telecommunications services from Bell, Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile                                            collaboration with Microsoft to offer Canadian businesses a flexible, secure, high-
                                                                                                                 performance communication solution. The mobile-first solution integrates mobile
• Entered into a retail partnership with Loblaw Companies Limited to launch no                                   numbers with Teams, enabling seamless calling and collaboration.
  name mobile, providing Canadians new affordable wireless options and prepaid
  plans, powered by PC Mobile and running on Bell’s 4G network                                                 • Announced a partnership with Mila, a Montréal-based research institute in AI, to
                                                                                                                 develop AI solutions to enhance customer experience, optimize business
• Expanded our multi-year strategic partnership with Hyundai Motor Group,                                        operations and cultivate a vibrant AI ecosystem within Québec and across Canada
  leveraging Bell’s IoT connectivity to provide Canadian customers with advanced
  in-car connected infotainment services                                                                       • Launched the Bell Business Wi-Fi App, providing small businesses in Ontario and
                                                                                                                 Québec with an enhanced Wi-Fi experience that combines improved security,
• Announced a technology collaboration with MacLean Engineering, the world’s                                     customizable guest Wi-Fi, employee and customer data insights, and simplified
  largest Canadian-based manufacturer of underground mining equipment, to                                        network management
  advance the next generation of mining operations in Canada with Bell’s Private
  Mobile Network at the MacLean Research & Training Facility
                                                                                                               2025 focus
• Built on our position as the leading Internet service provider (ISP) in Canada with
  a retail high-speed Internet subscriber base of 4,490,896 at December 31, 2024,                              • Leverage innovative new partnerships and collaborations to deliver for our
  up 0.4% over 2023                                                                                              customers
• Bell pure fibre was ranked Canada’s fastest Internet in Ookla’s Q1-Q2 2024 and                               • Continued growth in wireless mobile phone subscribers
  Q3-Q4 2024 Speedtest Awards reports (1)                                                                      • Introduction of more 5G and 5G+ devices and services
• Recognized as Canada’s most trusted communications provider by BrandSpark.                                   • Increased adoption of unlimited data plans and device financing plans
  Bell was also awarded Most Trusted High Speed Internet provider for Wi-Fi
                                                                                                               • Improved wireless handset device availability in addition to stable device pricing
  performance/Wi-Fi connectivity for the sixth consecutive time, and earned Most
                                                                                                                 and margins
  Trusted awards for TV, cellular and home phone. (2)
                                                                                                               • Continued business customer adoption of advanced 5G and IoT solutions
• Acquired Stratejm, a Mississauga-based cybersecurity provider, and
  CloudKettle Inc., a Halifax-based professional services provider, adding                                     • Continued growth in retail Internet subscribers
  professional and managed services expertise in cybersecurity and Salesforce                                  • Enhance Internet product superiority through new service offerings and hardware
  digital workflow automation to Bell’s existing capabilities and strengthening                                  to provide an enhanced customer experience in the home
  end-to-end AI-powered support for enterprise customers
                                                                                                               • Cross sell to customers who do not have all their telecommunication services with
• FX Innovation acquired HGC Technologies (HGC), an Elite ServiceNow partner.                                    Bell
  Based in Montréal, with Canadian and American operations, HGC focuses on
  helping clients maximize their business impact with the ServiceNow digital                                   • Continued diversification of Bell’s distribution strategy with a focus on expanding
  workflow platform. The acquisition strengthens FX Innovation’s expertise in                                    DTC and online transactions
  process automation, cloud technologies, and digital transformation.                                          • Continue to deliver network-centric managed and professional services solutions to
• Expanded our multi-year strategic partnership with ServiceNow, an AI platform for                              large and medium-sized businesses that increase the value of connectivity services
  business transformation, to accelerate Bell’s digital transformation while
  continuing to offer ServiceNow implementation expertise to support the digital
  transformation of its Bell Business Markets (BBM) customers. The partnership
  makes Bell one of ServiceNow’s largest communications customers with a
  first-of-its-kind collaboration in Canada.


(1) Based on analysis by Ookla, a web testing and network diagnostics company, of Speedtest Intelligence data of fixed nationally aggregated Speed Score results for Q1-Q2 and Q3-Q4 2024.
(2) Voted and awarded Most Trusted High Speed Internet Provider for Wi-Fi Performance/Wi-Fi Connectivity, Home Phone Service Provider, TV Service Provider (in a tie), and Cellular Service Provider (in a tie) by Canadian
    shoppers based on the 2025 BrandSpark Canadian Trust Study. BrandSpark is a research and consulting firm.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                        33
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives



2.3           Deliver the most compelling content
              Taking a unified approach across our media and                                                       • Bell Media and StackAdapt, a multi-channel advertising platform, partnered to
              distribution assets to deliver the content Canadians                                                   make Bell Media’s inventory of connected TV, display, video, audio, and digital
              want the most.                                                                                         OOH channels available on the StackAdapt platform. This partnership enables
                                                                                                                     advertisers to scale campaigns effectively across Bell Media’s digital offerings,
2024 progress                                                                                                        including live sports.
• Increased our IPTV subscriber base by 3.0% to 2,132,953 at December 31, 2024                                     • Partnered with Shopsense AI to bring second-screen shopping experiences to
• Grew our total Crave subscriber base to more than 3.6 million, up 18% over 2023                                    Canadian viewers, marking Shopsense’s first expansion outside the U.S. and the
                                                                                                                     first integration of its Commerce OS into Canadian entertainment programming
• 2024 was the most watched year in Crave history for hours viewed
• Crave, TSN and RDS became available on Prime Video Channels in Canada                                            2025 focus
• Maintained CTV’s #1 ranking as the most-watched TV network in Canada for the                                     • Continued growth in IPTV subscribers
  23rd year in a row
                                                                                                                   • Enhance TV product superiority through new service offerings and innovation to
• Launched 11 English and French-language FAST channels, featuring a selection                                       provide an enhanced customer experience in the home
  of entertainment, factual, news, and sports programming, available on LG
  Channels, Samsung TV Plus, Plex and The Roku Channel                                                             • Reinforce industry leadership in conventional TV, specialty TV, DTC streaming and
                                                                                                                     sports services
• Completed the previously announced acquisition of OUTEDGE, to support Bell
  Media’s digital media strategy and deliver multi-channel marketing solutions                                       • In January 2025, Bell and Corus Entertainment expanded their multi-year
  across Canada                                                                                                        agreement to distribute Corus networks on Bell Fibe TV and Bell Satellite TV,
                                                                                                                       including Corus’ premier lifestyle networks, Flavour Network and Home Network
• Announced the expansion of Bell Media’s partnership with Warner Bros.
  Discovery for the Canadian market, extending Crave for multiple years as the                                     • Continued scaling of Crave, TSN, TSN+ and RDS through expanded distribution,
  exclusive home of HBO and Max content                                                                              optimized content offering and UX improvements

• Secured a content and licensing agreement with NBCUniversal Global TV                                              • In January 2025, Bell Media launched new bundle subscription options allowing
  Distribution bringing cable channels USA Network and Oxygen True Crime to                                            viewers to combine Crave, TSN (English-language bundle), and RDS (French-
  Canada for the first time ever, as of January 1, 2025, at which time existing                                        language bundle), with the Ultimate Entertainment and Sports Bundle plans
  specialty channels Discovery and Investigation Discovery rebranded as USA                                        • Continued support of original French content with a focus on digital platforms such
  Network and Oxygen True Crime. Also on January 1, 2025, existing specialty                                         as Crave, Noovo.ca and iHeartRadio Canada, to better serve our French-language
  channels Animal Planet, Discovery Science and Discovery Velocity rebranded as                                      customers through a personalized digital experience
  CTV Wild, CTV Nature, and CTV Speed.                                                                             • Grow advertising revenue and maximize market share
• Announced a partnership with Lionsgate and Point Grey Pictures (PGP), the                                        • Continue to scale Connected TV and Dynamic Audio Ad Insertion (DAAI), bringing
  production company founded by actor Seth Rogen and filmmaker Evan Goldberg,                                        precision targeting of digital advertising and providing a personalized ad
  to develop and produce PGP’s first Canadian scripted TV series                                                     experience to specific households or devices
• Launched Bell Ads for Business, an advertising platform that allows businesses                                   • Advance our digital-first media strategy including growing digital revenues. (1) DTC
  across Canada to utilize Bell’s premium Canadian data, and target intended                                         subscribers and digital growth in OOH business
  audiences, while accessing digital inventory across the open internet and Bell
  Media digital properties                                                                                         • Optimize unique partnerships and strategic content investments to monetize
                                                                                                                     content rights and Bell Media properties across all platforms and scale global
• Bell Media became the Canadian strategic partner of TikTok’s Pulse Premiere in                                     content distribution
  Canada, an advertising solution that gives advertisers’ brands the control and
  predictability to choose where their ads are placed, adjacent to select publisher
  partner content on the For You feed, including adjacency to Bell Media’s TikTok
  content
• Bell Media became the exclusive Canadian sales partner of Dotdash Meredith,
  America’s largest digital publisher, expanding premium digital advertising in
  Canada




(1) Digital revenues are comprised of advertising revenue from digital platforms including web sites, mobile apps, connected TV apps and OOH digital assets/platforms, as well as advertising procured through Bell digital buying
    platforms and subscription revenue from DTC services and video-on-demand (VOD) services.

34       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives



2.4           Champion customer experience
               Making it easier for customers to do business                              • Implemented AI-powered agent support models leveraging real-time transcription,
               with Bell at every step, from sales to installation,                         enabling the analysis of calls in our contact centers through our Speech AI solution
               to ongoing support.                                                          and the identification of cross-sell opportunities
                                                                                          • Leveraged Generative AI for call quality assurance, monitoring aspects such as
2024 progress                                                                               time on hold and manager escalations and to automatically generate retention
• Decreased our share of consumer complaints for the BCE group of companies                 offers in real time
  and affiliates by 5% over the previous year, according to the 2023–2024 Annual
  Report by the Commission for Complaints for Telecom-television Services                 2025 focus
  (CCTS)
                                                                                          • Launch a customer friendly virtual assistant to answer common questions quickly
• Appointed Hadeer Hassaan as Bell’s first Chief Customer Experience Officer,               and accurately
  reinforcing our customer-first approach in everything we do and our objective to
                                                                                          • Add open ticket tracking capabilities for customers to check the status of requests
  create meaningful experiences across all channels
                                                                                            and communicate with agents with links in MyBell
• Launched a refreshed MyBell app, offering a range of new features and
                                                                                          • Continue to invest in AI to resolve customer issues faster
  improvements including improved navigation, personalized offers and alerts on
  the home screen, and a modern visual design                                             • Upgrade knowledge management tools enabling customers to get accurate,
                                                                                            consistent answers whether through retail channels, call centres or MyBell
• Introduced new digital bill featuring an easier to understand layout and new
  features that highlight any month-over-month changes, personal bill explainers          • Continue to improve quality of operations to make it easy to do business with Bell
  and digital billboards that keep customers informed about their Bell services,          • Further improve and expand self-installation capabilities
  exclusive offers, and campaigns like Bell for Better
                                                                                          • Further reduce the number of repair truck rolls through better diagnostics and our
• Introduced new virtual assistants leveraging Google Chat AI for Bell, Virgin Plus         Virtual Repair tool
  and Lucky Mobile customers, offering instant answers and self-service links
                                                                                          • Reduce the elapsed time when field technicians have to refer an issue to another
• Leveraging AI technologies developed by Meta and Google, launched new                     group for resolution
  chatbot for field technicians that serves as a virtual helpdesk, delivering real-time
  support and resources to technicians




2.5           Operate with agility and cost efficiency
               Underscoring our focus on operational                                      2025 focus
               excellence and cost discipline throughout
               every part of our business.                                                • Accelerate Bell’s operational transformation
                                                                                          • Continued focus on our cost structure
2024 progress                                                                             • Realize cost savings from:
• Continued our multi-year operational transformation to modernize our operations,         • operating efficiencies enabled by our direct fibre footprint
  increase productivity, build technology talent and materially right-size our cost
  base                                                                                     • changes in consumer behaviour and product innovation
• Improved BCE consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin (1) by 1.2 pts to 43.4%, our            • digital adoption
  highest annual margin in over 30 years                                                   • product and service enhancements
• Reduced Bell CTS operating costs by 3.4%, contributing to Bell CTS adjusted              • expanding self-serve capabilities
  EBITDA margin improvement of 1.2 pts over 2023
                                                                                           • new call centre and digital investments
• Realized labour savings of more than $200 million from workforce restructuring
                                                                                           • other improvements to the customer service experience
  initiatives
                                                                                           • lower contracted rates from our suppliers
• Reduced capital expenditures by $684 million in 2024 to $3,897 million,
  consistent with a planned reduction in capital spending attributable to slower new       • rationalization of real estate footprint
  FTTP footprint expansion, regulatory decisions that discourage network                  • Continued reduction in capital expenditures and capital intensity (2)
  investment, and the realization of efficiencies from prior investments in digital
  transformation initiatives                                                               • As a direct result of the CRTC’s rejection on February 3, 2025 of a
                                                                                             Governor-in-Council request to reconsider its November 2023 decision that
• Delivered productivity improvements and cost efficiencies resulting from the               provided large carriers temporary wholesale tariffed access to Bell’s FTTP
  expansion of Bell’s all-fibre network footprint and service innovations enabled by         network, we expect to reduce our capital expenditures by more than we
  new broadband technologies                                                                 anticipated would be the case for 2025. Consequently, our near-term fibre build
                                                                                             target of 8.3 million locations by the end of 2025 will not be reached.




(1) Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.
(2) Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.

                                                                                                                                                                             35
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives



2.6           Engage and invest in our people and create a sustainable future
              Strengthening our inclusive workplace culture, recognizing                                            2025 focus
              that Bell’s success requires a dynamic and engaged team
              that is committed to the highest ESG standards.                                                       • Enable skills and career development to support Bell’s operational transformation
                                                                                                                    • Evolve talent and leadership development programs
2024 progress                                                                                                       • Support a holistic, company-wide engagement and communication strategy
• Named one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers for the tenth consecutive year by                                         • Continue HR transformation to drive self-service, automation, process simplification
  Mediacorp (1)                                                                                                       and cost structure improvements
• Named one of Canada’s Top Employers for Young People for the eighth                                               • Continue our leading workplace programs for the mental health and well-being of
  consecutive year by Mediacorp (2)                                                                                   all Bell team members
• Named one of Canada’s Top Family-Friendly Employers for the fifth consecutive                                     • Continue to implement our action plan to achieve carbon neutral operations
  year by Mediacorp (3)
                                                                                                                    • Enhance our Be Cyber Savvy program for employees, further advancing their
• Named a Montréal Top Employer for the 12th consecutive year by Mediacorp (4)                                        cybersecurity knowledge and awareness
• Introduced a new AI assistant powered by Generative AI technology for team
  members, offering a wide range of capabilities to enhance their productivity and
  creativity
• As part of our collaboration with Microsoft to bring new solutions to Canadian
  businesses, Bell adopted Microsoft 365 as its cloud collaboration platform,
  advancing the company’s own digital transformation, and helping to foster greater
  collaboration and productivity across teams
• Introduced the Welcome Hub, Bell’s onboarding solution for new hires powered
  by ServiceNow and developed in partnership with FX Innovation, improving the
  employee experience while facilitating preboarding tasks and centralizing
  administrative steps and procedures
• Ranked the most sustainable telecom globally for the second year in a row and
  34th overall in the Corporate Knights Global 100 2025 ranking of the most
  sustainable corporations in the world (5)
• Named to the Canada’s Best 50 Corporate Citizens list compiled by Corporate
  Knights for a third consecutive year, ranking 19th overall (6)
• Named one of Canada’s Greenest Employers for the eighth straight year (7)
• Named the top telecom and ranked 3rd overall in the Globe and Mail’s Road to
  Net Zero report (8)




(1) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top 100 Employers” in years 2016 to 2025 by Canada’s Top Employers, an editorial competition organized by Mediacorp Canada Inc., a publisher of employment periodicals. Winners
    are evaluated and selected based on their industry leadership in offering exceptional workplaces for their employees. Employers are compared to others in their field to determine which offers the most progressive and forward-
    thinking programs.
(2) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top Employers for Young People” in years 2018 to 2025 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on programs offered to attract and retain young
    employees, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(3) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top Family-Friendly Employers” in years 2020 to 2024 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners were evaluated and selected based on the programs and initiatives offered to help
    employees balance work and family commitments, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(4) Bell was recognized as one of “Montréal’s Top Employers” in years 2013 to 2024 by Canada’s Top Employers. Winners were evaluated and selected based on progressive and forward-thinking programs offered in a variety of
    areas, when compared to other organizations in the same field.
(5) In January 2025, Corporate Knights Inc., a sustainable-economy media and research company, ranked BCE #1 among telecom providers and #34 overall in its global 2025 ranking of the World’s 100 Most Sustainable
    Corporations. The ranking is based on an assessment of more than 8,000 public companies with revenue over US $1 billion whose fiscal year ends between July 1 2023, and June 30, 2024. All companies are scored on
    applicable metrics relative to their peers, with 50% of the weight assigned to sustainable revenue and sustainable investment.
(6) In June 2024, Corporate Knights Inc. ranked BCE #19 overall in its ranking of Canada’s best 50 corporate citizens. The annual ranking is based on a set of 25 ESG indicators that compares Canadian companies with a gross
    revenue of at least $1 billion. Eligible companies include: Canadian-headquartered privately held companies and Canadian Crown corporations with at least $1 billion annual revenue, Canadian-listed companies with more than
    $1 billion annual revenue, companies included in S&P/TSX Renewable Energy and Clean Technology Index (all revenues), top 10 largest Canadian cooperative organizations by revenue, top 10 credit unions by assets under
    management and those with at least 100,000 members and all 2023 Best 50 companies. All companies are scored on up to 25 KPIs covering resource management, employee management, financial management, sustainable
    revenue and sustainable investment and supplier performance in comparison to their peer group, with 50% of each company’s score assigned to sustainable revenue and sustainable investment.
(7) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Greenest Employers” in years 2017 to 2024 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners were selected and evaluated based on the unique environmental initiatives and programs they
    have developed; the extent to which they have been successful in reducing the organization’s own environmental footprint; the degree to which their employees are involved in these programs and whether they contribute any
    unique skills; and the extent to which these initiatives have become linked to the employer’s public identity, attracting new employees and clients to the organization.
(8) In February 2024, the Globe and Mail ranked Bell 3rd in their ranking of Canadian companies with strong management leading them on the Road to Net Zero. The ranking is based on Sustainalytics’ analysis of thousands of
    data points to calculate the Low-Carbon Transition Rating (LCTR) score. To date, it has rated 8,000 companies globally, including 260 publicly-traded corporations in Canada.

36       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks




3 Performance targets, outlook,
  assumptions and risks
This section provides information pertaining to our performance against 2024 targets, (1) our consolidated business outlook and operating assumptions for 2025
and our principal business risks.



3.1         BCE 2024 performance
Financial                   2024                 2024
measure                     target               performance and results
Revenue growth              Approx. (1.5%)       (1.1%)         BCE revenues declined by 1.1% in 2024, compared to 2023, driven by both lower product and service revenues of 5.2% and 0.4%,
                                                                respectively, due to reduced product and service revenues from Bell CTS, partly mitigated by higher Bell Media revenues.

Adjusted EBITDA             1.5% to 4.5%         1.7%           BCE adjusted EBITDA grew by 1.7% in 2024, compared to 2023, attributable to a greater contribution from our Bell CTS and Bell
growth                                                          Media segments, reflecting lower operating costs, moderated by reduced operating revenues.

Net earnings growth         No target            (83.9%)        In 2024, net earnings decreased by 83.9%, compared to 2023, mainly due to higher impairment of assets primarily at our Bell Media
                            provided                            segment due to a further decline in advertising demand and spending in the linear advertising market, higher severance, acquisition
                                                                and other costs, higher interest expense and higher depreciation and amortization, partly offset by lower income taxes, higher
                                                                adjusted EBITDA and lower other expense.

Capital intensity           Below 16.5%          16.0%          Capital expenditures were $3,897 million in 2024, down $684 million or 14.9% over last year, corresponding to a capital intensity ratio
                                                                of 16.0%, down 2.6 pts year over year. This decline is consistent with a planned reduction in capital spending, primarily driven by
                                                                slower FTTP footprint expansion, regulatory decisions that discourage network investment, and the realization of efficiencies from
                                                                prior investments in digital transformation initiatives.

Net earnings per share      No target            (92.1%)        Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2024 decreased by $1,913 million, or $2.10 per common share, compared to
(EPS) growth                provided                            2023, mainly due to higher impairment of assets primarily at our Bell Media segment, higher severance, acquisition and other costs,
                                                                higher interest expense and higher depreciation and amortization, partly offset by lower income taxes, higher adjusted EBITDA and
                                                                lower other expense.

Adjusted net earnings       (7%) to (2%)         (5.3%)         Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically
per share (adjusted                                             hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments in associates and joint ventures, net
EPS) (2) growth                                                 gains (losses) on investments, early debt redemption costs and impairment of assets, net of tax and non-controlling interest (NCI),
                                                                adjusted net earnings in 2024 was $2,773 million, or $3.04 per common share, compared to $2,926 million, or $3.21 per common
                                                                share, in 2023.

Cash flows from             No target            (12.1%)        In 2024, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities of $6,988 million decreased by $958 million, compared to 2023, mainly due to
operating activities        provided                            lower cash from working capital, higher interest paid, higher severance and other costs paid and higher income taxes paid, partly
growth                                                          offset by higher EBITDA.

Free cash flow growth       (11%) to (3%)        (8.1%)         Free cash flow of $2,888 million in 2024 decreased by $256 million compared to 2023, mainly due to lower cash flows from operating
                                                                activities, excluding cash from acquisition and other costs paid, partly offset by lower capital expenditures.

Annualized dividend         $3.99 per share      $3.99 per      Annualized dividend per BCE common share for 2024 increased by $0.12 cents, or 3.1%, to $3.99 compared to $3.87 per share in
per common share                                 share          2023.




(1) As announced in a news release issued on November 7, 2024, and available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca, we revised our revenue guidance for 2024 downward from a range of 0% to 4%, previously announced on
    February 8, 2024, to a decline of approximately 1.5%. All other financial guidance targets remained unchanged.
(2) Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

                                                                                                                                                                                                            37
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks



3.2        Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance, anticipated reductions in capital expenditures, network
deployment plans, and business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this
MD&A.


2025 outlook
We expect wireless and broadband competitive pricing flowthrough pressure from            Our strategic priorities in 2025 centre on:
2024, lower subscriber loadings, decreased wireless product sales and higher              • Maintaining focus on higher value mobile phone and Internet subscribers and
media content and programming costs to impact revenue and adjusted EBITDA.                  growth in bundled households
We expect restrained enterprise customer spending on traditional network
products and services, and a continued market shift by wireless customers to              • Continuing to accelerate our business markets growth in cloud, security and
bring-your-own-device (BYOD) mobile phone transactions. Additionally, our                   workflow automation services
strategic distribution partnership with Best Buy Canada will result in a further          • Continued digital advertising and direct-to-consumer streaming growth
decrease in revenue in 2025 due to the timing of The Source store closures and
transition to Best Buy Express in 2024. As this revenue is largely consumer               Despite competitive and economic pressures on revenue and adjusted EBITDA, we
electronics related, the impact on BCE’s adjusted EBITDA will not be material             anticipate a higher adjusted EBITDA margin in 2025 enabled by savings from
given low margins for such products. While declines in legacy voice and data and          transformation initiatives, including a reduced workforce, and other operating
traditional media revenues are expected to continue to weigh on BCE’s adjusted            efficiencies. We expect a slowdown of our fibre build in Canada and efficiencies from
EBITDA, our fibre, 5G wireless, B2B solutions business and digital media continue         transformation initiatives to drive lower capital expenditures, which is expected to
to present attractive growth opportunities.                                               drive higher free cash flow.



Assumptions
Assumptions about the Canadian economy                                                    Market assumptions
Our forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions concerning the            • A higher level of wireline and wireless competition in consumer, business and
Canadian economy. These assumptions do not incorporate the imposition of wide-              wholesale markets
ranging U.S. tariffs on imports from Canada and retaliatory tariffs by the Canadian
                                                                                          • Higher, but slowing, wireless industry penetration
government on a wide range of goods coming from the U.S. Given the fast-
evolving situation and the high degree of uncertainty around the duration and             • A shrinking data and voice connectivity market as business customers migrate to
extent of trade wars, it is difficult to predict how the effects would flow-through the     lower-priced telecommunications solutions or alternative OTT competitors
economy. New tariffs could significantly affect the outlooks for economic growth,         • The Canadian traditional TV and radio advertising markets are expected to be
customer spending, inflation and the Canadian dollar. In particular, we have                impacted by audience declines as the advertising market growth continues to shift
assumed:                                                                                    towards digital
• Strengthening economic growth, given the Bank of Canada’s most recent                   • Declines in broadcasting distribution undertaking (BDU) subscribers driven by
  estimated growth in Canadian gross domestic product of 1.8% in 2025,                      increasing competition from the continued rollout of subscription video on demand
  representing an increase from 1.3% in 2024                                                (SVOD) streaming services together with further scaling of OTT aggregators
• Slower population growth because of government policies designed to slow
  immigration                                                                             Assumptions underlying expected continuing
• Growth in consumer spending supported by past decreases in interest rates               contribution holiday in 2025 in the majority
• Modest growth in business investment underpinned by past declines in interest           of our pension plans
  rates
                                                                                          • At the relevant time, our defined benefit (DB) pension plans will remain in funded
• Relatively stable level of consumer price index (CPI) inflation                           positions with going concern surpluses and maintain solvency ratios that exceed
• Ongoing labour market softness                                                            the minimum legal requirements for a contribution holiday to be taken for applicable
                                                                                            DB and defined contribution (DC) components
• Interest rates expected to remain at or near current levels
                                                                                          • No significant declines in our DB pension plans’ financial position due to declines in
• Canadian dollar expected to remain near current levels. Further movements may             investment returns or interest rates
  be impacted by the degree of strength of the U.S. dollar, interest rates and
  changes in commodity prices.                                                            • No material experience losses from other events such as through litigation or
                                                                                            changes in laws, regulations or actuarial standards

38     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks



3.3        Principal business risks
Provided below is a summary description of certain of our principal business risks       the effects would flow-through the economy. The global economic environment could
that could have a material adverse effect on all of our segments. Certain additional     further exacerbate pre-existing risk factors, including those described in this MD&A,
business segment-specific risks are reported in section 5, Business segment              in light of modest Canadian economic growth, reductions in immigration levels, high
analysis. For a detailed description of the principal risks relating to our regulatory   housing support costs relative to income, and financial and capital market volatility.
environment and of the other principal business risks that could have a material         All of these could negatively affect our business and financial results, including by
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or     adversely affecting customer spending and the resulting demand for our products
reputation, refer to section 8, Regulatory environment and section 9, Business           and services, our customers’ financial condition, and the cost and amount of funding
risks, respectively.                                                                     available in the financial markets.
                                                                                         Furthermore, risk factors including, without limitation, those described in this MD&A,
General economic conditions                                                              could be exacerbated, or become more likely to materialize, as a result of
and geopolitical events                                                                  geopolitical events, which could have an adverse impact on our business or future
                                                                                         financial results and related assumptions, the extent of which is difficult to predict.
Our business and financial results could be negatively affected by adverse               Geopolitical events could adversely impact the global economy and cause financial
economic conditions, including trade wars and recessions. Trade wars resulting           and capital market volatility, broader geopolitical instability and armed conflicts,
from the imposition of U.S. tariffs on imports from Canada and retaliatory tariffs by    higher energy prices, inflationary pressures limiting consumer and business
the Canadian government on goods coming from the U.S. could significantly affect         spending and increasing our operating costs, disruptions in our supply chain and
economic growth, customer spending, inflation and the Canadian dollar. Given the         increased information security threats.
fast-evolving situation and high degree of uncertainty around the duration and
extent of tariffs that could be imposed, it is difficult to predict how



Competitive environment


Competitive activity in our industry is intense and competitive dynamics are             Technology substitution, IP networks and recent regulatory decisions, in particular,
evolving, contributing to disruptions in each of our business segments                   continue to facilitate entry in our industry. In addition, the effects of government
                                                                                         policies that result in the acquisition of spectrum at favourable pricing by regional
Our market landscape is being reshaped by changing macroeconomic and                     facilities-based wireless service providers distort market dynamics. These factors
regulatory environments, increasing global and national competition, and evolving        have changed industry economics and allowed competitors to launch new products
customer preferences. As our business evolves and technological advances drive           and services and gain market share with far less investment in financial, marketing,
new services, delivery models and strategic partnerships, our competitive                human, technological and network resources than has historically been required. In
landscape continues to intensify and expand to include new and emerging                  particular, with regulatory decisions mandating wholesale rates for wireline Internet
competitors, certain of which were historically our partners or suppliers, as well as    and mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) access, competitors can deliver their
global-scale competitors, including, in particular, cloud and OTT service providers,     services over our networks, leveraging regulatory obligations applicable to us,
IoT hardware and software providers, VoIP providers, and other web-based and             therefore limiting their need to invest in building their own networks and impacting
satellite-based players that are penetrating the communications space with               the network-based differentiation of our services and our ability to earn an
significant resources and a large customer base over which to amortize costs.            appropriate return on investment in our networks. Such lower required investment by
Certain of these competitors are changing the competitive landscape by                   competitors and impact on our return on investment challenges the monetization of
establishing a material market presence, which has accelerated in recent years.          our networks and our operating model. Moreover, foreign OTT players are currently
Established competitors further seek to consolidate or expand their product              not subject to the same Canadian content investment obligations as those imposed
offerings through acquisitions in order to increase scale and market opportunities       on Canadian domestic digital suppliers, which provides them with a competitive
in light of these changes in market dynamics. Failure to effectively respond to such     advantage over us.
evolving competitive dynamics could adversely affect our business and financial
results.                                                                                 New technologies create a potential for diversifying our product and service offerings
                                                                                         and create growth opportunities. However, if we are unable to develop and deploy
                                                                                         new solutions in advance of or concurrently with our competitors, if the market does
                                                                                         not adopt these new technologies in pace with our deployment of new solutions, or if
                                                                                         we fail to adequately assess and manage the risks associated with these new
                                                                                         solutions, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.

                                                                                                                                                                             39
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

We expect these trends to continue in the future, and the increased competition we       • The launch by Canadian and international competitors of low earth orbit (LEO)
face as a result could negatively impact our business including, without limitation,       satellites, as well as partnerships between Canadian telcos and LEO satellite
in the following ways:                                                                     connectivity providers, and between governments and LEO satellite connectivity
• Competitors’ aggressive market offers, combined with heightened customer                 providers, to provide connectivity, including in rural areas and the North, intensifies
  sensitivity around pricing, could lead to pricing pressures, lower margins and           competition, which could adversely affect our network deployment strategy in such
  increased costs of customer acquisition and retention, and our market share and          areas and negatively impact demand for our connectivity services. The ability of
  sales volumes could decrease if we do not match competitors’ pricing levels or           our subsidiary Northwestel, operating in Canada’s North, to respond to the
  increase customer acquisition and retention spending                                     competitive threat from these providers is further hampered by CRTC retail Internet
                                                                                           regulations.
• Adverse economic conditions, such as economic downturns or recessions, high
  interest rates and elevated inflation, adverse conditions in the financial markets,    • Increased insolvency, spending rationalization and consolidation by business
  reductions in immigration levels, or a declining level of retail and commercial          customers could lead to further disruptions in our Bell CTS segment, driven by
  activity, could have a negative impact on the demand for, and prices of, our             technology substitution, economic factors and customers’ operational efficiencies
  wireline, wireless and media products and services, and improve the competitive        • The pressure from simpler, lower-cost, agile service models is driving in-sourcing
  position of lower-cost providers                                                         trends, which could have an adverse impact on our managed services business
• Regulatory decisions regarding wholesale access to our wireless and fibre              • Greater customer adoption of services like 5G, as well as IoT services and
  networks could facilitate entry of new competitors, including OTT players,               applications in the areas of retail (e.g., home automation), business (e.g., remote
  strengthen the market position of current competitors, or encourage existing             monitoring), transportation (e.g., connected car and asset tracking) and urban city
  competitors to expand beyond their traditional footprint, which may negatively           optimization (smart cities), combined with the increased use of AI, is expected to
  impact our retail subscriber base in favour of lower-margin wholesale subscribers        accelerate competition in these areas
  and thus could negatively impact our capacity to optimize scale and invest in our      • Subscriber and viewer growth and retention are challenged by changing viewer
  networks                                                                                 habits, optionality, higher costs for consumers and content providers, as well as the
• The acceleration of disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business            expansion and continued market penetration of global scale low-cost OTT content
  segments could adversely affect our business and financial results                       providers, OTT aggregators and other alternative service providers, some of which
• Should our value proposition on pricing, network, speed, service or features not         may offer content and platforms as loss leaders to support their core business, as
  be considered sufficient for customers in light of available alternatives, or should     well as account stacking, CRTC arbitration and a fragmentation of audiences due
  our products and services not be provided over customers’ preferred delivery             to an abundance of choices
  channels, this could lead to increased churn and slowing revenue growth                • Competition, with both global competitors and traditional Canadian TV competitors,
• The shift to online transactions could cause a reduction in in-store traffic, which      for programming content could drive significant increases in content acquisition and
  could adversely impact our ability to leverage our extensive retail network to           development costs as well as reduced access to key content as some competitors
  increase the number of subscribers and sell our products and services                    withhold content to enhance their OTT service offering

• The convergence of wireline and wireless services is impacting product purchase        • The proliferation of content piracy could negatively impact our ability to monetize
  choice by customers and could increase product substitution in favour of lower-          products and services beyond our current expectations, while creating bandwidth
  margin products as well as increase churn. These trends are expected to                  pressure without corresponding revenue growth in the context of regulated
  increase with the continued adoption of 5G and 5G+.                                      wholesale high-speed Internet access rates

• Increased embedded SIM (eSIM) adoption makes it easier for customers to                • Our ability to grow digital and other alternative advertising revenue, in the context
  change service providers and has the potential to upend existing distribution            of a changing and fragmented advertising market, is being challenged by global-
  models, including negatively impacting roaming revenue                                   scale players

• The extent and timely rollout of fibre networks and 5G and 5G+ mobile services         • Traditional radio faces accelerated substitution from new music players and
  may be adversely impacted by government and regulatory decisions, constraints            alternative streaming services such as those offered by global audio streaming
  on access to and price of network equipment, labour shortages and potential              players and those made available by new technologies, including smart car
  operational challenges in delivering new technology                                      services

• Cloud-based and OTT-based substitution and the market expansion of lower-cost          For a further discussion of our competitive environment and related risks, as well as
  VoIP, collaboration and software-defined networking in a wide area network (SD         a list of our main competitors, on a segmented basis, refer to Competitive landscape
  WAN) solutions offered by local and global competitors, such as traditional            and industry trends and Principal business risks in section 5, Business segment
  software players, are changing our approach to service offerings and pricing and       analysis.
  could have an adverse effect on our business

40     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


Regulatory environment and compliance


Our regulatory environment influences our strategies, and adverse                     Failure to proactively address our legal and regulatory obligations, and our
governmental or regulatory decisions could have negative financial,                   involvement in various claims and legal proceedings, could have an adverse
operational, reputational or competitive consequences for our business                effect on our business, financial performance and reputation
Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies     Changes in laws or regulations, or in how they are interpreted, and the adoption of
and departments such as the CRTC, Innovation, Science and Economic                    new laws or regulations, as well as pending or future litigation, could have an
Development Canada (ISED), Canadian Heritage and the Competition Bureau               adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation. The increase
continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as establishing and    in laws and regulations around customer interactions and the technological evolution
modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions, the        of our business further create an environment of complex compliance requirements
imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions,            that must be adequately managed. The failure to monitor and comply with legal or
broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and         regulatory obligations applicable to us could expose us to litigation, significant fines
cybersecurity obligations, and control of copyright piracy. As with all regulated     and penalties, and operational restrictions, as well as result in reputational harm.
organizations, strategies are contingent upon regulatory decisions. Adverse           Heightened focus on consumer protection through provincial legislation and
decisions by governments or regulatory agencies, increased regulation or lack of      regulatory consumer codes, as well as increased legal and regulatory pressure in
effective anti-piracy remedies could have negative financial, operational,            the areas of privacy, accessibility, data governance and other ESG topics, require
reputational or competitive consequences for our business.                            that we build and operationalize enhanced compliance frameworks and could further
                                                                                      increase the company’s exposure to investigations, litigation, sanctions, fines and
For a discussion of our regulatory environment and the principal risks related        reputational harm.
thereto, refer to section 8, Regulatory environment as well as the segment
discussion under Principal business risks in section 5.1, Bell CTS.                   We become involved in various claims and legal proceedings as part of our
                                                                                      business. For a description of important legal proceedings involving us, please see
                                                                                      the section entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2024 AIF.


Technology/infrastructure transformation


The evolution and transformation of our networks, systems and operations              and through enabling them to get what they want much faster through any channel,
using next-generation technologies, while lowering our cost structure, are            as well as limit our customers’ ability to receive products, services and content to
essential to effective competition and customer experience                            any device or location regardless of network access type. As a result, this could
                                                                                      have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
Globalization, increased competition and ongoing technological advances are
driving customer expectations for faster market responses, improved customer          Our network and IT evolution activities seek to use new as well as evolving and
service, enhanced user experiences and cost-effective delivery. Meeting these         developing technologies, including network functions virtualization, software-defined
expectations requires the deployment of new service and product technologies          networks, cloud technologies, multi-edge computing, open source software, “big
along with customer service tools that are network-neutral and based on a more        data”, IoT, AI and machine learning. These activities further seek to transform our
collaborative and integrated development environment. The availability of improved    networks and systems through consolidation, virtualization and automation to
networks and software technologies further provides the foundation for better and     achieve our objectives of becoming more agile in our service delivery and
faster connections, which have in turn led to a significant growth in IoT             operations, as well as providing omni-channel capabilities for our customers and
applications. Change can be difficult and may present unforeseen obstacles that       driving lower costs. Our evolution activities also focus on building next-generation
might impact successful execution, and this transition is made more challenging by    converged wireline and wireless networks leveraging smart-core technologies, to
the complexity of our multi-product environment, combined with the complexity of      enable competitive quality and customer experience at a competitive cost structure
our network and IT infrastructure.                                                    amid rapidly growing capacity requirements. Alignment across technology platforms,
                                                                                      product and service development and operations is increasingly critical to ensure
We are pursuing an operational transformation, which entails improving the            appropriate trade-offs and optimization of capital allocation. Failure to adopt best in
experience and value we deliver to customers enabled by modernized                    class technology practices in transforming our operations in order to enable a truly
infrastructure, simplified and automated business processes, and a right-sized cost   customer-centric service experience may hinder our ability to build customers’ trust
model.                                                                                in our innovation and technological capabilities and our ability to compete on
Failure to successfully pursue this transformation and accurately assess the          footprint, service experience and cost structure. Planning and executing multiple
potential of new technologies, make critical updates to existing network              complex projects within the desired delivery timelines can also be challenging. Any
capabilities, achieve cloud integration and fortify cybersecurity, or to invest and   one or more of the above could have an adverse impact on our business, financial
evolve in the appropriate direction in an environment of changing business models,    results and reputation.
could limit our ability to deliver value to our customers through easy and simple
buy and support interactions


                                                                                                                                                                           41
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

Customer retention and new customer acquisitions may be hindered during our             • We, and other telecommunications carriers upon which we rely to provide services,
transformation activities if such transformation causes poor service performance,         must be able to purchase high-quality, reputable network equipment and services
which in turn may adversely affect our ability to achieve operational and financial       from third-party suppliers on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost
objectives. Failure to quickly maximize adaptable infrastructures, processes and        • Network construction and deployment on municipal or private property requires the
technologies to efficiently respond to evolving customer patterns and behaviours          issuance of municipal or property owner consents, respectively, for the installation
and to leverage IP and automation across many facets of our network, product and          of network equipment, which could increase the cost of, and cause delays in, fibre
service portfolio could inhibit a fully customer-centric approach. This could reduce      and wireless rollouts
our ability to provide comprehensive self-serve convenience, real-time
provisioning, cost savings and flexibility in delivery and consumption, leading to      • The successful deployment of 5G mobile services could be impacted by various
negative business and financial outcomes.                                                 factors affecting coverage and costs

We further seek to expand our network footprint to enhance our value proposition        • Higher demand for faster Internet speed and capacity, coupled with governmental
and meet customer needs while deploying technologies to support growth.                   policies and initiatives, creates tensions around FTTP deployment in terms of
However, adverse government, regulatory or court decisions may impact the                 geographic preference and pace of rollout
specific nature, magnitude, location and timing of investment decisions. In             • The increasing dependence on applications for content delivery, sales, customer
particular, the requirement to provide aggregated access to our FTTP on a                 engagement and service experience drives the need for new and scarce
wholesale basis, lowering of rates by the CRTC of mandated wholesale services             capabilities (sourced internally or externally), that may not be available, as well as
over FTTP and/or FTTN, the imposition of unfavourable terms or the adoption of            the need for associated operating processes integrated into ongoing operations
unfavourable rates in arbitration processes associated with the facilities-based        • New products, services or applications could reduce demand for our existing, more
MVNO access service the CRTC has implemented, the potential for additional                profitable service offerings or cause prices for those services to decline, and could
mandated access to our networks, or the imposition of broader wholesale                   result in a shorter life cycle for existing or developing technologies, which could
obligations on wireless networks would undermine the incentives for facilities-           increase depreciation and amortization expense
based digital infrastructure providers to invest in next-generation wireline and
wireless networks. Failure to continue investment in next-generation capabilities in    • The decommissioning of legacy equipment could be challenged by customer and
a disciplined, timely and strategic manner could limit our ability to compete             regulatory requirements to continue using older technologies as well as inherent
effectively and to achieve desired business and financial results.                        risks involved with transitioning to new systems

Other examples of risks that could affect the achievement of our desired                • As content providers’ business models change, content consumption habits evolve
technology/infrastructure transformation include the following:                           and viewing options increase, our ability to aggregate and distribute relevant
                                                                                          content and our ability to develop alternative delivery vehicles to compete in new
• Failure to have our people, processes and culture evolve to a cross-functional          markets and increase customer engagement and revenue streams may be
  approach to minimize business unit silos and promote a holistic “One Bell”              hindered by the significant software development and network investment required
  mindset may impact our transformation initiatives
                                                                                        • Successfully managing the development and deployment of relevant product
• The current global economic environment as well as geopolitical events may              solutions on a timely basis to match the speed of adoption of IoT in the areas of
  bring about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment,           retail, business and government could be challenging
  materials and resources, which may impact our ability to continue building next-
  generation converged networks and drive other transformation initiatives              • Customers continue to expect improvements in customer service, new functions
                                                                                          and features, and reductions in the price charged to provide those services. Our
• Challenges in hiring, retaining, insourcing, and developing technical and skilled       ability to provide such improvements increasingly relies upon using a number of
  resources could adversely impact transformation activities. Potential deterioration     rapidly evolving technologies, including AI and machine learning. However, the use
  in employee morale and de-prioritization of transformation initiatives due to staff     of such technologies is being increasingly scrutinized by legislators and regulators.
  reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations could adversely affect our               If we cannot build market-leading competencies in the use of these emerging
  transformation and financial results.                                                   technologies in a way that respects societal values, we may not be able to continue
• Suboptimal capital deployment in network build, infrastructure and process              to meet changing customer expectations and to continue to grow our business.
  upgrades, and customer service improvements, could hinder our ability to
  compete effectively
• Cloud-based strategy with multiple service providers requires a different
  architecture framework and execution for each service provider which could slow
  the pace of our transformation
• Execution risk and lower or slower than expected savings achieved through
  targeted savings initiatives (e.g., vendor management, real estate optimization)
  could impact our ability to invest in the transformation

42     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis




4                Consolidated financial analysis

This section provides detailed information and analysis about BCE’s performance in 2024 compared with 2023. It focuses on BCE’s consolidated operating
results and provides financial information for our Bell CTS and Bell Media business segments. For further discussion and analysis of our business segments,
refer to section 5, Business segment analysis.



4.1           Introduction
BCE consolidated income statements
                                                                                                       2024            2023        $ change       % change

Operating revenues
   Service                                                                                          21,073          21,154             (81)          (0.4%)
   Product                                                                                           3,336           3,519            (183)          (5.2%)

Total operating revenues                                                                            24,409          24,673            (264)          (1.1%)
Operating costs                                                                                     (13,820)        (14,256)           436           3.1%
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                     10,589          10,417             172           1.7%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                               43.4%           42.2%                          1.2 pts
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                 (454)           (200)          (254)            n.m.
Depreciation                                                                                         (3,758)         (3,745)           (13)          (0.3%)
Amortization                                                                                         (1,283)         (1,173)          (110)          (9.4%)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                  (1,713)         (1,475)          (238)         (16.1%)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                           66            108             (42)         (38.9%)
Impairment of assets                                                                                 (2,190)          (143)         (2,047)            n.m.
Other expense                                                                                         (305)           (466)            161          34.5%
Income taxes                                                                                          (577)           (996)            419          42.1%

Net earnings                                                                                           375           2,327          (1,952)         (83.9%)
Net earnings attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                                                                 163           2,076          (1,913)         (92.1%)
   Preferred shareholders                                                                              181             187              (6)          (3.2%)
   NCI                                                                                                  31              64             (33)         (51.6%)

Net earnings                                                                                           375           2,327          (1,952)         (83.9%)
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                2,773           2,926            (153)          (5.2%)

EPS                                                                                                    0.18            2.28           (2.10)        (92.1%)
Adjusted EPS                                                                                           3.04            3.21           (0.17)         (5.3%)

n.m.: not meaningful

                                                                                                                                                         43
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


BCE statements of cash flows – selected information
                                                                                                                                                    2024                    2023           $ change             % change

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                               6,988                7,946                  (958)              (12.1%)
Capital expenditures                                                                                                                              (3,897)              (4,581)                  684                14.9%
Free cash flow                                                                                                                                     2,888                3,144                  (256)               (8.1%)


BCE operating revenues decreased by 1.1% in 2024, compared to last year, driven                                 BCE adjusted EBITDA grew by 1.7% in 2024, compared to last year, due to growth
by reduced product and service revenues of 5.2% and 0.4%, respectively. The                                     in both our Bell CTS and Bell Media segments, driven by lower operating costs,
decline in product revenues was attributable to lower consumer electronics sales at                             reflecting cost reduction initiatives, mainly attributable to workforce reductions, cost
The Source due to permanent store closures and conversion to Best Buy Express                                   containment and other operating efficiencies, partly offset by reduced operating
as part of our distribution partnership with Best Buy Canada, partly offset by                                  revenues. This resulted in an adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.4% in 2024, up 1.2 pts,
greater wireless device sales, mainly resulting from a higher sales mix of premium                              over last year, due to lower operating costs, coupled with a reduced proportion of
mobile phones, moderated by lower contracted volumes. The decline in service                                    low-margin product sales in our total revenue base, partly offset by lower service
revenues reflected greater acquisition, retention and bundle discounts on wireline                              revenue flow-through.
residential services, sustained wireless competitive pricing pressures, ongoing
erosion in legacy voice, and satellite TV revenues, and continued lower demand                                  In 2024, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities decreased by $958 million,
for traditional broadcast TV advertising. This was mitigated in part by higher                                  compared to 2023, mainly due to lower cash from working capital, higher interest
wireless, retail Internet and IPTV subscriber bases, along with the flow-through of                             paid, higher severance and other costs paid and higher income taxes paid, partly
rate increases, ongoing growth in media digital revenues, the contribution from                                 offset by higher EBITDA.
various acquisitions, and higher business solutions services revenue. (1)                                       Free cash flow decreased by $256 million in 2024, compared to 2023, mainly due to
In 2024, net earnings decreased by 83.9%, compared to 2023, mainly due to                                       lower cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash from acquisition and other
higher impairment of assets primarily at our Bell Media segment, higher severance,                              costs paid, partly offset by lower capital expenditures.
acquisition and other costs, higher interest expense and higher depreciation and
amortization, partly offset by lower income taxes, higher adjusted EBITDA and
lower other expense.




4.2             Customer connections


BCE net activations (losses)
                                                                                                                                                                     2024                     2023              % change

Mobile phone net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                                                                 309,517                  411,189                 (24.7%)
     Postpaid                                                                                                                                                    213,408                 426,172                  (49.9%)
     Prepaid                                                                                                                                                      96,109                  (14,983)                   n.m.
Mobile connected device net subscriber activations                                                                                                               310,882                 293,307                    6.0%
Retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                                                                            131,521                 187,126                  (29.7%)
Retail IPTV net subscriber activations                                                                                                                            21,614                   81,918                 (73.6%)
Retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                                                                         (187,426)                (176,612)                 (6.1%)
Total services net activations                                                                                                                                   586,108                 796,928                  (26.5%)

n.m.: not meaningful




(1) Business solutions services revenue within our BBM unit is comprised of managed services, which include network management, voice management, hosting and security, and professional services, which include consulting,
    integration and resource services.

44       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis

Total BCE customer connections
                                                                                                                                                                                       2024                   2023        % change

Mobile phone subscribers (1) (2) (4)                                                                                                                                          10,288,574              10,287,046                   –
   Postpaid (4)                                                                                                                                                                   9,530,436            9,422,830               1.1%
   Prepaid (1) (2)                                                                                                                                                                 758,138               864,216             (12.3%)
Mobile connected device subscribers                                                                                                                                               3,043,430            2,732,548              11.4%
Retail high-speed Internet subscribers (2) (3) (4)                                                                                                                                4,490,896            4,473,429               0.4%
Retail IPTV subscribers (3)                                                                                                                                                       2,132,953            2,070,342               3.0%
Retail residential NAS lines (3)                                                                                                                                                  1,834,191            2,021,617              (9.3%)
Total services subscribers (4)                                                                                                                                                21,790,044              21,584,982               1.0%

(1) In Q4 2024, we removed 124,216 Bell prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base as at December 31, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as of that date.
(2) In Q3 2024, we removed 77,971 Virgin Plus prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base as at September 30, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as of that date.
    Additionally, as a result of a recent CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services, we are no longer able to resell cable Internet services to new customers in our wireline footprint as of September 12, 2024,
    and consequently we removed all of the existing 106,259 cable subscribers in our wireline footprint from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as of that date.
(3) In Q2 2024, we increased our retail IPTV subscriber base by 40,997 to align the deactivation policy for our Fibe TV streaming services to our traditional Fibe TV service. While in Q2 2023, our retail high-speed Internet, retail
    IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 35,080, 243 and 7,458 subscribers, respectively, as a result of small acquisitions.
(4) In Q1 2024, we adjusted our mobile phone postpaid subscriber base to remove very low to non-revenue generating business market subscribers of 105,802. Additionally, in Q1 2024 our retail high-speed Internet subscriber
    base increased by 3,850 business subscribers as a result of a small acquisition. We also removed 11,645 turbo hubs subscribers from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base in Q1 2024, as we are no longer actively
    marketing this product in our wireless-to-the-home footprint. Lastly, as of Q1 2024, we are no longer reporting retail satellite TV subscribers as this no longer represents a significant proportion of our revenues. As a result,
    satellite TV subscribers have been removed from our retail TV subscriber base, and we now report exclusively retail IPTV subscribers.



BCE added 586,108 net retail subscriber activations in 2024, down 26.5%                                              At December 31, 2024, BCE’s retail subscriber connections totaled 21,790,044, up
compared to last year. The net retail subscriber activations in 2024 consisted of:                                   1.0% year over year, and consisted of:
• 309,517 mobile phone net subscriber activations, along with 310,882 mobile                                         • 10,288,574 mobile phone subscribers, stable year over year, and 3,043,430 mobile
  connected device net subscriber activations                                                                          connected device subscribers, up 11.4% year over year
• 131,521 retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                      • 4,490,896 retail high-speed Internet subscribers, up 0.4% year over year
• 21,614 retail IPTV net subscriber activations                                                                      • 2,132,953 retail IPTV subscribers, up 3.0% year over year
• 187,426 retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                    • 1,834,191 retail residential NAS lines, down 9.3% year over year



4.3           Operating revenues
BCE
Revenues
(in $ millions)




                                                                                                                                                                           2024           2023          $ change          % change


                                                                       Bell CTS                                                                                         21,619         21,926               (307)             (1.4%)
                                                                       Bell Media                                                                                        3,151           3,117                 34              1.1%
                                                                       Inter-segment eliminations                                                                         (361)           (370)                 9              2.4%
                                                                       Total BCE operating revenues                                                                     24,409         24,673               (264)             (1.1%)



BCE
BCE operating revenues in 2024 decreased by 1.1% over last year, driven by lower product revenues of 5.2% and lower service revenues of 0.4%. The year-over-year
decline in operating revenues was attributable to lower Bell CTS revenues of 1.4%, from both lower product revenues of 5.2% and reduced service revenues of 0.7%, driven
by continued erosion in wireline voice revenues, partly offset by higher wireline data and wireless revenues. The growth in Bell Media operating revenues of 1.1% moderated
the decline in BCE operating revenues, reflecting higher advertising and other revenues, partly offset by lower subscriber revenues.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    45
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.4           Operating costs
BCE                                                                                                                     BCE
Operating costs                                                                                                         Operating cost profile
(in $ millions)




                                                                                                                                                        2024                   2023               $ change            % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                                                            (11,788)               (12,206)                    418               3.4%
Bell Media                                                                                                                                           (2,393)                (2,420)                     27               1.1%
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                                              361                     370                      (9)            (2.4%)
Total BCE operating costs                                                                                                                           (13,820)               (14,256)                    436               3.1%

(1) Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(2) Labour costs (net of capitalized costs) include wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits, post-employment benefit plans service cost, and other labour costs, including contractor and outsourcing costs.
(3) Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, IT costs, professional service fees and rent.


BCE
BCE operating costs decreased by 3.1% in 2024, compared to last year, due to lower expenses in Bell CTS of 3.4% and Bell Media of 1.1%, reflecting cost reduction
initiatives, mainly attributable to workforce reductions, cost containment and other operating efficiencies, as well as lower cost of goods sold associated with the product
revenue decline and lower content costs at Bell Media.



4.5           Net earnings
BCE                                                                         In 2024, net earnings decreased by 83.9%, compared to 2023, mainly due to higher impairment of assets primarily
Net earnings                                                                at our Bell Media segment due to a further decline in advertising demand and spending in the linear advertising
(in $ millions)                                                             market, higher severance, acquisition and other costs, higher interest expense and higher depreciation and
                                                                            amortization, partly offset by lower income taxes, higher adjusted EBITDA and lower other expense.




46       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.6          Adjusted EBITDA
BCE                                                        BCE
Adjusted EBITDA                                            Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                            (in $ millions)
                                                           (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




                                                                                                                 2024                   2023       $ change           % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                        9,831               9,720               111               1.1%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                         45.5%               44.3%                                1.2 pts
Bell Media                                                                                                       758                    697             61               8.8%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                         24.1%               22.4%                                1.7 pts
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                     10,589              10,417               172               1.7%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                         43.4%               42.2%                                1.2 pts


BCE
BCE adjusted EBITDA increased by 1.7% in 2024, compared to 2023, driven by growth from both our Bell CTS and Bell Media segments of 1.1% and 8.8%, respectively,
due to lower operating costs, partly offset by reduced operating revenues. This resulted in an adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.4% in 2024, up 1.2 pts over last year,
attributable to lower operating costs, along with a reduced proportion of low-margin product sales in our total revenue base, moderated by lower service revenue
flow-through.



4.7          Severance, acquisition and other costs
This category includes various income and expenses that are not related directly to the operating revenues generated during the year. This includes severance costs
consisting of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations, as well as transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed
or potential acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired companies into our operations, costs related to
litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other costs.


BCE                                                                                      2024
Severance, acquisition
                                                                                         Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
and other costs
(in $ millions)                                                                          • Severance costs of $383 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee
                                                                                           terminations
                                                                                         • Acquisition and other costs of $71 million

                                                                                         2023
                                                                                         Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
                                                                                         • Severance costs of $134 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee
                                                                                           terminations
                                                                                         • Acquisition and other costs of $66 million




                                                                                                                                                                             47
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.8          Depreciation and amortization
The amount of our depreciation and amortization in            BCE                                                  BCE
any year is affected by:                                      Depreciation                                         Amortization
                                                              (in $ millions)                                      (in $ millions)
• How much we invested in new property, plant and
  equipment and intangible assets in previous years
• How many assets we retired during the year
• Estimates of the useful lives of assets




Depreciation                                                                       Amortization
Depreciation in 2024 increased by $13 million, compared to 2023, mainly due to a   Amortization in 2024 increased by $110 million, compared to 2023, mainly due to a
higher asset base as we continued to invest in our broadband and wireless          higher asset base.
networks.



4.9          Finance costs
BCE                                         BCE                                    Interest expense
Interest expense                            Net return on
(in $ millions)                                                                    Interest expense in 2024 increased by $238 million, compared to 2023, mainly due
                                            post-employment                        to higher average debt balances and higher interest rates.
                                            benefit plans
                                            (in $ millions)
                                                                                   Net return on post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                   Net return on our post-employment benefit plans is based on market conditions that
                                                                                   existed at the beginning of the year as well as the net post-employment benefit plan
                                                                                   asset (liability). On January 1, 2024, the discount rate was 4.6% compared to 5.3%
                                                                                   on January 1, 2023.
                                                                                   In 2024, net return on post-employment benefit plans decreased by $42 million,
                                                                                   compared to last year, as a result of a lower discount rate in 2024 and a lower net
                                                                                   asset position.
                                                                                   The impacts of changes in market conditions during the year are recognized in Other
                                                                                   comprehensive income (loss) (OCI).


48       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.10 Impairment of assets
2024                                                                                                                                    BCE
                                                                                                                                        Impairment of assets
During the third quarter of 2024, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell Media TV services and radio markets, due to a     (in $ millions)
further decline in advertising demand and spending in the linear advertising market. Accordingly, impairment testing was required
for certain groups of cash generating units (CGUs) as well as for goodwill for the Bell Media group of CGUs.
We recognized $958 million of impairment charges for English and French TV services and radio markets within our Bell Media
segment. These charges included $627 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences and brands,
$144 million allocated to program and feature film rights, $85 million allocated to property, plant and equipment for network and
infrastructure and equipment, $85 million allocated to software, $10 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets mainly for
trademarks, and $7 million allocated to prepaid expenses.
In Q3 2024, we recorded $1,132 million of impairment charges for goodwill at Bell Media.
Additionally in 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $100 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces
we ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.

2023
During the fourth quarter of 2023, we recognized $86 million of impairment charges for French TV channels within our Bell Media
segment. The impairment charges were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from economic
uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to market-based valuation assumptions. These charges included $41 million allocated to
indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences and brands, and $45 million to finite-life intangible assets for program and
feature film rights.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill.
Additionally in 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $57 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces
we ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.



4.11 Other expense
Other (expense) income includes income and expense items, such as:                                                                      BCE
• Net mark-to-market gains or losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans            Other expense
                                                                                                                                        (in $ millions)
• Equity income or losses from investments in associates and joint ventures
• Gains or losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
• Gains or losses on investments, including gains or losses when we dispose of, write down or reduce our ownership in investments
• Early debt redemption costs
• Interest income




For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                    2024         2023

Net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans                                 (269)        (103)
Equity (losses) income from investments in associates and joint ventures
   Loss on investment                                                                                                                             (247)        (581)
   Operations                                                                                                                                       10           28
(Losses) gains on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                                 (38)          11
Interest income                                                                                                                                    123          67
Gains on investments                                                                                                                                57          80
Early debt redemption costs                                                                                                                          –          (1)
Other                                                                                                                                               59          33

Total other expense                                                                                                                               (305)        (466)

                                                                                                                                                                  49
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


2024                                                                                       2023
Other expense of $305 million included net mark-to-market losses on derivatives            Other expense of $466 million included losses on our equity investments in
used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans,                  associates and joint ventures which included a loss on BCE’s share of an obligation
losses on our equity investments in associates and joint ventures, which included a        to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in MLSE and net mark-to-market
loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority              losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
interest in MLSE and losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and            compensation plans, partly offset by gains on our investments as a result of the sale
equipment and intangible assets, partly offset by interest income and gains on our         of our 63% ownership in certain production studios and higher interest income.
investments mainly related to an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority
interest in one of our subsidiaries.



4.12 Income taxes
BCE                                                                      The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with
Income taxes                                                             income taxes calculated at a statutory income tax rate of 26.8% for both 2024 and 2023.
(in $ millions)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31                                                   2024             2023

                                                                         Net earnings                                                                      375           2,327
                                                                         Add back income taxes                                                             577             996
                                                                         Earnings before income taxes                                                      952           3,323
                                                                         Applicable statutory tax rate                                                   26.8%           26.8%

                                                                         Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                              (255)           (891)
                                                                         Non-taxable portion of gains on investments                                        18               5
                                                                         Uncertain tax positions                                                             4              16
                                                                         Impairment of goodwill                                                           (303)              –
                                                                         Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                        1              10
                                                                         Non-taxable portion of equity losses                                              (66)           (149)
                                                                         Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                3               –
                                                                         Other                                                                              21              13
                                                                         Total income taxes                                                               (577)           (996)

                                                                         Average effective tax rate                                                      60.6%           30.0%


                                                                         Income taxes in 2024 decreased by $419 million, compared to 2023, mainly due to lower taxable
                                                                         income.




4.13 Net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS
BCE                                               BCE                                              BCE                                     BCE
Net earnings attributable                         EPS                                              Adjusted net earnings                   Adjusted EPS
to common shareholders                            (in $)                                           (in $ millions)                         (in $)
(in $ millions)




50       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis

Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2024 decreased by                 Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market
$1,913 million, or $2.10 per common share, compared to 2023, mainly due to            gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
higher impairment of assets primarily at our Bell Media segment, higher severance,    compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments in associates and joint
acquisition and other costs, higher interest expense and higher depreciation and      ventures, net gains (losses) on investments, early debt redemption costs and
amortization, partly offset by lower income taxes, higher adjusted EBITDA and         impairment of assets, net of tax and NCI, adjusted net earnings in 2024 was
lower other expense.                                                                  $2,773 million, or $3.04 per common share, compared to $2,926 million, or
                                                                                      $3.21 per common share, in 2023.



4.14 Capital expenditures


BCE                                                          BCE capital expenditures of $3,897 million in 2024, along with a corresponding capital intensity ratio of
Capital expenditures                                         16.0%, declined by 14.9% and 2.6 pts, respectively, over 2023, consistent with a planned reduction in capital
(in $ millions)                                              spending, primarily driven by slower FTTP footprint expansion, regulatory decisions that discourage network
Capital intensity                                            investment, and the realization of efficiencies from prior investments in digital transformation initiatives.
(%)




4.15 Cash flows
In 2024, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities          BCE                                                        BCE
decreased by $958 million, compared to 2023, mainly          Cash flows from operating activities                       Free cash flow
due to lower cash from working capital, higher interest      (in $ millions)                                            (in $ millions)
paid, higher severance and other costs paid and higher
income taxes paid, partly offset by higher EBITDA.
Free cash flow decreased by $256 million in 2024,
compared to 2023, mainly due to lower cash flows from
operating activities, excluding cash from acquisition
and other costs paid, partly offset by lower capital
expenditures.




                                                                                                                                                                       51
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS




5 Business segment analysis

5.1           Bell CTS
Financial performance analysis
2024 performance highlights
Bell CTS                                                               Bell CTS
Revenues                                                               Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                                        (in $ millions)
                                                                       (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




Total mobile                                      Mobile phone                                  Mobile phone                                   Mobile phone                                  Mobile phone
phone                                             postpaid net                                  prepaid net                                    postpaid                                      blended average
subscribers (1) (2) (4)                           subscriber                                    subscriber                                     churn in 2024 (5)                             revenue per
in 2024                                           activations                                   activations                                                                                  user (ARPU) (1) (2) (4) (6)
                                                  in 2024                                       in 2024                                                                                      per month


10.3 million                                      213,408 96,109                                                                               1.33%                                         (2.0%)
Flat vs. 2023                                     Decreased (49.9%)                             vs. net losses of (14,983)                     Increased 0.18 pts                            2024: $57.90
                                                  vs. 2023                                      in 2023                                        vs. 2023                                      2023: $59.08




Retail high-speed                                 Retail high-speed                             Retail IPTV                                    Retail IPTV                                   Retail residential
Internet                                          Internet                                      subscriber                                     net subscriber                                NAS lines
subscriber                                        net subscriber                                growth (3)                                     activations                                   subscriber decline (3)
growth (2) (3) (4)                                activations in 2024                                                                          in 2024


+0.4%                                             131,521 +3.0%                                                                                21,614                                        (9.3%)
in 2024                                           Decreased (29.7%)                             in 2024                                        Decreased (73.6%)                             in 2024
                                                  vs. 2023                                                                                     vs. 2023




(1) In Q4 2024, we removed 124,216 Bell prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base as at December 31, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as of that date.
(2) In Q3 2024, we removed 77,971 Virgin Plus prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base as at September 30, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as of that date.
    Additionally, as a result of a recent CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services, we are no longer able to resell cable Internet services to new customers in our wireline footprint as of September 12, 2024,
    and consequently we removed all of the existing 106,259 cable subscribers in our wireline footprint from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as of that date.
(3) In Q2 2024, we increased our retail IPTV subscriber base by 40,997 to align the deactivation policy for our Fibe TV streaming services to our traditional Fibe TV service. While in Q2 2023, our retail high-speed Internet, retail
    IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 35,080, 243 and 7,458 subscribers, respectively, as a result of small acquisitions.
(4) In Q1 2024, we adjusted our mobile phone postpaid subscriber base to remove very low to non-revenue generating business market subscribers of 105,802. Additionally, in Q1 2024 our retail high-speed Internet subscriber
    base increased by 3,850 business subscribers as a result of a small acquisition. We also removed 11,645 turbo hubs subscribers from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base in Q1 2024, as we are no longer actively
    marketing this product in our wireless-to-the-home footprint.
(5) Mobile phone churn is defined as the rate at which existing mobile phone subscribers cancel their services. Refer to section 11.6, KPIs in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(6) Mobile phone blended ARPU is defined as Bell CTS wireless external services revenues divided by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified period, expressed as a dollar unit per month.

52        BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

Bell CTS results
Revenues
                                                                                                                    2024               2023       $ change        % change

Wireless                                                                                                           7,149              7,120            29              0.4%
Wireline data                                                                                                      8,117              8,084            33              0.4%
Wireline voice                                                                                                     2,672              2,862           (190)            (6.6%)
Other wireline services                                                                                              318               312               6             1.9%
External service revenues                                                                                         18,256           18,378             (122)            (0.7%)

Inter-segment service revenues                                                                                        27                29              (2)            (6.9%)
Operating service revenues                                                                                        18,283           18,407             (124)            (0.7%)

Wireless                                                                                                           2,715              2,885           (170)            (5.9%)
Wireline                                                                                                             621               634             (13)            (2.1%)
External/Operating product revenues                                                                                3,336              3,519           (183)            (5.2%)

Total external revenues                                                                                           21,592           21,897             (305)            (1.4%)
Total operating revenues                                                                                          21,619           21,926             (307)            (1.4%)


Bell CTS operating revenues declined by 1.4% in 2024, compared to last year,          • Wireline voice revenues declined by 6.6% in 2024, compared to last year,
due to both lower product and service revenues. The year-over-year service              primarily due to:
revenue decline was driven by continued erosion in wireline voice revenues,            • Ongoing retail residential NAS lines erosion, combined with business voice
moderated by wireline data and wireless revenues growth.                                 declines, driven by technological substitution to wireless and Internet-based
Bell CTS operating service revenues decreased by 0.7% in the year, compared              services
to 2023.                                                                               • Greater acquisition, retention and bundle discounts on residential services
• Wireless revenues increased by 0.4% in 2024, compared to last year, driven by:       These factors were partly offset by:
 • Continued growth in our mobile phone and connected device subscriber bases          • Flow-through of residential rate increases
   coupled with the flow-through of rate increases
                                                                                      Bell CTS operating product revenues decreased by 5.2% in the year, compared to
 These factors were partly offset by:                                                 last year.
 • Greater competitive pricing pressures on rate plans experienced throughout
                                                                                      • Wireless operating product revenues declined by 5.9% year over year, due to
   the year
                                                                                        lower consumer electronics sales from The Source as a result of permanent store
 • Lower data overages driven by increased customer adoption of monthly plans           closures and conversion to Best Buy Express as part of our distribution partnership
   with higher data thresholds, including unlimited plans                               with Best Buy Canada, and reduced wireless device sales from lower contracted
                                                                                        volumes, partly offset by a greater sales mix of premium mobile phones
• Wireline data revenues grew by 0.4% in 2024, compared to 2023, mainly driven
  by:                                                                                 • Wireline operating product revenues declined by 2.1% in 2024, compared to last
                                                                                        year, attributable to exceptionally strong traditional infrastructure sales to large
 • Higher retail Internet and IPTV subscriber bases, along with the flow-through of     enterprise customers in 2023, mainly due to the recovery from global supply chain
   residential rate increases                                                           disruptions experienced in 2022, partly offset by higher land mobile radio systems
 • The contribution from FX Innovation, acquired in June 2023, along with other         sales to the government sector
   small acquisitions
 • Greater business solutions services sales to enterprise customers, including
   security and cloud growth
 These factors were partly offset by:
 • Increased acquisition, retention and bundle discounts on residential services
 • Continued erosion in our satellite TV subscriber base along with IP broadband
   and legacy data revenue declines

                                                                                                                                                                           53
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

Operating costs and adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                                                                        2024                     2023             $ change           % change

Operating costs                                                                                                                                     (11,788)                 (12,206)                  418                  3.4%
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                                       9,831                     9,720                  111                  1.1%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                                               45.5%                     44.3%                                   1.2 pts


Bell CTS operating costs decreased by 3.4% in 2024, compared to 2023, due to:                                     These factors were partly offset by:
• Cost reduction initiatives, resulting from workforce reductions, permanent                                      • Greater costs from FX Innovation, acquired in June 2023, and other small
  closures of The Source stores as part of our distribution partnership with Best                                   acquisitions
  Buy Canada, as well as automation-enabled operating efficiencies                                                • Increased bad debt expense
• Lower cost of goods sold associated with the decline in product revenues                                        • Higher costs associated with the growth in business solutions services revenue
• Savings from lower call volumes to our customer service centres
                                                                                                                  Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA increased by 1.1% in 2024, compared to last year,
                                                                                                                  driven by lower operating costs, partly offset by reduced operating revenues.
                                                                                                                  Adjusted EBITDA margin of 45.5% in 2024, increased by 1.2 pts over 2023, due to
                                                                                                                  lower costs, attributable to various cost reduction initiatives and operating
                                                                                                                  efficiencies, along with a reduced proportion of low-margin product sales in our total
                                                                                                                  revenue base, partly offset by lower service revenue flow-through.



Bell CTS operating metrics
Wireless
                                                                                                                                                        2024                    2023              Change             % change

Mobile phones
Blended ARPU (1) (2) (3) ($/month)                                                                                                                   57.90                    59.08                (1.18)                  (2.0%)
Gross subscriber activations                                                                                                                     2,351,507                2,224,555              126,952                    5.7%
     Postpaid                                                                                                                                    1,641,053                1,608,503               32,550                   2.0%
     Prepaid                                                                                                                                       710,454                  616,052               94,402               15.3%
Net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                                                                309,517                  411,189             (101,672)             (24.7%)
     Postpaid                                                                                                                                      213,408                  426,172             (212,764)             (49.9%)
     Prepaid                                                                                                                                         96,109                  (14,983)            111,092                    n.m.
Blended churn % (average per month)                                                                                                                  1.67%                    1.51%                                 (0.16) pts
     Postpaid                                                                                                                                        1.33%                    1.15%                                 (0.18) pts
     Prepaid                                                                                                                                        5.28%                   5.31%                                    0.03 pts
Subscribers (1) (2) (3)                                                                                                                         10,288,574              10,287,046                  1,528                   –
   Postpaid (3)                                                                                                                                  9,530,436                9,422,830              107,606                   1.1%
  Prepaid (1) (2)                                                                                                                                  758,138                  864,216             (106,078)             (12.3%)
Mobile connected devices
Net subscriber activations                                                                                                                         310,882                  293,307               17,575                   6.0%
Subscribers                                                                                                                                      3,043,430                2,732,548              310,882               11.4%

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) In Q4 2024, we removed 124,216 Bell prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base as at December 31, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as of that date.
(2) In Q3 2024, we removed 77,971 Virgin Plus prepaid mobile phone subscribers from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base as at September 30, 2024, as we stopped selling new plans for this service as of that date.
(3) In Q1 2024, we adjusted our mobile phone postpaid subscriber base to remove very low to non-revenue generating business market subscribers of 105,802.



Mobile phone blended ARPU of $57.90 decreased by 2.0% in 2024, compared to                                        Mobile phone gross subscriber activations grew by 5.7% in 2024, compared to
last year, driven by:                                                                                             2023, due to both higher postpaid and prepaid gross subscriber activations.
• Greater competitive pricing pressures on rate plans experienced throughout the                                  • Mobile phone postpaid gross subscriber activations increased by 2.0% in
  year                                                                                                              2024, compared to last year, driven by the population growth experienced in the
• Lower data overages due to greater customer adoption of monthly plans with                                        first half of the year, along with continued 5G momentum, partly offset by greater
  higher data thresholds, including unlimited plans                                                                 competitive intensity and lower contribution from The Source given store
                                                                                                                    conversions to Best Buy Express and a decline in foreign student volumes
These factors were partly offset by:                                                                                reflecting government-imposed student visa caps
• Flow-through of rate increases
• The favourable impact from the Q1 2024 adjustment to our mobile phone
  postpaid subscriber base to remove very low to non-revenue generating business
  market subscribers of 105,802

54       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

• Mobile phone prepaid gross subscriber activations increased by 15.3% in                                               Mobile phone subscribers at December 31, 2024 totaled 10,288,574, essentially
  2024, compared to last year, driven by expanded retail distribution and effective                                     stable, compared to the 10,287,046 subscribers reported at the end of 2023. This
  Lucky Mobile promotional offers                                                                                       consisted of 9,530,436 postpaid subscribers, an increase of 1.1% from
                                                                                                                        9,422,830 subscribers reported at the end of 2023, and 758,138 prepaid
Mobile phone net subscriber activations decreased by 24.7% in 2024,                                                     subscribers, a decrease of 12.3% from 864,216 subscribers reported at the end of
compared to 2023, due to lower postpaid net subscriber activations, partly offset by                                    last year. As at December 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024 we removed
greater prepaid net subscriber activations.                                                                             124,216 Bell prepaid mobile phone subscribers and 77,971 Virgin Plus prepaid
• Mobile phone postpaid net subscriber activations decreased by 49.9% in                                                mobile phone subscribers, respectively, from our prepaid mobile phone subscriber
  2024, compared to last year, due to greater subscriber deactivations, partly offset                                   base as we stopped selling new plans for these services as of those dates.
  by higher subscriber gross activations                                                                                Additionally, in Q1 2024, we adjusted our mobile phone postpaid subscriber base to
                                                                                                                        remove very low to non-revenue generating business market subscribers of
• Mobile phone prepaid net subscriber activations increased by 111,092 year
                                                                                                                        105,802.
  over year, due to higher gross activations and fewer subscriber deactivations
                                                                                                                        Mobile connected device net subscriber activations increased by 6.0% in 2024,
Mobile phone blended churn of 1.67% in 2024, increased by 0.16 pts, compared
                                                                                                                        compared to last year, mainly due to higher IoT net activations.
to 2023.
• Mobile phone postpaid churn of 1.33% in 2024 increased by 0.18 pts year over                                          Mobile connected device subscribers at December 31, 2024 totaled 3,043,430 up
  year, due to higher subscriber deactivations driven by greater competitive market                                     11.4% from 2,732,548 subscribers reported at the end of 2023.
  activity and promotional offer intensity compared to last year
• Mobile phone prepaid churn of 5.28% in 2024, decreased by 0.03 pts,
  compared to 2023, due to lower subscriber deactivations driven by successful
  retention offers on Lucky Mobile, moderated by the impact of more attractive
  promotional offers on postpaid discount brands, particularly in the early part of
  the year


Wireline data
Retail high-speed Internet
                                                                                                                                                               2024                   2023          Change               % change

Retail net subscriber activations                                                                                                                         131,521                 187,126          (55,605)                 (29.7%)
Retail subscribers (1) (2) (3)                                                                                                                          4,490,896                4,473,429          17,467                    0.4%

(1) As a result of a recent CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services, we are no longer able to resell cable Internet services to new customers in our wireline footprint as of September 12, 2024, and
    consequently we removed all of the existing 106,259 cable subscribers in our wireline footprint from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as of that date.
(2) In Q1 2024, we removed 11,645 turbo hubs subscribers from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as we are no longer actively marketing this product in our wireless-to-the-home footprint. Additionally, our retail high-
    speed Internet subscriber base increased by 3,850 business subscribers as a result of a small acquisition.
(3) In Q2 2023, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base increased by 35,080 as a result of small acquisitions.



Retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations decreased by 29.7% in                                             our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as we are no longer actively marketing
2024, compared to last year, mainly due to more aggressive promotional offers by                                        this product in our wireless-to-the-home footprint. Additionally, in Q1 2024, our retail
competitors offering cable, fixed wireless and satellite Internet services, as well as                                  high-speed Internet subscriber base increased by 3,850 business subscribers due to
less new fibre footprint expansion, slowing market growth and a higher number of                                        a small acquisition. Finally, as a result of a recent CRTC decision on wholesale high-
customers coming off of promotional offers.                                                                             speed Internet access services, we are no longer able to resell cable Internet
                                                                                                                        services to new customers in our wireline footprint as of September 12, 2024, and
Retail high-speed Internet subscribers totaled 4,490,896 at December 31, 2024,                                          consequently we removed all of the existing 106,259 cable subscribers in our
up 0.4% from 4,473,429 subscribers reported at the end of 2023. In Q1 2024, we                                          wireline footprint from our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base as of that date.
removed 11,645 turbo hubs subscribers from


Retail IPTV
                                                                                                                                                              2024                    2023           Change              % change

Retail IPTV net subscriber activations                                                                                                                     21,614                   81,918          (60,304)                (73.6%)
Retail IPTV subscribers (1) (2)                                                                                                                        2,132,953                 2,070,342           62,611                    3.0%

(1) In Q2 2024, we increased our retail IPTV subscriber base by 40,997 to align the deactivation policy for our Fibe TV streaming services to our traditional Fibe TV service.
(2) In Q2 2023, our retail IPTV subscriber base increased by 243 as a result of small acquisitions.



Retail IPTV net subscriber activations decreased by 73.6% in 2024, compared                                             Retail IPTV subscribers at December 31, 2024 totaled 2,132,953, up 3.0% from
to 2023, attributable to lower gross activations from our Fibe TV streaming services                                    2,070,342 subscribers reported at the end of 2023. In Q2 2024, we increased our
due to our focus on growing higher-valued subscribers, along with less pull-through                                     retail IPTV subscriber base by 40,997 to align the deactivation policy for our Fibe TV
as a result of lower Internet activations, increased competitive intensity and greater                                  streaming services to our traditional Fibe TV service.
substitution with OTT services.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   55
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

Wireline voice
                                                                                                                                                      2024            2023           Change        % change

Retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                                                           (187,426)       (176,612)         (10,814)          (6.1%)
Retail residential NAS lines (1)                                                                                                                 1,834,191       2,021,617        (187,426)           (9.3%)

(1) In Q2 2023, our retail residential NAS lines subscriber base increased by 7,458 subscribers as a result of small acquisitions.



Retail residential NAS lines net losses increased by 6.1% in 2024, compared to                                         Retail residential NAS lines of 1,834,191 at December 31, 2024, declined by 9.3%
last year, from lower gross activations resulting from the continued substitution to                                   from 2,021,617 lines reported at the end of 2023. The 2024 rate of erosion of 9.3%
wireless and Internet-based technologies, as well as less pull-through on lower                                        has deteriorated over the 7.7% experienced in 2023, mainly due to the impact of
Internet activations, mitigated in part by fewer customer deactivations.                                               small acquisitions made in 2023.



Competitive landscape and industry trends
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.

Competitive landscape                                                                                                  Wireline products and services
Wireless products and services                                                                                         An estimated 7.6 million Internet subscribers received their service over the
                                                                                                                       networks of the three largest cable companies at the end of 2024, compared to an
The Canadian wireless industry experienced low single-digit service revenue                                            estimated 7.5 million subscribers at the end of 2023. Meanwhile, an estimated
growth in 2024, which was largely attributable to continued customer growth                                            7.7 million Internet subscribers received their service over the networks of incumbent
despite slowing immigration and population growth. With penetration rates in other                                     local exchange carriers (ILECs) like Bell at the end of 2024, compared to
developed geographies (U.S., Europe and Asia) well above 100%, the Canadian                                            approximately 7.6 million at the end of 2023. Bell continues to make gains in market
mobile phone penetration rate is expected to continue to increase, above and                                           share as a result of the ongoing expansion of our FTTP direct fibre network and
beyond the approximate rate of 93% for 2024, in line with the trend toward multiple                                    increased customer penetration of bundled service offerings. Our ongoing focus on
devices, and the ongoing adoption of mobile devices and services.                                                      FTTP and its superior characteristics as compared to cable, such as higher and
In 2024, the Canadian wireless industry continued to experience heightened levels                                      symmetrical download and upload speeds and greater reliability, has allowed us to
of competition nationally, particularly amongst flanker brands. This competitive                                       connect approximately 7.8 million homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the
intensity has contributed to ongoing base rate plan pricing pressure, driving                                          Atlantic provinces and Manitoba to our pure fibre technology. Notably, Bell pure fibre
pressure to service revenue and offsetting subscriber growth. Additionally,                                            Internet was awarded fastest in Canada in Ookla’s Q3-Q4 2024 Speedtest Awards
continued declines in chargeable data usage driven by rising levels of data                                            report for the fourth consecutive time. Bell was also awarded most trusted high-
allocation in monthly plans, including unlimited data plans, as well as other                                          speed Internet provider for Wi-Fi performance/Wi-Fi connectivity for the sixth
ongoing factors, such as the popularity of data sharing plans, including family                                        consecutive time from BrandSpark’s Most Trusted Awards.
plans, and an evolving shift in the customer mix toward non-traditional mobile                                         While many Canadians still watch conventional TV, digital streaming platforms are
devices and tools such as video chats, along with increased adoption of                                                playing an increasingly important role in the broadcasting industry and in the
Canada-U.S.-Mexico plans, are further eroding revenues. The roll-out of 5G                                             distribution of content. Popular online video services are providing Canadians with
network infrastructure continued in 2024, with 5G coverage by the national carriers                                    more choice about where, when and how to access video content. In 2024, ILECs
reaching approximately 88% of the Canadian population at the end of 2024,                                              offering IPTV service expanded their combined subscriber base by an estimated 1%
compared to approximately 86% at the end of 2023. For Bell, our long-standing                                          to reach 3.5 million customers, or a 39% market share, up compared to
focus on network excellence is reflected in the recognition we received from                                           approximately 37% at the end of 2023, through wider network coverage, enhanced
independent third-party sources, including being recognized as Canada’s fastest                                        differentiated services and bundled offerings, and marketing and promotions focused
and best 5G and 5G+ networks by GWS in its 2024 nationwide assessment of 5G                                            on IPTV. Canada’s three largest cable companies had an estimated 4.5 million TV
networks. This marks the third consecutive year Bell has earned this recognition                                       subscribers, or a 50% market share at the end of 2024, unchanged from 2023. The
for its 5G network and the second consecutive year for its 5G+ network.                                                balance of industry subscribers were served by satellite TV and regional providers.
The Canadian wireless industry remains highly competitive and capital-intensive                                        In recent years, two of the largest Canadian cable companies have launched new
among facilities-based providers, as carriers continue to expand and enhance their                                     TV services based on the Comcast X1 video platform – Rogers and Québecor’s
broadband wireless networks, including the ongoing build-out of 5G and                                                 Vidéotron brand. Our IPTV platform (Fibe TV, Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV)
operationalization of spectrum.                                                                                        continues to offer numerous service advantages compared to this cable platform,
                                                                                                                       including: flexible pricing plans and packages available to all customers; picture
Competitors for wireless products and services
                                                                                                                       clarity and quality; content depth and breadth; the number of ways customers can
• Facilities-based national wireless service providers Rogers, the Telus Corporation                                   access content, including wireless set-top boxes, Restart TV, higher-capacity PVR
  group of companies (Telus) and Québecor Inc. (Québecor)                                                              and the Fibe TV app. We continue to offer more on-demand content and more OTT
• Regional    facilities-based wireless service    providers    Saskatchewan                                           content with Crave, Netflix, Prime Video and YouTube all in one place.
  Telecommunications Holding Corporation, which provides service in
  Saskatchewan; Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), which provides service in
  the three Maritime provinces


56       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

The financial performance of the overall Canadian wireline telecommunications            Industry trends
market continues to be impacted by the ongoing declines in legacy voice service
revenues resulting from technological substitution to wireless and OTT services, as      Wireless products and services
well as by the ongoing conversion to IP-based data services and networks by large
                                                                                         Wireless growth continues to be driven by the ongoing increase in data usage and
business customers. Canada’s three largest cable companies had an estimated
                                                                                         adoption, including: higher-value smartphones, unlimited data offerings, shared
combined base of approximately 2.5 million telephony subscribers at the end of
                                                                                         family data plans, IoT devices, as well as mobile access and related data services.
2024, representing a national residential market share of approximately 41%,
                                                                                         These trends are expected to drive the growing demand for wireless data services
unchanged from 2023. Telecommunications companies had an estimated
                                                                                         for the foreseeable future, particularly as the industry continues to shift to 5G.
combined total of 3.0 million telephony subscribers at the end of 2024,
                                                                                         However, these growth opportunities are being offset by competitive pricing
representing a market share of approximately 49%, unchanged from 2023. Other
                                                                                         pressures and declining data overage revenues as adoption of unlimited data plans
non-facilities-based competitors also offer local and long distance VoIP services
                                                                                         increases. Consequently, industry ARPU is expected to continue to remain
and resell high-speed Internet services.
                                                                                         pressured for the foreseeable future. As a result of increased competitive intensity,
Competitors for wireline products and services                                           the industry continues to see greater adoption of BYOD additions, resulting in
                                                                                         increased switching activity between carriers. Furthermore, recent government
• Cable TV providers offering cable TV, Internet and cable telephony services,           objectives to slow immigration growth in Canada, including fewer international
  including:                                                                             student permits, could impact future industry subscriber growth and may lead to
 • Rogers in Ontario, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, British                  increased competitive intensity.
   Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba
                                                                                         While LTE and LTE-A technologies increase download speeds, encourage data
 • Vidéotron in Québec                                                                   usage and enhance the customer experience, growth in data traffic poses
 • Cogeco Cable Inc. (a subsidiary of Cogeco Inc.) (Cogeco) in Ontario and               challenges to mobile access technology. To better manage this data traffic, Canadian
   Québec                                                                                providers continue to evolve their networks and deploy spectrum to support the shift
                                                                                         to 5G. Although the millimetre wave (mmWave) band is important for the expansion
 • Shaw Direct, providing satellite TV service nationwide                                of 5G networks, ISED has not yet indicated when the mmWave spectrum auction will
 • Eastlink in every province except Saskatchewan, where it does not provide             commence.
   cable TV and Internet service
                                                                                         IoT technologies connect communications-enabled devices via wireless
• Telus provides residential voice, Internet and IPTV services in British Columbia,      technologies, allowing them to exchange key information and share processes.
  Alberta and Eastern Québec                                                             Advanced platforms and networks are already in place in industries such as
                                                                                         transportation and logistics, utilities and fleet management, with deployment ongoing
• Telus and Allstream Inc. (Allstream) provide wholesale products and business
                                                                                         in other sectors, including smart cities, manufacturing, retail, food services,
  services across Canada
                                                                                         consumer utilities, and connected cars. These industries are adopting IoT solutions,
• Various others such as TekSavvy Solutions and Vonage Canada (a division of             combined with other applications, to digitally transform their operations and generate
  Vonage Holdings Corp.) offer resale or VoIP-based local, long distance and             value from their connections. IoT presents a meaningful opportunity for growth in
  Internet services                                                                      wireless connectivity, which can deliver services to customers more efficiently. IoT
• LEO satellite providers offering Internet services                                     connectivity generally has a lower ARPU when sold as a stand-alone service, but
                                                                                         supports both revenue and margin growth, since it often leads to the sale of IoT
• OTT voice and/or video services, such as Zoom, Skype, Netflix, Prime Video,            applications or our other service offerings, enhancing customer account penetration
  Disney+ and YouTube                                                                    with additional services. In 2024, we added 310,882 mobile connected devices,
• Digital media streaming devices such as Apple TV, Roku and Google Chromecast           bringing our mobile connected device subscriber base to more than 3.0 million, up
                                                                                         11% from 2023.
• Other Canadian ILECs and cable TV operators
• Substitution to wireless services, including those offered by Bell
                                                                                         Wireline products and services
• Customized managed outsourcing solutions competitors, such as systems
  integrators CGI Inc. and IBM                                                           The wireline telecommunications market is expected to remain very competitive in
                                                                                         2025. Although the residential high-speed internet market is maturing, with a
• Wholesale competitors include cable operators, domestic competitive local              penetration rate of approximately 93% across Canada at the end of 2024, subscriber
  exchange carrier (CLEC)s, U.S. or other international carriers for certain services,   growth is expected to continue over the coming years. Technology substitution,
  and electrical utility-based telecommunications providers                              including the growth of wireless and VoIP services, is expected to continue to
• Competitors for home security range from local to national companies, such as          replace higher-margin legacy voice revenues, while digital streaming services and
  Telus, Rogers, Chubb Fire & Security and Stanley Security. Competitors also            other online content providers are expected to impact current linear TV services. Bell
  include do-it-yourself security providers such as Lorex and home automation            is an important provider of these substitution services and the decline in this legacy
  service providers such as Ring, Nest and Wyze.                                         business is continuing as expected.



                                                                                                                                                                            57
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

The popularity of viewing TV and on-demand content anywhere, particularly on            DOCSIS-related bandwidth enhancements and node splitting. Although the platform
handheld devices, is expected to continue to grow as customers adopt services           increases speed in the near term and is cost-efficient, it does not offer the advanced
that enable them to view content on multiple screens. Streaming media providers         capabilities of FTTP over the longer term, such as fast symmetrical upload and
continue to enhance OTT and DTC streaming services in order to compete for a            download speeds.
share of viewership, as viewing habits and consumer demand evolve.
Conventional TV content providers are monitoring OTT developments and seeking           In the business market, the convergence of IT and telecommunications, facilitated by
to adapt their content and market strategies to compete with these non-traditional      the ubiquity of IP, continues to shape the competitive environment, with
offerings. We view OTT as an opportunity to add further capabilities to our linear      non-traditional providers increasingly blurring the lines of competition and business
and on-demand assets, providing customers with flexible options to choose the           models. Cable companies continue to make investments to better compete in the
content they want and encouraging greater customer usage of Bell’s high-speed           highly contested small and medium-sized business space. Telecommunications
Internet and wireless networks. In 2024, we expanded the reach of our DTC               companies like Bell are providing network-centric managed applications that
streaming services through our agreement with Amazon, making Crave, TSN and             leverage their significant FTTP investments, while IT service providers are bundling
RDS available on Prime Video Channels in Canada. In 2025, Bell Media launched           network connectivity with their proprietary software-as-a-service (SaaS) offerings.
new bundle subscription options allowing viewers to combine Crave, TSN, and             The development of IP-based platforms, which provide combined IP voice, data and
RDS, with the Ultimate Entertainment and Sports Bundle plans.                           video solutions, creates potential cost efficiencies that compensate, in part, for
                                                                                        reduced margins resulting from the continuing shift from legacy to IP-based services.
The Canadian ILECs continue to make significant capital investments in                  The evolution of IT has created significant opportunities for our business markets
broadband networks, with a focus on FTTP, to maintain and enhance their ability to      services, such as cloud, security and workflow automation solutions, that can have a
support advanced IP-based services and higher broadband speeds. Cable                   greater business impact than traditional telecommunications services.
companies continue to evolve their cable networks with



Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance for 2025 and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic
priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

2025 outlook                                                                            Continued expansion of our retail Internet and IPTV subscriber bases is expected to
                                                                                        be supported by a broader FTTP service footprint together with higher household
Our outlook for 2025 reflects an uncertain macroeconomic and regulatory                 penetration, further scaling of Bell’s app-based live TV streaming services and the
environment, and ongoing competitive pricing pressures. Our outlook also                introduction of new products and features. We will continue to focus on winning the
considers the superiority of fibre over cable, our 5G wireless services, enterprise     home by leveraging our symmetrical Internet speed advantage over cable, delivering
business solutions services and digital subscriptions, all of which present             the best customer experience with our products, and driving greater cross-sell
opportunities for growth. Additionally, our strategic distribution partnership with     penetration of higher value mobility and Internet households.
Best Buy Canada will result in a further decrease in revenue in 2025 due to the
timing of The Source store closures and transition to Best Buy Express in 2024. As      In our business markets, we expect an improving financial performance trajectory
this revenue is largely consumer electronics related, the impact on adjusted            predicated on higher product sales and project spending by large enterprise
EBITDA will not be material given low margins for such products.                        customers combined with wireless subscriber growth. However, as large enterprise
                                                                                        customers continue to look for opportunities to leverage low-cost technologies to
We are targeting stable revenue driven by continued subscriber base expansion           grow and transform the workforce of the future and face increased uncertainty about
and pricing changes, offset by the cumulative impact of 2024 competitive market         future economic conditions, spending on telecommunications services and products
pricing pressures.                                                                      is expected to be variable. In addition, ongoing customer migrations from traditional
Wireless subscriber growth is expected to be supported by an ongoing 5G upgrade         technologies to IP-based systems and demand for cheaper bandwidth alternatives
cycle, continued penetration growth and our continued focus on multi-product            will continue to impact business markets’ results in 2025. We intend to seek to offset
cross sales. We are focused on growing our wireless mobile phone subscriber             the revenue decline from traditional legacy telecommunications services by
base in a disciplined and cost-conscious manner as we manage increased                  continuing to develop market leading services and value enhancements to improve
competitive intensity and promotional activity across all regions and market            the client experience through services such as cloud, security and workforce
segments. We expect slightly declining mobile phone blended ARPU driven by the          automation solutions. Further, we intend to use marketing initiatives and other
flow-through of prior year competitive pricing pressures and reduced data overage       customer-specific strategies with the objective of slowing the pace of NAS erosion,
revenue resulting from the continued adoption of unlimited plans, partly offset by      while also investing in direct fibre expansion, 5G and new solutions in key portfolios
increased 5G subscriptions and pricing changes. We will also seek to achieve            such as Internet, private networks, voice and unified communications, cloud
higher revenues from IoT services and applications.                                     solutions, workflow automation, security solutions, cloud-based contact centre, IoT
                                                                                        and MEC. We will also continue to focus on delivering network-centric managed and
                                                                                        professional services solutions to large and medium-sized businesses that increase
                                                                                        the value of connectivity services.

58     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

We expect the overall level of competitive intensity in our small and medium-sized       • Continued scaling of technology services from recent acquisitions made in the
business markets to remain high, as cable operators and other telecom                      enterprise market through leveraging our sales channels with the acquired
competitors look to these customer segments as potential growth opportunities.             businesses’ technical expertise
We also intend to introduce service offerings that help drive innovative solutions       • Improving wireless handset device availability in addition to stable device pricing
and value for our small and medium-sized customers by leveraging Bell’s network            and margins
assets, broadband fibre footprint and service capabilities to expand our
relationships with them.                                                                 • Moderating deployment of direct fibre to incremental homes and businesses within
                                                                                           our wireline footprint
We are maintaining a sharp focus on our operating cost structure to help offset
                                                                                         • Continued growth in retail Internet subscribers
pressures related to customer growth and retention, the ongoing erosion of high-
margin wireline voice and other legacy revenues, and competitive repricing               • Increasing wireless and Internet-based technological substitution
pressures in our residential, business and wholesale markets. This, combined with        • Continued focus on the consumer household and bundled service offers for
further operating efficiencies enabled by our direct fibre footprint, changes in           mobility, Internet and content services
consumer behaviour and product innovation, digital adoption, product and service
enhancements, expanding self-serve capabilities, new call centre and digital             • Continued large business customer migration to IP-based systems
investments, other improvements to the customer service experience,                      • Ongoing competitive repricing pressures in our business and wholesale markets
management workforce reductions including attrition and retirements, and lower
contracted rates from our suppliers, is expected to deliver meaningful cost savings      • Traditional high-margin product categories challenged by large global cloud and
and productivity gains across the organization.                                            OTT providers of business voice and data solutions expanding into Canada with
                                                                                           on-demand services
Assumptions                                                                              • Increasing customer adoption of OTT services resulting in downsizing of TV
                                                                                           packages and fewer consumers purchasing BDU subscriptions services
• Stable or slight decrease in our market share of national operators’ wireless
                                                                                         • Realization of cost savings related to operating efficiencies enabled by our direct
  mobile phone net additions as we manage increased competitive intensity and
                                                                                           fibre footprint, changes in consumer behaviour and product innovation, digital and
  promotional activity across all regions and market segments
                                                                                           AI adoption, product and service enhancements, expanding self-serve capabilities,
• Ongoing expansion and deployment of 5G and 5G+ wireless networks, offering               new call centre and digital investments, other improvements to the customer
  competitive coverage and quality                                                         service experience, management workforce reductions including attrition and
• Continued diversification of our distribution strategy with a focus on expanding         retirements, and lower contracted rates from our suppliers
  DTC and online transactions                                                            • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of changes
• Slightly declining mobile phone blended ARPU due to competitive pricing                  in or implementation of regulations affecting our communication and technology
  pressure                                                                                 services business
• Continuing business customer adoption of advanced 5G, 5G+ and IoT solutions



Key growth drivers
• A greater number of customers on our 5G and 5G+ networks                               • Increasing FTTP and WTTP customer penetration
• Cross-sell to customers who do not have all their telecommunication services           • Continued growth in retail Internet and IPTV subscribers
  with Bell                                                                              • Expansion of our business customer relationships to drive higher revenue per
• Further expansion of FTTP footprint, but at a slower pace than during any                customer
  of 2020 to 2024                                                                        • Ongoing service innovation and product value enhancements



Principal business risks
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell CTS segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could have a
material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, Business risks.

Aggressive competition                                                                   Potential impact
Risk                                                                                     • Pressure on our revenue, adjusted EBITDA, ARPU, cash flows and churn would
                                                                                           likely result if wireless competitors continue to aggressively pursue new types of
• The intensity of competitive activity from national wireless operators, smaller or       price plans, increase discounts, offer shared plans based on sophisticated pricing
  regional facilities-based wireless service providers, non-traditional players and        requirements (e.g., instalments) or offer other incentives, such as cash-back for
  resellers                                                                                upgrade with old smartphone and multi-product bundles, in order to attract new
• The intensity of competitive activity coupled with the proliferation of instalment       customers
  and/or buy and pay later plans, and new wireline product launches for residential      • An increase in the intensity level of competitive activity for wireline services could
  customers (e.g., IoT, smart home systems and devices, innovative TV platforms,           result in lost revenue, higher churn and increased acquisition and retention
  etc.) and business customers (e.g., OTT VoIP, collaboration and SD WAN                   expenses, all of which would put pressure on Bell CTS’s adjusted EBITDA
  solutions) from national operators, non-traditional players and wholesalers,
  including the expanded offering of retail services based on wholesale access by
  large facilities-based competitors

                                                                                                                                                                              59
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS


Regulatory environment                                                                    Potential impact
Risk                                                                                      • Increased regulation could influence network investment and the market structure,
                                                                                            limit our flexibility, improve the business position of our competitors, limit network-
• Increased regulation of wireless services, pricing and infrastructure, such as            based differentiation of our services, and negatively impact the financial
  additional mandated access to wireless networks, establishing rates for                   performance of our Bell CTS segment
  mandated wireless services that are materially different from the rates we
  propose, and limitations placed on future spectrum bidding                              • In respect of the new aggregated wholesale high-speed access service mandated
                                                                                            on FTTP facilities: (i) the mandating of final rates that are materially different from
• In an interim decision (Interim Decision), the CRTC determined that aggregated            the rates we proposed could have a financial impact, (ii) while we are able to make
  access to Bell Canada’s FTTP facilities in Ontario and Québec should be                   use of wholesale FTTP in the traditional territory of Telus Communications Inc., and
  mandated on a temporary and expedited basis, and the CRTC set interim rates               vice versa, our traditional territory has a larger customer base than that of Telus
  that are materially lower than the rates we proposed, and which do not sufficiently       Communications Inc., giving the latter access to a larger base of potential new
  account for the investment required in these facilities. Subsequently, in a final         customers than we will gain access to; (iii) we and our brands that resell wholesale
  decision (Final Decision), the CRTC concluded its wholesale high-speed access             high-speed access services over competitors’ cable are no longer allowed to sell
  review and mandated the establishment of an aggregated wholesale high-speed               those services to new customers within our traditional wireline incumbent serving
  access service available on FTTP facilities to be provided by large ILECs in all          territory, and (iv) in the case of our existing wholesale high-speed access service,
  provinces as of February 13, 2025. The CRTC also prohibited incumbents from               the implementation of the rates for aggregated or disaggregated wholesale high-
  accessing wholesale high-speed access service over any technology, on a go                speed access services could change our investment strategy, especially in relation
  forward basis, within their traditional incumbent wireline territories. This new          to investment in next-generation wireline networks in smaller communities and rural
  service materially improves the business position of our competitors. Bell Canada         areas, improve the business position of our competitors, further accelerate
  had filed an appeal of the Interim Decision to the Governor-in-Council and the            penetration and disintermediation by OTT players, and negatively impact the
  latter released an order referring the Interim Decision back to the CRTC to               financial performance of our business
  reconsider, no later than 90 days after November 6, 2024, whether the three
  largest Internet service providers in Canada and their affiliates should be
  prohibited from using aggregated FTTP services in Ontario and Québec further to         Market environment, technological advancement
  tariffs approved by the CRTC. In a February 3, 2025 decision, the CRTC                  and changing customer behaviour
  determined that it would not vary the Interim Decision and would instead rule on
                                                                                          Risk
  the issue of whether Bell Canada, Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Telus
  Communications Inc. and their affiliates should be prohibited from using tariffed       • Slower subscriber growth due to high Canadian Internet and smartphone
  wholesale high-speed access services by summer 2025. Several parties have                 penetration, combined with potential pressures from the economic environment
  filed Part 1 applications asking the CRTC to review and vary several aspects of           and reduced discretionary spending, and reductions in immigration levels
  the Final Decision. In a motion dated September 12, 2024, Saskatchewan                  • With technological advancement, the traditional TV viewing model (i.e., a
  Telecommunications (SaskTel) has also sought leave to appeal the Final Decision           subscription for bundled channels) is challenged by an increasing number of legal
  to the Federal Court of Appeal. The Competitive Network Operators of Canada,              and illegal viewing options available in the market offered by traditional,
  Cogeco Communications Inc., Eastlink and SaskTel have also filed a joint appeal           non-traditional and global players, as well as increasing cord-cutting and cord-
  of the Final Decision to the Governor-in-Council. The latter must decide on this          shaving trends
  appeal on or before August, 13, 2025. At this point, Bell Canada is still assessing
  the impact of the Final Decision. If final rates are established that are different     • The proliferation of network technologies impacts business customers’ decision to
  from the interim rates, there is a risk they will be applied retroactively.               migrate to OTT, VoIP and/or leverage SD WAN architecture
• The courts could overturn the new wholesale rates the CRTC set for aggregated           • Changing customer habits further contribute to the erosion of NAS lines
  high-speed access service in 2021, which were much higher than the rates it had         Potential impact
  proposed in 2019. Although the Federal Court of Appeal rejected TekSavvy
  Solutions Inc.’s application to overturn those rates, the latter is now seeking leave   • A maturing wireline and wireless market with reductions in immigration levels could
  from the Supreme Court of Canada to challenge that decision.                              challenge subscriber growth and the cost of subscriber acquisition and retention,
                                                                                            putting pressure on the financial performance of our business
                                                                                          • Our market penetration and number of TV subscribers could decline as a result of
                                                                                            innovative offerings by BDUs and an increasing number of domestic and
                                                                                            non-domestic unregulated OTT providers, as well as a significant volume of
                                                                                            content piracy
                                                                                          • The proliferation of IP-based products, including OTT content and OTT software
                                                                                            offerings directly to consumers, may accelerate the disconnection of TV services or
                                                                                            the reduction of TV spending, as well as the reduction in business IT investments
                                                                                            by customers
                                                                                          • The ongoing loss of NAS lines challenges our traditional voice revenues and
                                                                                            compels us to develop other service offerings


60     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media



5.2 Bell Media
Financial performance analysis
2024 performance highlights
Bell Media                                                                Bell Media
Revenues                                                                  Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                                           (in $ millions)




Bell Media                                                                                        Bell Media
Revenue mix                                                                                       Revenue mix
(product)                                                                                         (line of business)




Bell Media results
Revenues
                                                                                                                                                   2024                   2023              $ change                 % change

External revenues                                                                                                                                2,817                   2,776                     41                    1.5%
Inter-segment revenues                                                                                                                             334                     341                     (7)                  (2.1%)
Bell Media operating revenues                                                                                                                    3,151                   3,117                     34                    1.1%


Bell Media operating revenues increased by 1.1% in 2024, compared to last                                           performance, partly offset by continued lower demand for traditional broadcast TV
year, driven by higher advertising and other revenues, partly offset by lower                                       advertising, primarily impacting conventional and entertainment specialty TV, and
subscriber revenues. Digital revenues (1) continued to contribute to the growth in                                  the unfavourable impact from content delays due to the Writers Guild of America
operating revenues, up 19.2% year over year.                                                                        (WGA) and the Screen Actors Guild and American Federation of Television and
• Advertising revenues increased by 2.8% in 2024, compared to 2023, driven by                                       Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA) strikes in 2023.
  higher digital advertising revenues, mainly attributable to increased bookings                                  • Subscriber revenues declined by 1.1% in 2024, compared to last year, due to
  from Bell Media’s strategic audience management (SAM) TV media sales tool                                         lower year-over-year BDU subscribers, partly offset by growth in Crave and sports
  along with growth in ad-supported subscription tiers on Crave and Connected TV.                                   streaming subscribers
  Additionally, advertising revenues were favourably impacted by higher OOH                                       • Other revenues increased year over year in 2024, primarily due to higher
  revenues from the acquisition of OUTEDGE in June 2024 and stronger sports                                         revenues from Formula 1 and the acquisition of OUTEDGE
  specialty TV




(1) Digital revenues are comprised of advertising revenue from digital platforms including websites, mobile apps, connected TV apps and OOH digital assets/platforms, as well as advertising procured through Bell digital buying
    platforms and subscription revenue from DTC services and video on demand services.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                              61
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media

Operating costs and adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                               2024                2023             $ change            % change

Operating costs                                                                                              (2,393)             (2,420)                  27                1.1%
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                758                  697                   61                8.8%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                       24.1%               22.4%                                    1.7 pts


Bell Media operating costs decreased by 1.1% in 2024, compared to last year,         • Noovo had 5 out of the top 15 most watched regular shows on French conventional
due to:                                                                                TV among viewers aged 25 to 54
• Restructuring initiatives undertaken over the past year as a result of the         • Bell Media continued to rank first in unique visitors, reach, total page views and
  unfavourable economic and broadcasting regulatory environments                       total page minutes in digital media in 2024 among Canadian broadcast and video
• Lower content costs                                                                  network competitors. Bell Media also ranked sixth among online properties in the
                                                                                       country in terms of unique visitors and reach, with an average of 22.9 million
These factors were partly offset by:                                                   unique visitors per month, with 70% average monthly reach of the digital audience
                                                                                       in 2024.
• Greater costs from the acquisition of OUTEDGE
                                                                                     • Bell Media remained Canada’s top radio broadcaster in 2024, and it had the #1 and
• Higher costs associated with the revenue growth from Formula 1
                                                                                       #2 musical radio station in the Montréal French-language market for 2024 among
Bell Media adjusted EBITDA grew by 8.8% in 2024, compared to last year, driven         listeners aged 25 to 54
by higher operating revenues and lower operating costs.                              • Astral Media Inc. (Astral) continues to be a leading OOH solution provider across
                                                                                       Canada, offering a range of six product lines: outdoor advertising, street furniture,
Bell Media operating metrics                                                           airport, digital large format, transit and indoor place-based. Our products have the
                                                                                       potential to reach 24 million Canadians weekly, and we offer exclusive advertising
• Total Crave subscriptions increased 18% from last year to more than 3.6 million,     presence including 5 of the top 15 airports and 2 of the top transit commissions in
  which was driven by a 51% increase in Crave DTC streaming subscribers                Canada.
• CTV maintained its #1 ranking as the most-watched network in Canada for the
  23rd year in a row among total viewers in primetime, with 14 of the top
  20 programs nationally among total viewers
• Bell Media maintained its leadership position in the specialty and pay TV market
  with its English specialty and pay TV properties reaching 73% of all Canadian
  English specialty and pay TV viewers in the average week among key viewers
  aged 25 to 54 and with its French specialty and pay TV properties reaching 68%
  of Québec French specialty and pay TV viewers in an average week



Competitive landscape and industry trends
This section contains forward-looking statements, including related to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.

Competitive landscape                                                                • Digital media: Consumer demand for digital media, content on mobile devices,
                                                                                       and on-demand content is increasing and media products have experienced
Competition for content in the Canadian media industry continues to be                 significant digital uptake, requiring industry players to increase their efforts in digital
increasingly controlled by a small number of global competitors with significant       content and capabilities in order to compete. In response to this trend, advertisers
scale and financial resources. Technology has allowed new entrants to become           are shifting their spending to premium video and audio products on global digital
media players in their own right. Some players have become more vertically             platforms and social media that enable marketers to narrowly target specific
integrated across both traditional and emerging platforms to better enable the         audiences instead of the previous mass marketing approach. This results in lower
acquisition and monetization of premium content. Global aggregators have also          use of traditional advertising methods and requires a shift in focus. Bell Media and
emerged and are competing for both content and viewers.                                other media companies have initiated programs to sell their advertising inventory
Bell Media competes in the video, audio, OOH advertising and digital media             on a more targeted basis through updated buying platforms with enhanced access
markets:                                                                               to data and are now selling their inventory on programmatic buying platforms.
• Video: The video market has become increasingly fragmented and this trend is       The Canadian traditional TV and radio advertising markets are expected to be
  expected to continue as new services and technologies increase the diversity of    impacted by audience declines as advertising market growth continues to shift
  information and entertainment outlets available to consumers                       towards digital.
• Audio: Competition within the radio broadcasting industry occurs primarily in
  discrete local market areas among individual stations
• OOH: The Canadian OOH advertising industry is fragmented, consisting of a few
  large companies as well as numerous smaller and local companies operating in a
  few local markets

62     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media


Competitors                                                                         Industry trends
Video                                                                               Consumers continue to have access to an array of online entertainment and
                                                                                    information alternatives, with new options being added yearly. The increase in
• Conventional Canadian TV stations (local and distant signals) and specialty and   alternative entertainment options has led to a fragmentation in consumption habits.
  pay channels, such as those owned by Corus Entertainment Inc. (Corus),            Traditional linear TV still delivers higher viewership compared to other forms of video
  Rogers, Québecor and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)/Société              consumption, although the gap is closing with more people consuming content from
  Radio-Canada                                                                      an assortment of services and in a variety of formats. In particular, today’s viewers
• U.S. conventional TV stations and specialty channels                              are consuming more content online, watching less scheduled programming live,
                                                                                    time-shifting original broadcasts through PVRs, viewing more video on mobile
• OTT streaming providers such as Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, Apple TV+,         devices, and catching up on an expanded library of past programming on-demand.
  Paramount +, Discovery+ and DAZN                                                  While households use streaming services, such as Crave, Netflix, Prime Video,
• Video-sharing websites such as YouTube, TikTok and Instagram                      Disney+, Apple TV+, and YouTube to complement linear TV consumption, an
• FAST channels                                                                     increasing number are using these services as alternatives to a traditional linear
                                                                                    package. With the increase of options in the alternative market, content is more
Audio                                                                               widespread than ever before across providers, resulting in a more competitive
                                                                                    landscape. This has resulted in price increases and consumers’ need to subscribe to
• Large radio operators, such as Rogers, Corus, Cogeco and Stingray Group Inc.      more than one service. The industry has responded with bundling options, lower
  that also own and operate radio station clusters in various local markets         price ad tiers, and an increase in FAST channels, such as The Roku Channel, Tubi
• Radio stations in specific local markets                                          and Pluto TV. In 2024, Bell Media launched 11 English and French-language FAST
                                                                                    channels, featuring a selection of entertainment, factual, news, and sports
• Satellite radio provider SiriusXM                                                 programming, available on LG Channels, Samsung TV Plus, Plex and The Roku
• Music streaming services such as Spotify and Apple Music                          Channel.
• Music downloading services such as Apple’s iTunes Store                           Premium video content remains vitally important to media companies in attracting
• Other media such as newspapers, local weeklies, TV, magazines, outdoor            and retaining viewers and advertisers. This content, including live sports and special
  advertising and the Internet                                                      events, should continue to draw audiences and advertisers moving forward.
                                                                                    Heightened competition for these rights from global competitors, including Netflix,
OOH advertising                                                                     Prime Video, Disney+, DAZN and Apple TV+, has already resulted in higher program
                                                                                    rights costs and may also make it more difficult to secure content.
• Large outdoor and indoor advertisers, such as Allvision, Branded Cities, Lamar
  Advertising, Pattison Outdoor, Québecor Inc., Vendo Media, REC Media, UB          Consumer behaviour is continually changing and media companies are adjusting by
  Media, Cineplex, and Rogers Sports & Media                                        evolving and personalizing their content and product offerings. Media companies
                                                                                    have launched their own solutions with the objective of better competing with
• Numerous smaller and local companies operating a limited number of faces in a
                                                                                    non-traditional offerings through DTC products such as Bell Media’s bilingual Crave
  few local markets
                                                                                    service, TSN and RDS, all of which offer streaming on a variety of platforms. While
• Other media such as TV, radio, print media and the Internet                       the SVOD model continues to dominate the streaming landscape, AVOD and FAST
                                                                                    services are seeing tremendous growth due to the appeal to price-conscious
                                                                                    consumers.
                                                                                    In addition, there has been a shift in how advertisers want to buy advertising across
                                                                                    all media platforms. The growth of digital consumption has also given advertisers the
                                                                                    opportunity to buy more targeted inventory and to buy inventory via self-serve and
                                                                                    programmatically. As a result, Bell Media and other media companies have initiated
                                                                                    programs to sell their advertising inventory on a more targeted basis through
                                                                                    updated buying platforms with enhanced access to data and are now selling their
                                                                                    inventory on programmatic buying platforms.

                                                                                                                                                                        63
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media


Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance for 2025 and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic
priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

2025 outlook                                                                            We will continue to support original French programming with a focus on digital
                                                                                        platforms such as Crave, Noovo.ca and iHeartRadio, to better serve our French-
We are targeting positive media revenue growth in 2025 led by scaling of digital        language customers through a personalized digital experience.
advertising in Connected TV, DAAI, ad-supported Crave and through the
acquisition in 2024 of OUTEDGE. The Canadian traditional TV and radio                   In audio, we intend to offer advertisers, both nationally and locally, attractive
advertising markets are expected to be impacted by audience declines as                 opportunities to reach their target audiences including scaling of DAAI. Additionally,
advertising market growth continues to shift towards digital. Subscriber revenue        in conjunction with our video properties, we will continue to pursue opportunities that
growth is being targeted through continued scaling of Crave, TSN, RDS and TSN+          leverage our promotional capabilities, provide an expanded platform for content
through expanded distribution, optimized content offerings, UX improvements and         sharing, including additional radio stations on our iHeartRadio Canada app, and offer
BDU rate increases. The non-recurrence of revenue adjustments in 2024 and the           other synergistic efficiencies.
effects of shifting media consumption towards competing OTT and digital
platforms, as well as further TV cord-shaving and cord-cutting, is expected to          In our OOH operations, we provide advertisers with attractive opportunities in all key
continue to negatively impact legacy media subscriber revenue and volumes.              Canadian markets. We continue to seek new opportunities to support the growing
                                                                                        demand in digital, including converting strategic existing static outdoor structures to
We remain focused on advancing our digital-first media strategy, including growing      digital as well as building new digitals. Our acquisition of OUTEDGE was fully
digital revenues and DTC subscribers. We also intend to continue controlling costs      integrated for sales under the Astral brand to kick off 2025. This accelerates our
by achieving productivity gains and pursuing operational efficiencies across all of     digital media strategy and ability to deliver impactful, multi-channel marketing
our media properties, while continuing to invest in premium content across all          solutions coast-to-coast.
screens and platforms.
Across our media properties, particularly in video, we intend to leverage our market    Assumptions
position combined with enhanced audience targeting to offer advertisers, both           • Overall digital revenue expected to reflect scaling of Connected TV, DTC
nationally and locally, premium opportunities to reach their target audiences.            advertising and subscriber growth, as well as digital growth in our OOH business
Success in this area requires that we focus on successfully acquiring highly rated        contributing towards the advancement of our digital-first media strategy
programming and differentiated content; building and maintaining strategic supply
arrangements for content across all screens and platforms; and producing and            • Leveraging of first-party data to improve targeting, advertisement delivery including
commissioning high-quality Canadian content. We will also continue to scale               personalized viewing experience and attribution
Connected TV and DAAI, bringing precision targeting of digital advertising and          • Continued escalation of media content costs to secure quality content
providing a personalized ad experience to specific households or devices.
                                                                                        • Continued scaling of Crave, TSN, TSN+ and RDS through expanded distribution,
Our sports offerings are expected to continue to deliver popular content and              optimized content offering and UX improvements
viewing experiences to our video audiences. These offerings, combined with the          • Continued support in original French content with a focus on digital platforms such
integration of our digital platforms, are integral parts of our strategy to enhance       as Crave, Noovo.ca and iHeartRadio Canada, to better serve our French-language
viewership and engagement. We will also continue to focus on creating innovative          customers through a personalized digital experience
high-quality productions in the areas of sports news and editorial coverage.
                                                                                        • Ability to successfully acquire and produce highly-rated programming and
In non-sports specialty TV, audiences and advertising revenues are expected to be         differentiated content
driven by investment in quality programming and production including the
rebranding of our specialty channels including the introduction of USA Network and      • Building and maintaining strategic supply arrangements for content across all
Oxygen True Crime in Canada.                                                              screens and platforms
                                                                                        • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of changes
Through Crave, our bilingual premium video streaming service, we will continue to         in or implementation of regulations affecting our media business
leverage our investments in premium content (including HBO, Max, STARZ and
original French-language programming) in order to attract DTC streaming
subscribers. We intend to continue expanding platform distribution and delivering
UX improvements.

64     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media


Key growth drivers
• Continued scaling of Crave, TSN, TSN+ and RDS through expanded distribution             • Digital growth in our OOH business
  including bundles and partnerships                                                      • Ongoing growth in BDU rates
• Scaling of Connected TV advertising                                                     • Delivery of compelling content to maintain strength in audience performance and
• DTC advertising and subscriber growth                                                     scale global content distribution



Principal business risks
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Media segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could have a
material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, Business risks.

Advertising and subscription revenue uncertainty                                          Aggressive competition
Risk                                                                                      Risk
• Advertising is heavily dependent on economic conditions and viewership, and             • The intensity of competitive activity from new technologies and alternative
  traditional media is under increasing pressure for advertising spend against              distribution platforms such as unregulated OTT content offerings, VOD, personal
  dominant non-traditional/global digital services                                          video platforms, DTC distribution and pirated content, in addition to traditional TV
• The advertising market could be further impacted by canceled or delayed                   services, in combination with the development of more aggressive product and
  advertising campaigns from many sectors due to the economic environment                   sales strategies by non-traditional global players with a much larger scale

• Bell Media has contracts with a variety of BDUs, under which monthly                    Potential impact
  subscription fees for specialty and pay TV services are earned, which expire on a       • Increased competitive activity in combination with the development of more
  specific date                                                                             aggressive product and sales strategies could have an adverse impact on the level
Potential impact                                                                            of subscriptions and/or viewership for Bell Media’s TV services and on Bell Media’s
                                                                                            revenue streams
• Economic uncertainty could continue to impact advertisers’ spending. Our failure
  to increase or maintain viewership or capture our share of the changing and
  fragmented advertising market, including digital revenues, could result in the loss     Rising content costs and ability to secure key content
  of advertising revenue.                                                                 Risk
• If we are not successful in obtaining favourable agreements with BDUs, it could         • Rising content costs, as an increasing number of domestic and global competitors
  result in the loss of subscription revenue                                                seek to acquire the same content or to restrict content within their own ecosystems,
                                                                                            and the ability to acquire or develop key differentiated content to drive revenues
                                                                                            and subscriber growth
                                                                                          Potential impact
                                                                                          • Rising programming costs could require us to incur unplanned expenses, which
                                                                                            could result in negative pressure on adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                          • Our inability to acquire or develop popular programming content could adversely
                                                                                            affect Bell Media’s viewership and subscription levels and, consequently,
                                                                                            advertising and subscription revenues

                                                                                                                                                                              65
6 MD&A Financial and capital management




6                Financial and capital management
This section tells you how we manage our cash and capital resources to carry out our strategy and deliver financial results. It provides an analysis of our
financial condition, cash flows and liquidity on a consolidated basis.



6.1 Net debt
                                                                                                                                                  2024                     2023                $ change                % change

Long-term debt                                                                                                                                 32,835                   31,135                    1,700                       5.5%
Debt due within one year                                                                                                                        7,669                    5,042                    2,627                   52.1%
50% of preferred shares (1)                                                                                                                     1,767                    1,834                      (67)                  (3.7%)
Cash                                                                                                                                           (1,572)                     (547)                 (1,025)                      n.m.
Cash equivalents                                                                                                                                     –                     (225)                    225                  100.0%
Short-term investments                                                                                                                            (400)                 (1,000)                     600                   60.0%

Net debt                                                                                                                                       40,299                   36,239                    4,060                   11.2%

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) 50% of outstanding preferred shares of $3,533 million and $3,667 million at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are classified as debt consistent with the treatment by some credit rating agencies.



The increase of $2,627 million in debt due within one year and $1,700 million in                                    The increase in cash of $1,025 million, the decrease in short-term investments of
long-term debt were due to:                                                                                         $600 million and the decrease in cash equivalents of $225 million were mainly due
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series US-9 Notes, with a total principal amount                                   to:
  of $700 million in U.S. dollars ($942 million in Canadian dollars)                                                • $6,988 million of cash flows from operating activities
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series US-10 Notes, with a total principal amount                                  • $3,834 million of issuance of long-term debt
  of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,009 million in Canadian dollars)                                              • $1,945 million increase in notes payable (net of repayments)
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-61 MTN debentures, with a total
  principal amount of $400 million                                                                                  Partly offset by:
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-63 MTN debentures, with a total                                           • $3,897 million of capital expenditures
  principal amount of $1,100 million                                                                                • $3,613 million of dividends paid on BCE common shares
• an increase in notes payable (net of repayments) of $1,945 million                                                • $3,303 million of repayment of long-term debt
• a net increase of $580 million due to higher lease liabilities and other debt                                     • $624 million for business acquisitions
• an increase in outstanding loans of $324 million under the Bell Mobility                                          • $531 million for the purchase of spectrum licences
  uncommitted trade loan agreement
                                                                                                                    • $235 million paid for the purchase on the open market of BCE common shares for
Partly offset by:                                                                                                     the settlement of share-based payments
• the repayment at maturity of Series M-44 MTN debentures, with a total principal                                   • $187 million of dividends paid on BCE preferred shares
  amount of $1,000 million                                                                                          • $92 million paid for the repurchase of BCE preferred shares
• the repayment at maturity of Series US-3 Notes, with a total principal amount of                                  • $68 million of cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI
  $600 million in U.S. dollars ($748 million in Canadian dollars)
• the repayment at maturity of Series 10 Notes, with a total principal amount of
  $225 million

66       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.2           Outstanding share data
                                                                         Number                                                                 Number     Weighted average
Common shares outstanding                                               of shares   Stock options outstanding                                 of options   exercise price ($)

Outstanding, January 1, 2024                                         912,274,545    Outstanding, January 1, 2024                              7,484,561                   61
Shares issued under deferred share plan                                    8,558    Forfeited or expired                                       (938,742)                  59
Outstanding, December 31, 2024                                       912,283,103    Outstanding and exercisable, December 31, 2024            6,545,819                   61




At March 6, 2025, 921,824,604 common shares and 5,503,174 stock options were outstanding.


Discounted Treasury Dividend Reinvestment Plan
In Q4 2024, BCE amended its DRP to provide, at the BCE Board’s discretion, for      Subsequent to year end, on January 15, 2025, 9,540,786 common shares were
the issuance of new common shares from treasury at a discount to the Average        issued from treasury under the DRP to shareholders of record on
Market Price. Commencing with the dividend payable on January 15, 2025 to           December 16, 2024 holding 308,654,258 common shares, for $314 million.
eligible shareholders as of the December 16, 2024 record date, and subsequently
until further notice, common shares will be issued from treasury at a discount of
2% to the Average Market Price.



6.3           Cash flows
                                                                                                                    2024              2023    $ change             % change

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                               6,988             7,946        (958)              (12.1%)
Capital expenditures                                                                                            (3,897)          (4,581)           684                14.9%
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                            (187)             (182)           (5)              (2.7%)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                      (68)              (47)        (21)              (44.7%)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                     52                  8          44                  n.m.
Free cash flow                                                                                                     2,888             3,144        (256)               (8.1%)
Business acquisitions                                                                                               (624)             (222)       (402)                 n.m.
Business dispositions                                                                                                  –              209         (209)            (100.0%)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                     (52)               (8)        (44)                 n.m.
Decrease (increase) in short-term investments                                                                        600         (1,000)         1,600                  n.m.
Spectrum licences                                                                                                   (531)          (183)          (348)                 n.m.
Other investing activities                                                                                           14                 (4)         18                  n.m.
Increase (decrease) in notes payable                                                                               1,945              (646)      2,591                  n.m.
Issue of long-term debt                                                                                            3,834             5,195      (1,361)              (26.2%)
Repayment of long-term debt                                                                                     (3,303)          (1,858)        (1,445)              (77.8%)
Repurchase of a financial liability                                                                                    –              (149)        149              100.0%
Issue of common shares                                                                                                 –                18         (18)            (100.0%)
Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                                                           (235)             (223)        (12)               (5.4%)
Repurchase of preferred shares                                                                                       (92)             (140)         48                34.3%
Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                            (3,613)          (3,486)          (127)               (3.6%)
Other financing activities                                                                                           (31)              (24)          (7)             (29.2%)

Net increase in cash                                                                                               1,025              448          577                  n.m.
Net (decrease) increase in cash equivalents                                                                         (225)             175         (400)                 n.m.

n.m.: not meaningful




Cash flows from operating activities and free cash flow
In 2024, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities decreased by $958 million,      Free cash flow decreased by $256 million in 2024, compared to 2023, mainly due to
compared to 2023, mainly due to lower cash from working capital, higher interest    lower cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash from acquisition and other
paid, higher severance and other costs paid and higher income taxes paid, partly    costs paid, partly offset by lower capital expenditures.
offset by higher EBITDA.

                                                                                                                                                                           67
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


Capital expenditures
                                                                                                                       2024              2023          $ change         % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                             3,746              4,421              675            15.3%
     Capital intensity                                                                                               17.3%             20.2%                              2.9 pts
Bell Media                                                                                                             151               160                 9              5.6%
     Capital intensity                                                                                                4.8%              5.1%                              0.3 pts
BCE                                                                                                                  3,897              4,581              684            14.9%
     Capital intensity                                                                                               16.0%             18.6%                              2.6 pts


BCE capital expenditures of $3,897 million in 2024, corresponding to a capital            • Reduced year-over-year capital spending at Bell Media of $9 million, mainly due to
intensity ratio of 16.0%, declined by $684 million and 2.6 pts, respectively, over          lower spending on Connected TV and studio expansions, partly offset by higher
2023. The year-over-year decline reflected:                                                 investments to support digital growth and OUTEDGE acquisition impact
• Lower capital expenditures in Bell CTS of $675 million, compared to last year,
  consistent with a planned reduction in capital spending, primarily driven by slower
  FTTP footprint expansion, regulatory decisions that discourage network
  investment, and the realization of efficiencies from prior investments in digital
  transformation initiatives



Business acquisitions
On July 2, 2024, Bell Canada acquired Stratejm for cash consideration of                  advertising displays for estimated proceeds of $14 million, subject to adjustments.
$78 million ($73 million net of cash acquired) and $11 million of estimated               Completion of the sale is expected in the first quarter of 2025, subject to receipt of
additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain                    the Competition Bureau’s approval and other customary closing conditions.
performance objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be settled
by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is $20 million. Contingent                         On June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-
consideration is estimated to be $11 million at December 31, 2024.                        focused managed and professional services and workflow automation solutions for
                                                                                          business clients, for cash consideration of $157 million ($156 million net of cash
On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.’s            acquired), of which $12 million is payable within two years, and an estimated
Canadian OOH media business, OUTEDGE, for cash consideration of $429 million              $6 million of additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain
($418 million net of cash acquired). Pursuant to a consent agreement negotiated           performance objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be settled
with the Competition Bureau, Bell Media must dispose of 669 advertising displays          by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is $7 million. Contingent consideration is
in Québec and Ontario. On October 4, 2024, we entered into an agreement to                estimated to be $2 million at December 31, 2024.
dispose of these



Business dispositions
On May 3, 2023, we completed the sale of our 63% ownership in certain production studios, which were included in our Bell Media segment, for net cash proceeds of
$211 million.


Spectrum licences
On November 30, 2023, Bell Mobility secured the right to acquire 939 licences             On May 19, 2023, after approval from ISED, Bell Mobility obtained the right to use,
of 3800 MHz spectrum across Canada for $518 million. On January 17, 2024, Bell            through subordination, certain of Xplore Inc.’s 3500 MHz spectrum licences in
made a first payment of $104 million to ISED. The remaining balance of                    Québec, for $145 million.
$414 million was paid on May 29, 2024, at which time Bell acquired the 3800 MHz
spectrum licences.



Debt instruments
We use a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations. Our short-term debt consists mostly of notes payable under commercial paper programs,
loans securitized by receivables and wireless device financing plan receivables, and bank facilities. We usually pay fixed rates of interest on our long-term debt and floating
rates on our short-term debt. As at December 31, 2024, all of our debt was denominated in Canadian dollars with the exception of our commercial paper, Bell Mobility trade
loans and our U.S. Series of Notes, which are denominated in U.S. dollars and have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps.
68      BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


2024                                                                                   2023
During 2024, we issued debt, net of repayments. This included:                         During 2023, we issued debt, net of repayments. This included:
• $3,834 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of the issuance of Series        • $5,195 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of the issuance of Series
  US-9 Notes with a total principal amount of $700 million in U.S. dollars               M-57, Series M-58, Series M-59, Series M-60, Series M-61 and Series M-62 MTN
  ($942 million in Canadian dollars), the issuance of Series US-10 Notes with a          debentures, with total principal amounts of $300 million, $1,050 million,
  total principal amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,009 million in Canadian     $450 million, $600 million, $400 million and $700 million in Canadian dollars,
  dollars), the issuance of Series M-61 MTN debentures with a total principal            respectively, the issuance of Series US-8 Notes, with a total principal amount of
  amount of $400 million, the issuance of Series M-63 MTN debentures with a total        $850 million in U.S. dollars ($1,138 million in Canadian dollars), the increase of
  principal amount of $1,100 million, the increase of $324 million in outstanding        $491 million in outstanding loans under the Bell Mobility uncommitted trade loan
  loans under the Bell Mobility uncommitted trade loan agreement and the                 agreement and the issuance of other debt of $74 million, partly offset by $8 million
  issuance of other debt of $66 million, partly offset by $7 million of discounts on     of discounts on our debt issuances
  our debt issuances
                                                                                       Partly offset by:
• $1,945 million issuance (net of repayments) of notes payable
                                                                                       • $1,858 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of net payments of leases
Partly offset by:                                                                        and other debt of $1,258 million and the repayment of Series M-29 MTN
• $3,303 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of the repayment of Series        debentures with a total principal amount of $600 million
  M-44 MTN debentures with a total principal amount of $1,000 million, the             • $646 million repayment (net of issuances) of notes payable
  repayment of Series US-3 Notes with a total principal amount of $600 million in
  U.S. dollars ($748 million in Canadian dollars), the repayment of Series 10 Notes
  with a total principal amount of $225 million and net payments of leases and
  other debt of $1,330 million



Consolidation of MLSE ownership under BCE (repurchase of a financial liability)
In January 2023, BCE repurchased the 9% interest held by the BCE Master Trust Fund (Master Trust Fund), a trust fund that holds pension fund investments serving the
pension obligations of the BCE group pension plan participants, in MLSE for a cash consideration of $149 million, as a result of BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master
Trust Fund’s interest in MLSE at that price.


Issuance of common shares
The issuance of common shares in 2024 decreased by $18 million, compared to 2023, due to no stock options having been exercised in 2024.


Repurchase of preferred shares
In 2024, BCE repurchased and canceled 5,346,488 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB for a total cost of $92 million.
Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased and canceled 1,413,405 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB for a total cost of $25 million.
In 2023, BCE repurchased and canceled 8,124,533 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB for a total cost of $140 million.


Cash dividends paid on common shares
In 2024, cash dividends paid on common shares of $3,613 million increased by $127 million, compared to 2023, due to a higher dividend paid in 2024 of $3.9600 per
common share, compared to $3.8225 per common share in 2023.



6.4 Post-employment benefit plans
For the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded an increase in our post-             For the year ended December 31, 2023, we recorded a decrease in our post-
employment benefit plans and a gain, before taxes, in OCI of $796 million, due to a    employment benefit plans and a loss, before taxes, in OCI of $553 million, due to a
higher-than-expected return on plan assets, and an increase in the discount rate to    decrease in the discount rate of 4.6% at December 31, 2023, compared to 5.3% at
4.7% at December 31, 2024, compared to 4.6% at December 31, 2023, partly               December 31, 2022, partly offset by a gain on plan assets, experience gains and a
offset by an increase in the effect of the asset limit.                                decrease in the effect of the asset limit.



                                                                                                                                                                          69
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.5           Financial risk management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures and variability of results from various financial
risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, equity price risk and longevity risk. These risks are further described in Note 2, Material
accounting policies, Note 9, Other expense, Note 27, Post-employment benefit plans and Note 29, Financial and capital management in BCE’s 2024 consolidated financial
statements.
The following table outlines our financial risks, how we manage these risks and their financial statement classification.

Financial risk           Description of risk                                 Management of risk and financial statement classification
Credit risk              We are exposed to credit risk from operating        • Large and diverse customer base
                         activities and certain customer financing
                                                                             • Deal with institutions with investment-grade credit ratings
                         activities, the maximum exposure of which is
                         represented by the carrying amounts reported        • Regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure, and consider, among other factors, the effects of changes in
                         in the statements of financial position. We are       interest rates and inflation
                         exposed to credit risk if counterparties to our
                                                                             • Our trade receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at December 31, 2024, which both include the
                         trade receivables, including wireless device
                                                                               current portion of wireless device financing plan receivables, were $4,305 million and $120 million, respectively
                         financing plan receivables, and derivative
                         instruments are unable to meet their                • Our non-current wireless device financing plan receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at
                         obligations.                                          December 31, 2024 were $410 million and $12 million, respectively
                                                                             • Our contract assets balance at December 31, 2024 was $759 million, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts
                                                                               balance of $18 million

Liquidity risk           We are exposed to liquidity risk for financial      • Our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under our securitized receivables program,
                         liabilities.                                          cash flows from operations and possible capital markets financing are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations
                                                                               and fulfill our obligations as they become due. Should our cash requirements exceed the above sources of cash, we
                                                                               would expect to cover such a shortfall by drawing on existing committed bank facilities and new ones, to the extent
                                                                               available
                                                                             • Refer to section 6.7, Liquidity – Contractual obligations, for a maturity analysis of our recognized financial liabilities

Foreign currency risk    We are exposed to foreign currency risk             • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options maturing from 2025 to 2027
                         related to anticipated purchases and certain          of $5.7 billion in U.S. dollars ($7.8 billion in Canadian dollars) and ₱3.2 billion in Philippine pesos ($75 million in
                         foreign currency debt.                                Canadian dollars), to manage foreign currency risk related to anticipated purchases and certain foreign currency debt
                         A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the             • For cash flow hedges relating to anticipated purchases denominated in foreign currencies, changes in the fair value of
                         value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S.      these derivatives are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the
                         dollar would result in a gain of $1 million (loss      hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other expense in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in
                         of $73 million) recognized in net earnings at          Accumulated OCI are reclassified to the income statements or to the initial cost of the related non-financial asset in
                         December 31, 2024 and a gain of $119 million           the same periods as the corresponding hedged transactions are recognized.
                         (loss of $107 million) recognized in Other
                                                                              • For cash flow hedges relating to our U.S. dollar debt under our commercial paper program and securitization of
                         comprehensive income (loss) at
                                                                                receivables program, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Other expense in the income
                         December 31, 2024, with all other variables
                                                                                statements and offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt, except for any portion of the
                         held constant.
                                                                                hedging relationship which is ineffective
                         Refer to the following Fair value section for
                                                                              • For economic hedges, changes in the fair value are recognized in Other expense in the income statements
                         details on our derivative financial instruments.
                                                                             • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding cross currency interest rate swaps with notional amounts of $6,550 million
                                                                               in U.S. dollars ($8,554 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our U.S. Notes maturing
                                                                               from 2032 to 2054
                                                                              • For these cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our
                                                                                statements of comprehensive income, except for amounts recorded in Other expense in the income statements to
                                                                                offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship
                                                                                which is ineffective
                                                                             • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $600 million
                                                                               in U.S. dollars ($815 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of outstanding loans maturing
                                                                               in 2025 and 2026 under our Bell Mobility trade loan agreement
                                                                              • For these cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our
                                                                                statements of comprehensive income, except for amounts recorded in Other expense in the income statements to
                                                                                offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship
                                                                                which is ineffective

70      BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

Financial risk         Description of risk                                Management of risk and financial statement classification
Interest rate risk     We are exposed to risk on the interest rates of    • We use interest rate swaps, cross currency basis rate swaps, cross currency interest rate swaps, forward starting
                       our debt, our post-employment benefit plans          interest rate swaps, amortizing interest rate swaps, interest rate swaptions and interest rate floors to hedge interest rate
                       and on dividend rate resets on our preferred         exposure on existing and/or future debt issuances. We also use leveraged interest rate options to hedge economically
                       shares.                                              the dividend rate resets on preferred shares.
                       A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates         • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $700 million to hedge the fair
                       would result in a loss (gain) of $28 million         value of our Series M-62 MTN debentures maturing in 2029
                       recognized in net earnings at December 31,
                                                                           • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                       2024, with all other variables held constant.
                                                                             expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship
                       Refer to the following Fair value section for
                                                                          • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $250 million to hedge the fair
                       details on our derivative financial instruments.
                                                                            value of our series M-52 MTN debentures maturing in 2030
                                                                           • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                                                                             expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship
                                                                          • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $350 million to hedge the fair
                                                                            value of our series M-57 MTN debentures maturing in 2032
                                                                           • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                                                                             expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship
                                                                          • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2025 with a notional
                                                                            amount of $550 million in U.S. dollars ($742 million in Canadian dollars), of which $275 million in U.S. dollars matures
                                                                            in each of 2030 and 2035, to hedge the interest rate exposure on future U.S. dollar debt issuances
                                                                           • For forward starting interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our
                                                                             statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship, which is
                                                                             recognized in Other expense in the income statements
                                                                          • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2028 with a notional
                                                                            amount of $125 million to hedge the fair value of our series M-59 MTN debentures maturing in 2053
                                                                           • For forward starting interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are
                                                                             recognized in Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the
                                                                             hedging relationship
                                                                          • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2028 with a notional
                                                                            amount of $400 million to hedge the fair value of our series M-61 MTN debentures maturing in 2053
                                                                           • For forward starting interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are
                                                                             recognized in Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the
                                                                             hedging relationship
                                                                          • At December 31, 2024, we had an outstanding amortizing interest rate swap with a notional amount of $123 million to
                                                                            hedge the interest rate exposure on other debt maturing in 2028
                                                                           • For amortizing interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of
                                                                             comprehensive income
                                                                          • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding leveraged interest rate options with a fair value of nil to hedge
                                                                            economically the dividend rate resets on $582 million of our preferred shares which had varying reset dates in 2021 for
                                                                            the periods ending in 2026
                                                                           • For leveraged interest rate options, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in the income
                                                                             statements in Other expense
                                                                          • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding interest rate floors with a notional amount of $350 million to hedge
                                                                            economically the interest cost of our series M-62 MTN debentures maturing in 2029
                                                                           • For interest rate floors, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Other expense in the income
                                                                             statements
                                                                          • For our post-employment benefit plans, the interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach, which
                                                                            reduces the exposure of the DB plans to a mismatch between investment growth and obligation growth

Equity price risk      We are exposed to risk on our cash flow            • At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding equity forward contracts with a fair value net liability of $429 million on
                       related to the settlement of equity settled          BCE’s common shares to economically hedge the cash flow exposure related to the settlement of equity settled share-
                       share-based payment plans.                           based compensation plans
                       A 5% increase (decrease) in the market price        • Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in the income statements in Other expense
                       of BCE’s common shares would result in a gain
                       (loss) of $18 million recognized in net earnings
                       at December 31, 2024, with all other variables
                       held constant.
                       Refer to the following Fair value section for
                       details on our derivative financial instruments.

Longevity risk         We are exposed to life expectancy risk on our      • The Bell Canada Pension Plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its exposure to potential
                       post-employment benefit plans.                       increases in longevity, which covers approximately $3 billion of post-employment benefit obligations

                                                                                                                                                                                                      71
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


Fair value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a                               The carrying values of our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade and
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement                                  other receivables, trade payables and other liabilities, interest payable, dividends
date.                                                                                                               payable, notes payable and loans secured by receivables approximate fair value as
                                                                                                                    they are short-term. The carrying value of wireless device financing plan receivables
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the                                          approximates fair value given that their average remaining duration is short and the
amount and timing of future cash flows and discount rates, all of which reflect                                     carrying value is reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts and an allowance
varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred on                                    for revenue adjustments. The carrying value of the Bell Mobility trade loans
disposition of financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a result,                             approximates fair value given their average remaining duration is short and they
the fair values may not be the net amounts that would be realized if these                                          bear interest at a variable rate.
instruments were settled.

The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                                                                                                   December 31, 2024                        December 31, 2023

                                                                                                                                                                  Carrying              Fair            Carrying               Fair
                                    Classification                         Fair value methodology                                                                    value             value               value              value

Debt securities                     Debt due within one year and           Quoted market price of debt                                                             31,247             30,885                29,049          28,225
and other debt                      long-term debt


The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                                                                                                         Fair value

                                                                                                                                                           Quoted prices in
                                                                                                                                                          active markets for             Observable               Non-observable
                                                                                                                                Carrying value of           identical assets             market data               market inputs
                                                        Classification                                                            asset (liability)                 (level 1)               (level 2) (1)                (level 3) (2)

December 31, 2024

Publicly-traded and privately-held                      Other non-current assets
investments (3)                                                                                                                               877                          35                       –                         842
Derivative financial instruments                        Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities,
                                                        other non-current assets and liabilities                                             (368)                           –                  (368)                            –
Other                                                   Other non-current assets                                                              225                            –                   225                             –

December 31, 2023

Publicly-traded and privately-held                      Other non-current assets
investments (3)                                                                                                                               587                          10                       –                         577
Derivative financial instruments                        Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities,
                                                        other non-current assets and liabilities                                             (488)                           –                  (488)                            –
Other                                                   Other non-current assets and liabilities                                              147                            –                   216                            (69)

(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and revenue and earnings multiples. For certain privately-held investments, changes in our valuation assumptions may result in a significant change in the fair value
    of our level 3 financial instruments.
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in OCI in the statements of comprehensive income and are reclassified from Accumulated OCI to the Deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.

72       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.6 Credit ratings
Credit ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay                                  credit ratings at the time capital is raised. Investment grade credit ratings usually
interest on debt or dividends on issued and outstanding preferred shares.                                             mean that when we borrow money, we can obtain lower interest rates than
                                                                                                                      companies that have ratings lower than investment grade. A ratings downgrade
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and                                 could result in adverse consequences for our funding cost and capacity, and our
debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit market. Our                                        ability to access the capital markets, the money market and/or bank credit market.
ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available partly
depend on our assigned

The following table provides BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings as at March 6, 2025 from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.


Key credit ratings
                                                                                                                                                                                 Bell Canada (1)

March 6, 2025                                                                                                                                              DBRS                   Moody’s                                        S&P

Commercial paper                                                                                                                                      R-2 (high)                       P-2                   A-2 (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                A-2 (Global scale)
Senior (unsubordinated) long-term debt                                                                                                               BBB (high)                      Baa2                                       BBB
Subordinated long-term debt                                                                                                                           BBB (low)                      Baa3                                      BBB-
Junior subordinated long-term debt                                                                                                                    BBB (low)                      Baa3                                        BB+

                                                                                                                                                                                     BCE (1)

                                                                                                                                                           DBRS                   Moody’s                                        S&P

Preferred shares                                                                                                                                            Pfd-3                         –          P-3 (High) (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                              BB+ (Global scale)

(1) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.


On August 30, 2024, Moody’s downgraded Bell Canada’s issuer rating to                                                 On February 18, 2025, Bell Canada issued $2,250 million in U.S. dollars
Baa2 from Baa1, senior long-term debt rating to Baa2 from Baa1 and subordinated                                       ($3,187 million in Canadian dollars) aggregate principal amount of Junior
long-term debt rating to Baa3 from Baa2. Bell Canada’s commercial paper rating                                        Subordinated Notes in two series: 1) $1,000 million in U.S. dollars ($1,416 million in
was affirmed at P-2. In addition, Moody’s downgraded BCE’s issuer rating to                                           Canadian dollars) of 6.875% Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series
Baa3 from Baa2. The outlook associated with the Moody’s ratings was changed to                                        A due 2055; and 2) $1,250 million in U.S. dollars ($1,771 million in Canadian dollars)
stable from negative. The downgrades were principally as a result of ongoing debt                                     of 7.000% Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series B due 2055. The
leverage above Moody’s thresholds for the prior ratings. All of these new ratings                                     payment of principal, interest and other payment obligations under each series of
remain investment grade according to Moody’s rating scale with Moody’s                                                Junior Subordinated Notes is fully, irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by
Baa3 rating representing its last investment grade rating rank.                                                       BCE Inc. on a junior subordinated basis. The Junior Subordinated Notes are direct
                                                                                                                      and unsecured junior subordinated debt obligations of Bell Canada and, accordingly,
On September 12, 2024, S&P downgraded the issuer-credit ratings on BCE and its                                        are subordinated in right of payment to all present and future indebtedness of Bell
subsidiaries to BBB from BBB+. At the same time, S&P lowered Bell Canada’s                                            Canada (other than indebtedness which by its terms ranks equally with or
senior long-term debt rating to BBB from BBB+ and subordinated long-term debt                                         subordinate to the Junior Subordinated Notes), including being subordinated to Bell
rating to BBB- from BBB. Although Bell Canada’s commercial paper rating was                                           Canada’s subordinated long-term debt referred to in the above table. DBRS,
affirmed at A-2 on a Global scale, it was downgraded to A-2 from A-1 (Low) on a                                       Moody’s and S&P have assigned ratings of BBB (low), Baa3 and BB+, respectively,
Canadian national scale. S&P also lowered the ratings on BCE’s preferred shares                                       to the Junior Subordinated Notes. DBRS’ and Moody’s ratings represent the lowest
to P3 (High) from P2 (Low), on a Canadian national scale, and to BB+ from BBB-,                                       investment grade ratings according to their respective rating scales. However, S&P’s
on a Global scale. The outlook associated with the S&P ratings was changed to                                         BB+ rating is considered the highest rating below an investment grade rating on
stable from negative. The downgrades were principally as a result of ongoing debt                                     S&P’s rating scale. Additionally, the DBRS rating on the Junior Subordinated Notes
leverage above S&P’s thresholds for the prior ratings. All of these new ratings on                                    is also “Under Review with Negative Implications”.
Bell Canada’s senior and subordinated debt remain investment grade according to
S&P’s rating scale with S&P’s BBB- rating representing its last investment grade                                      As of March 6, 2025, BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings had stable outlooks
rating rank. Notwithstanding that preferred shares are not debt or credit                                             from Moody’s and S&P.
instruments, the new P3 (High) and BB+ ratings on BCE’s preferred shares are
considered below an investment grade rating on S&P’s rating scale.
On November 5, 2024, DBRS placed all its credit ratings on BCE Inc. and Bell
Canada “Under Review with Negative Implications” following BCE’s announcement
that Bell Canada had entered into an agreement to acquire Ziply Fiber.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     73
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.7 Liquidity
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our anticipated capital expenditures, our expected post-employment benefit plans funding, BCE’s
common share dividend and common share dividend payout policy, and the sources of liquidity we expect to use to meet our 2025 cash requirements. Refer to the section
Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.


Available liquidity
Total available liquidity at December 31, 2024 was $4.5 billion, comprised of            In 2025, our cash flows from operations, cash, cash equivalents, short-term
$1,572 million in cash, $400 million in short-term investments, $700 million             investments, capital markets financings, securitized receivables program and credit
available under our securitized receivables program and $1.8 billion available           facilities should give us flexibility in carrying out our plans for business growth,
under our $4.0 billion committed revolving and expansion credit facilities (given        including business acquisitions, as well as for the payment of contingencies.
$2.2 billion of commercial paper outstanding).
                                                                                         We continuously monitor our operations, capital markets and the Canadian economy
In Q4 2024, we increased the committed revolving credit facility from $2.5 billion to    with the objective of maintaining adequate liquidity.
$2.7 billion and extended the term to November 2029. We also increased the
committed expansion facility from $1 billion to $1.3 billion and extended the term to    Securitization program
November 2027.
                                                                                         In 2023, we amended our securitization program to add sustainability-linked pricing.
On November 1, 2024, Bell Canada entered into the Commitment Letter for the              The amendment introduces a financing cost that varies based on our performance of
$3,700 million in U.S. dollars ($5,324 million in Canadian dollars) Ziply Term           certain sustainability performance targets.
Facility that can be drawn to finance the acquisition of Ziply Fiber. Subsequent to
year end and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Commitment Letter, Bell         The securitization program is recorded as a floating rate revolving loan secured by
Canada made reductions of $965 million in U.S. dollars ($1,375 million in                certain receivables. We continue to service trade receivables and wireless device
Canadian dollars) in the aggregate amount of the Commitment Letter, decreasing           financing plan receivables under the securitization program, which matures in
the commitment thereunder to $2,735 million in U.S. dollars ($3,949 million in           June 2027 unless previously terminated. The lenders’ interest in the collection of
Canadian dollars).                                                                       these receivables ranks ahead of our interests, which means that we are exposed to
                                                                                         certain risks of default on the amounts securitized.
We expect that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts
available under our securitized receivables program, cash flows from operations          We have provided various credit enhancements in the form of overcollateralization
and possible capital markets financings will permit us to meet our cash                  and subordination of our retained interests.
requirements in 2025 for capital expenditures, post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                         The lenders have no further claim on our other assets if customers do not pay the
funding, dividend payments, the payment of contractual obligations, maturing debt,
                                                                                         amounts owed.
ongoing operations and other cash requirements.
                                                                                         As of December 31, 2024, the balance of loans secured by receivables was
Should our 2025 cash requirements exceed our cash, cash equivalents, short-term
                                                                                         $1.1 billion in U.S. dollars ($1.6 billion in Canadian dollars) and the total receivable
investments, cash generated from our operations, and funds raised under capital
                                                                                         balance collateralized under the program was $3.4 billion. The foreign currency risk
markets financings and our securitized receivables program, we would expect to
                                                                                         on these loans is managed using foreign currency forward contracts. See section
cover such a shortfall by drawing under committed credit facilities that are currently
                                                                                         6.5, Financial risk management in this MD&A for additional details.
in place or through new facilities to the extent available.

74     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

Credit facilities
The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2024.

                                                                                                                                           Total                         Letters       Commercial paper                  Net
December 31, 2024                                                                                                                      available          Drawn         of credit          outstanding             available

Committed credit facilities
  Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1) (2)                                                                             4,000                –                –                   2,190             1,810
   Unsecured term loan facility                                                                                                           5,324                –                –                        –            5,324
   Unsecured non-revolving credit facilities                                                                                                641               52                –                        –              589
   Other                                                                                                                                    106                –              71                         –                35

Total committed credit facilities                                                                                                       10,071                52              71                    2,190             7,758
Non-committed credit facilities
   Bell Canada                                                                                                                            1,810                –             512                         –            1,298
   Bell Mobility                                                                                                                            863             863                 –                        –                 –

Total non-committed credit facilities                                                                                                     2,673             863              512                         –            1,298
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                                                                     12,744              915              583                    2,190             9,056

(1) Bell Canada’s $2.7 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in November 2029 and its $1.3 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in November 2027.
(2) As of December 31, 2024, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $1,522 million in U.S. dollars ($2,190 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell Canada’s commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt due
    within one year.


Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper                                         In 2023, Bell Mobility entered into a $600 million U.S. dollar uncommitted trade loan
programs up to the maximum aggregate principal amount of $3.0 billion in either                                  agreement to finance certain purchase obligations. Loan requests were made until
Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount of                                  April 30, 2024, with each loan having a term of up to 24 months. The loan agreement
notes exceed $3.5 billion in Canadian currency.                                                                  has been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations.
Effective November 22, 2024, the maximum amount of Bell Canada’s committed                                       Some of our credit agreements require us to meet specific financial ratios and to
unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities was increased in the aggregate                               offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or
by $500 million as compared to December 31, 2023. The total amount of the net                                    Bell Canada. In addition, some of our debt agreements require us to make an offer
available committed revolving and expansion credit facilities may be drawn at any                                to repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of
time.                                                                                                            control event as defined in the relevant debt agreements. We are in compliance with
                                                                                                                 all conditions and restrictions under such agreements.
On November 1, 2024, Bell Canada entered into the Commitment Letter for the
$3,700 million in U.S. dollars ($5,324 million in Canadian dollars) Ziply Term
Facility that can be drawn to finance the acquisition of Ziply Fiber. Subsequent to
                                                                                                                 Supplier finance arrangements
year end and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Commitment Letter, Bell                                 Supplier finance arrangements are agreements whereby a finance provider pays
Canada made reductions of $965 million in U.S. dollars ($1,375 million in                                        amounts to a participating supplier in respect of invoices owed by BCE and receives
Canadian dollars) in the aggregate amount of the Commitment Letter, decreasing                                   the settlement from BCE at a later date. These arrangements have an average term
the commitment thereunder to $2,735 million in U.S. dollars ($3,949 million in                                   of 5 years, whereas comparable trade payables would have payment terms between
Canadian dollars).                                                                                               30 and 60 days.


Cash requirements
Capital expenditures                                                                                             Post-employment benefit plans funding
In 2025, our planned capital spending will be focused on our strategic imperatives,                              Our post-employment benefit plans include DB pension and DC pension plans, as
reflecting an appropriate level of investment in our networks and services. As a                                 well as other post-employment benefits (OPEBs) plans. The funding requirements of
direct result of the CRTC’s rejection on February 3, 2025 of a Governor-in-Council                               our post-employment benefit plans, resulting from valuations of our plan assets and
request to reconsider its November 2023 decision that provided large carriers                                    liabilities, depend on a number of factors, including actual returns on post-
temporary wholesale tariffed access to Bell’s FTTP network, we expect to reduce                                  employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest rates, plan demographics, and
our capital expenditures by more than we anticipated would be the case for 2025.                                 applicable regulations and actuarial standards. Actuarial valuations were last
Consequently, our near-term fibre build target of 8.3 million locations by the end of                            performed for our significant post-employment benefit plans as at December 31,
2025 will not be reached.                                                                                        2023.
                                                                                                                 We expect to contribute approximately $30 million to our DB pension plans in 2025,
                                                                                                                 subject to actuarial valuations being completed. We expect to contribute
                                                                                                                 approximately $10 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately
                                                                                                                 $60 million to beneficiaries under OPEB plans in 2025.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            75
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


Common share dividend                                                                     share dividend and common share dividend payout policy will continue to be
                                                                                          reviewed by BCE’s Board. In its review, BCE’s Board will consider the competitive,
On February 6, 2025, BCE’s Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.9975 per             macroeconomic and regulatory environments as well as progress being made on
common share, payable on April 15, 2025 to shareholders of record at the close of         BCE’s strategic and operational roadmap.
business on March 14, 2025. BCE’s common

Contractual obligations
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2024 that are due in each of the next five years and thereafter.

At December 31, 2024                                                             2025         2026          2027           2028           2029         Thereafter         Total

Recognized financial liabilities
     Total debt, excluding lease liabilities                                    2,769        1,988         1,771          2,139          1,490           22,114          32,271
     Lease liabilities (1)                                                      1,258          991           493            392            332            2,047           5,513
     Notes payable                                                              2,203           –              –              –              –                 –          2,203
     Loan secured by receivables                                                1,600           –              –              –              –                 –          1,600
     Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable and loan secured by
         receivables                                                            1,491        1,255         1,213          1,155          1,055           12,037          18,206
     Net receipts on cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate
        swaps                                                                     (64)         (61)          (40)           (40)           (39)           (1,322)         (1,566)
Commitments
     Commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets        1,747        1,133           589            304           307              1,109          5,189
     Purchase obligations                                                         711         617            381            257           240                612          2,818
     Planned acquisition of Ziply Fiber                                         7,000            –             –              –              –                 –          7,000
     Leases committed not yet commenced                                             6            1             –              –              –                 –              7
Total                                                                          18,721        5,924         4,407          4,207          3,385           36,597          73,241

(1) Includes imputed interest of $922 million.


We are also exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities due within one year as    Utilities Commissions and, as such, there can be no assurance that the transaction
shown in the statements of financial position.                                            will ultimately be consummated. The proposed acquisition is expected to close in the
                                                                                          second half of 2025.
Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include
program and feature film rights and investments to expand and update our                  Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include real estate, OOH
networks to meet customer demand.                                                         advertising spaces and fibre use. These leases are non-cancellable.
Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product
contracts for operating expenditures and other purchase obligations.                      Indemnifications and guarantees
                                                                                          As a regular part of our business, we enter into agreements that provide for
On November 4, 2024, BCE announced that Bell Canada had entered into an                   indemnifications and guarantees to counterparties in transactions involving business
agreement to acquire Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific      dispositions, sales of assets, sales of services, purchases and development of
Northwest of the U.S., for approximately $3.65 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately     assets, securitization agreements and leases. While some of the agreements specify
$5 billion in Canadian dollars) in cash and the assumption of outstanding net debt        a maximum potential exposure, many do not specify a maximum amount or
of approximately $1.45 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $2 billion in Canadian      termination date.
dollars) to be rolled over at transaction close, representing a transaction value of
approximately $5.1 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $7 billion in Canadian          We cannot reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount we could be required
dollars). The transaction is subject to certain customary closing conditions and the      to pay counterparties because of the nature of almost all of these indemnifications
receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including the Federal Communications             and guarantees. As a result, we cannot determine how they could affect our future
Commission, and approvals by state Public                                                 liquidity, capital resources or credit risk profile. We have not made any significant
                                                                                          payments under indemnifications or guarantees in the past.



6.8 Litigation
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal        merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 6, 2025, management
proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In particular, because of          believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal proceedings is unlikely
the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class actions               to have a material and negative effect on our financial statements or operations. We
pursuant to which substantial monetary damages may be claimed. Due to the                 believe that we have strong defences and we intend to vigorously defend our
inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot predict the final   positions.
outcome or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and
based on information currently available and management’s assessment of the               For a description of important legal proceedings pending at March 6, 2025, please
                                                                                          see the section entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2024 AIF.

76        BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information




7               Selected annual and
                quarterly information
7.1          Annual financial information
The following table shows selected consolidated financial data of BCE for 2024, 2023 and 2022 based on the annual consolidated financial statements, which are prepared
in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). We discuss the factors that caused our results to vary
over the past two years throughout this MD&A.

                                                                                                                             2024              2023               2022

Consolidated income statements
Operating revenues
   Service                                                                                                                21,073             21,154            20,956
   Product                                                                                                                  3,336             3,519             3,218

Total operating revenues                                                                                                  24,409             24,673            24,174
Operating costs                                                                                                           (13,820)          (14,256)           (13,975)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                           10,589             10,417            10,199
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                       (454)             (200)               (94)
Depreciation                                                                                                               (3,758)           (3,745)            (3,660)
Amortization                                                                                                               (1,283)           (1,173)            (1,063)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                                        (1,713)           (1,475)            (1,146)
   Net return on post-employment benefit obligations                                                                          66                108                51
Impairment of assets                                                                                                       (2,190)             (143)             (279)
Other expense                                                                                                               (305)              (466)              (115)
Income taxes                                                                                                                (577)              (996)             (967)

Net earnings                                                                                                                 375              2,327             2,926
Net earnings attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                                                                                       163              2,076             2,716
   Preferred shareholders                                                                                                    181                187               152
   Non-controlling interest                                                                                                   31                 64                58

Net earnings                                                                                                                 375              2,327             2,926
Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted                                                                            0.18              2.28               2.98

Ratios
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%)                                                                                                 43.4%             42.2%              42.2%

                                                                                                                                                                     77
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

                                                                                                                                      2024      2023      2022

Consolidated statements of financial position
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                       30,001    30,352    29,256
Total assets                                                                                                                        73,485    71,940    69,329
Debt due within one year (including notes payable and loans secured by receivables)                                                  7,669     5,042     4,137
Long-term debt                                                                                                                      32,835    31,135    27,783
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                       41,279    39,276    35,345
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                             17,071    20,229    22,178
Total equity                                                                                                                        17,360    20,557    22,515

Consolidated statements of cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                 6,988     7,946     8,365
Cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                             (4,438)   (5,781)   (5,517)
     Capital expenditures                                                                                                           (3,897)   (4,581)   (5,133)
     Decrease (increase) in short-term investments                                                                                    600     (1,000)        –
     Business acquisitions                                                                                                            (624)     (222)     (429)
     Business dispositions                                                                                                               –       209        52
     Spectrum licences                                                                                                                (531)     (183)       (3)
Cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                             (1,750)   (1,542)   (2,988)
     Issue of common shares                                                                                                              –       18       171
     Increase (decrease) in notes payable                                                                                            1,945      (646)     111
     Increase in securitized receivables                                                                                                 –         –      700
     Issue of long-term debt                                                                                                         3,834     5,195     1,951
     Repayment of long-term debt                                                                                                    (3,303)   (1,858)   (2,023)
     Repurchase of a financial liability                                                                                                 –      (149)        –
     Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                                           (3,613)   (3,486)   (3,312)
     Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                          (187)     (182)     (136)
     Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                                   (68)      (47)      (39)
Free cash flow                                                                                                                       2,888     3,144     3,067

Share information
Weighted average number of common shares (millions)                                                                                  912.3     912.2     911.5
Common shares outstanding at end of year (millions)                                                                                  912.3     912.3     912.0
Market capitalization (1)                                                                                                           30,398    47,595    54,255
Dividends declared per common share (dollars)                                                                                         3.99      3.87      3.68
Dividends declared on common shares                                                                                                 (3,646)   (3,530)   (3,356)
Dividends declared on preferred shares                                                                                                (181)     (187)     (152)
Closing market price per common share (dollars)                                                                                      33.32     52.17     59.49

Ratios
Capital intensity (%)                                                                                                               16.0%     18.6%     21.2%
Price to earnings ratio (times) (2)                                                                                                 185.11     22.88     19.96

Other data
Number of employees (thousands)                                                                                                        40        45        45

(1) BCE’s common share price at the end of the year multiplied by the number of common shares outstanding at the end of the year.
(2) Price to earnings ratio is defined as BCE’s common share price at the end of the year divided by EPS.

78        BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information



7.2          Quarterly financial information
The following table shows selected BCE consolidated financial data by quarter for 2024 and 2023. This quarterly information is unaudited but has been prepared on the
same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements. We discuss the factors that caused our results to vary over the past eight quarters throughout this MD&A.

                                                                                                 2024                                                   2023

                                                                              Q4          Q3              Q2           Q1              Q4        Q3               Q2           Q1

Operating revenues
   Service                                                                  5,287      5,286            5,308      5,192          5,348       5,281            5,303        5,222
   Product                                                                  1,135        685             697         819          1,125         799              763          832

Total operating revenues                                                    6,422      5,971            6,005      6,011          6,473       6,080            6,066        6,054
Adjusted EBITDA                                                             2,605      2,722            2,697      2,565          2,567       2,667            2,645        2,538
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                       (154)        (49)            (22)      (229)              (41)      (10)           (100)         (49)
Depreciation                                                                 (933)      (934)            (945)      (946)          (954)       (937)            (936)        (918)
Amortization                                                                 (317)      (325)            (325)      (316)          (299)       (295)            (296)        (283)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                          (431)      (440)            (426)      (416)          (399)       (373)            (359)        (344)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                17          16              17          16               27        27               27           27
Impairment of assets                                                           (4)     (2,113)            (60)        (13)         (109)           –                –         (34)
Other (expense) income                                                       (103)        (63)           (101)        (38)         (147)       (129)             (311)        121
Income taxes                                                                 (175)         (5)           (231)      (166)          (210)       (243)            (273)        (270)
Net earnings (loss)                                                          505       (1,191)           604         457               435      707              397          788

Net earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders                      461       (1,237)           537         402               382      640              329          725
Net earnings (loss) per common share – Basic and diluted                     0.51       (1.36)           0.59       0.44           0.42        0.70             0.37         0.79

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – basic (millions)     912.3      912.3            912.3      912.3          912.3       912.3            912.2        912.1

Other information
Cash flows from operating activities                                        1,877      1,842            2,137      1,132          2,373       1,961            2,365        1,247
Free cash flow                                                               874         832            1,097         85          1,289         754            1,016           85
Capital expenditures                                                         (963)      (954)            (978)     (1,002)       (1,029)      (1,159)          (1,307)     (1,086)




Fourth quarter highlights
Operating revenues                                                                                       Q4 2024             Q4 2023            $ change                 % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                  5,681               5,744                     (63)                (1.1%)
Bell Media                                                                                                  832                 822                     10                  1.2%
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                  (91)                (93)                      2                 2.2%

Total BCE operating revenues                                                                              6,422               6,473                     (51)                (0.8%)


Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                          Q4 2024             Q4 2023            $ change                 % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                  2,436               2,419                     17                  0.7%
Bell Media                                                                                                  169                 148                     21                 14.2%

Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                 2,605               2,567                     38                  1.5%

                                                                                                                                                                                79
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

Total operating revenues at BCE decreased by 0.8% in the quarter, compared to          Bell Media operating revenues increased by 1.2% in Q4 2024, compared to the
Q4 2023, driven by lower service revenues of 1.1%, partly offset by higher product     same period last year, driven by higher subscriber and advertising revenues,
revenues of 0.9%. Bell CTS operating revenues decreased by 1.1% year over              including growth in digital revenues of 6.3%. Subscriber revenues increased by 2.0%
year, attributable to reduced service revenues of 1.6%, resulting from ongoing         year over year, due to higher streaming revenues mainly from Crave and sports,
voice revenue erosion and lower wireless revenues, mitigated in part by higher         partly offset by a retroactive adjustment in Q4 2023 related to a contract with a
data revenues. This decline in revenues was moderated by higher Bell CTS               Canadian TV distributor and lower year-over-year BDU subscribers. Advertising
product revenues of 0.9% year over year. Bell Media operating revenues increased       revenues increased by 0.4% year over year, due to higher OOH revenues from the
by 1.2% year over year, from higher subscriber and advertising revenues.               acquisition of OUTEDGE in June 2024, and stronger sports specialty TV
                                                                                       performance, partly offset by continued lower demand for traditional broadcast TV
BCE net earnings increased by 16.1% in Q4 2024, compared to Q4 2023, mainly            advertising.
due to lower impairment of assets, lower other expense, higher adjusted EBITDA
and lower income taxes, partly offset by higher severance, acquisition and other       Bell Media adjusted EBITDA grew by 14.2% in Q4 2024, compared to the same
costs and higher interest expense.                                                     period last year, driven by higher operating revenues and lower operating costs. The
                                                                                       decrease in operating costs of 1.6% reflected the favourable impact of restructuring
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA grew by 1.5% in Q4 2024, compared to Q4 2023, driven             initiatives undertaken over the past year as a result of the unfavourable economic
by greater contributions from our Bell Media and Bell CTS segments of 14.2% and        and broadcasting regulatory environments and lower content costs, partly offset by
0.7%, respectively. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EBITDA was due to          greater costs related to the acquisition of OUTEDGE.
lower operating costs of 2.3%, reflecting cost reduction initiatives, mainly
attributable to workforce reductions, cost containment and other operating             BCE capital expenditures of $963 million in Q4 2024, decreased by $66 million or
efficiencies, partly offset by reduced operating revenues. This drove a                6.4% year over year, corresponding to a capital intensity ratio of 15.0%, down
corresponding adjusted EBITDA margin of 40.6% in Q4 2024, up 0.9 pts over the          0.9 pts over the same period last year, mainly driven by lower spending in Bell CTS
same period last year, reflecting reduced operating expenses, moderated by lower       of $68 million, in line with a planned reduction in capital spending, primarily driven by
service revenue flow-through.                                                          slower FTTP footprint expansion, regulatory decisions that discourage network
                                                                                       investment, and the realization of efficiencies from prior investments in digital
Bell CTS operating revenues decreased by 1.1% in Q4 2024, compared to the              transformation initiatives.
same period in 2023, due to lower service revenues of 1.6%, moderated by higher
product revenues of 0.9%. The decline in service revenues reflected greater            BCE severance, acquisition and other costs of $154 million in Q4 2024 increased
acquisition, retention and bundle discounts on wireline residential services,          by $113 million, compared to Q4 2023, mainly due to higher severance costs related
ongoing erosion in voice, and satellite TV services, along with lower IP broadband     to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations, partly offset by lower acquisition
revenues, as well as continued wireless competitive pricing pressures coupled with     and other costs.
lower wireless data overages and outbound roaming revenues. This was partly
offset by growth in our mobile phone, connected device, Internet and IPTV              BCE depreciation of $933 million in Q4 2024 decreased by $21 million, year over
subscriber bases along with the flow-through of wireless and residential wireline      year, mainly due to a lower asset base.
rate increases, the contribution from small acquisitions made during the past year,    BCE amortization of $317 million in Q4 2024 increased by $18 million, year over
and growth in business solutions services revenues. The year-over-year increase        year, mainly due to a higher asset base.
in product revenues was driven by higher wireline product revenues, mainly from
greater land mobile radio systems sales to the government sector, partly offset by     BCE interest expense of $431 million in Q4 2024 increased by $32 million,
lower wireless product revenues, mainly from reduced consumer electronics sales        compared to Q4 2023, mainly due to higher average debt balances, partly offset by
due to permanent store closures of The Source and conversion to Best Buy               lower interest rates.
Express as part of our distribution partnership with Best Buy Canada, moderated
by higher wireless device revenues resulting from a greater sales mix of premium       BCE impairment of assets of $4 million in Q4 2024 decreased by $105 million,
mobile phones.                                                                         compared to Q4 2023, mainly due to impairment charges for French TV channels
                                                                                       within our Bell Media segment in 2023.
Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA increased by 0.7% in Q4 2024, compared to Q4 2023,
from lower operating costs, partly offset by lower operating revenues. The decline     BCE other expense of $103 million in Q4 2024 decreased by $44 million, year over
in operating costs of 2.4% was driven by cost reduction initiatives, resulting from    year, mainly due to lower losses on our equity investments in associates and joint
workforce reductions, permanent closures of The Source stores as part of our           ventures which included a loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at fair
distribution partnership with Best Buy Canada, as well as automation-enabled           value the minority interest in MLSE in 2023 and higher interest income, partly offset
operating efficiencies, partly offset by greater costs related to small acquisitions   by higher net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge
made during the past year. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 42.9% in Q4 2024,                 equity settled share-based compensation plans.
increased by 0.8 points over Q4 2023, due to reduced operating expenses,               BCE income taxes of $175 million in Q4 2024 decreased by $35 million, compared
moderated by lower service revenue flow-through.                                       to Q4 2023, mainly due to lower taxable income.

80     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

BCE net earnings attributable to common shareholders of $461 million in                BCE cash flows from operating activities was $1,877 million in
Q4 2024, or $0.51 per share, were higher than the $382 million, or $0.42 per           Q4 2024 compared to $2,373 million in Q4 2023. The decrease was mainly
share, reported in Q4 2023. The year-over-year increase was mainly due to lower        attributed to lower cash from working capital, higher interest paid and higher income
impairment of assets, lower other expense, higher adjusted EBITDA and lower            taxes paid, partly offset by higher EBITDA.
income taxes, partly offset by higher severance, acquisition and other costs and
higher interest expense. Adjusted net earnings increased to $719 million in            BCE free cash flow generated in Q4 2024 was $874 million, compared to
Q4 2024, compared to $691 million in Q4 2023, and adjusted EPS increased to            $1,289 million in Q4 2023. The decrease was mainly attributable to lower cash flows
$0.79 from $0.76 in Q4 2023.                                                           from operating activities, excluding cash from acquisition and other costs paid, partly
                                                                                       offset by lower capital expenditures.


Seasonality considerations
Some of our revenues and expenses vary slightly by season, which may impact            Wireline service and product revenues tend to be higher in the fourth quarter
quarter-to-quarter financial results.                                                  because of historically higher data and equipment product sales to business
                                                                                       customers. However, this may vary from year to year depending on the strength of
Wireless service and product revenues are influenced by the timing of new mobile       the economy and the presence of targeted sales initiatives, which can influence
device launches and seasonal promotional periods, such as back-to-school, Black        customer spending. Home Phone, TV and Internet subscriber activity is subject to
Friday and the Christmas holiday period, as well as the level of overall competitive   modest seasonal fluctuations, attributable largely to residential moves during the
intensity. Because of these seasonal effects, subscriber additions and retention       summer months and the back-to-school period in the third quarter. Targeted
costs due to device upgrades related to contract renewals are typically higher in      marketing efforts conducted during various times of the year to coincide with special
the third and fourth quarters. For ARPU, historically we have experienced seasonal     events or broad-based marketing campaigns also may have an impact on overall
sequential increases in the second and third quarters, due to higher levels of         wireline service and product revenues.
usage and roaming in the spring and summer months, followed by historical
seasonal sequential declines in the fourth and first quarters. However, this           Bell Media revenue and related expenses from TV and radio broadcasting are
seasonal effect on ARPU has moderated, as unlimited and larger capacity data           largely derived from the sale of advertising, the demand for which is affected by
options and North America wide plans have become more prevalent, resulting in          prevailing economic conditions as well as cyclical and seasonal variations. Seasonal
less variability in chargeable data usage.                                             variations in video are driven by the strength of TV ratings, particularly during the fall
                                                                                       programming season, major sports league seasons and other special sporting
                                                                                       events such as the Olympic Games, National Hockey League (NHL) and NBA
                                                                                       playoffs and FIFA World Cup soccer, as well as fluctuations in consumer retail
                                                                                       activity during the year.

                                                                                                                                                                              81
8 MD&A Regulatory environment




8            Regulatory environment
8.1        Introduction
This section describes certain legislation that governs our business and provides          competitors to our wireline and wireless networks and the rates we can charge them.
highlights of recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings, government                    Notably, it currently mandates wholesale high-speed access for wireline broadband
consultations and government positions that affect us, influence our business and          as well as domestic wireless roaming services and a wholesale facilities-based
may continue to affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. Bell Canada and          MVNO access service. Lower mandated wholesale rates or the imposition of
several of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Bell Mobility, Bell ExpressVu   unfavourable terms for mandated services would undermine our incentives to invest
Limited Partnership (ExpressVu), Bell Media, NorthernTel, Limited Partnership              in network improvements and extensions, limit our flexibility, influence the market
(NorthernTel), Télébec, Limited Partnership (Télébec), Group Maskatel Québec LP            structure, improve the business position of our competitors, limit network-based
(Maskatel) and Northwestel, are governed by the Telecommunications Act, the                differentiation of our services and negatively impact the financial performance of our
Broadcasting Act, the Radiocommunication Act and/or the Bell Canada Act. Our               businesses. Our TV distribution and our TV and radio broadcasting businesses are
business is affected by regulations, policies and decisions made by various                subject to the Broadcasting Act and are, for the most part, not subject to retail price
regulatory agencies, including the CRTC, a quasi-judicial agency of the                    regulation.
Government of Canada responsible for regulating Canada’s telecommunications
and broadcasting industries, and other federal government departments, in                  Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies
particular ISED and the Competition Bureau.                                                and departments such as the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition
                                                                                           Bureau continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as establishing
In particular, the CRTC regulates the prices we can charge for retail                      and modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions, the
telecommunications services when it determines there is not enough competition             imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast
to protect the interests of consumers. The CRTC has determined that competition            and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity
is sufficient to grant forbearance from retail price regulation under the                  obligations, and control of copyright piracy. Adverse decisions by governments or
Telecommunications Act for the vast majority of our retail wireline and wireless           regulatory agencies, increasing regulation or a lack of effective anti-piracy remedies
telecommunications services. The CRTC can also mandate the provision of access             could have negative financial, operational, reputational or competitive consequences
by                                                                                         for our business.




8.2        Telecommunications Act
The Telecommunications Act governs telecommunications in Canada. It defines                tariff regime but instead be commercially negotiated between the parties with final
the broad objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy and provides the                offer arbitration (FOA) by the CRTC as a recourse if negotiations fail. The CRTC
Government of Canada with the power to give general direction to the CRTC on               indicated that the mandated access service is intended to be a temporary measure
any of its policy objectives. It applies to several of the BCE group of companies          and will, in the absence of certain implementation delays, be phased out seven
and partnerships, including Bell Canada, Bell Mobility, NorthernTel, Télébec,              years from the date tariffed terms and conditions are finalized. In the decision, the
Maskatel and Northwestel.                                                                  CRTC has also required Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc. and
                                                                                           Telus Communications Inc. to provide seamless handoffs as part of the CRTC’s
Under the Telecommunications Act, all facilities-based telecommunications service          existing mandated domestic roaming service and has confirmed that its mandatory
providers in Canada, known as telecommunications common carriers (TCCs),                   roaming obligations apply to 5G. On July 14, 2021, Bell Mobility, Rogers
must seek regulatory approval for all telecommunications services, unless the              Communications Canada Inc., Telus Communications Inc. and SaskTel filed
services are exempt or forborne from regulation. Most retail services offered by the       proposed tariff terms and conditions for the mandated MVNO access service and
BCE group of companies are forborne from retail regulation. The CRTC may                   Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc. and Telus Communications Inc.
exempt an entire class of carriers from regulation under the Telecommunications            filed proposed amendments to their mandated roaming tariffs to reflect the CRTC’s
Act if the exemption meets the objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy.           determinations. On April 6, 2022, the CRTC issued a decision on the mandated
In addition, a few large TCCs, including those in the BCE group, must also meet            roaming tariffs in which it directed Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada
certain Canadian ownership requirements. BCE monitors and periodically reports             Inc. and Telus Communications Inc. to make specified changes to their tariffs by
on the level of non-Canadian ownership of its common shares.                               April 21, 2022, for CRTC approval.

Review of mobile wireless services                                                         On October 19, 2022, the CRTC issued a decision in which it made certain
                                                                                           determinations regarding the terms and conditions of the proposed MVNO tariffs
On April 15, 2021, the CRTC released a decision, requiring Bell Mobility, Rogers           previously filed by Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc.,Telus
Communications Canada Inc., Telus Communications Inc. and SaskTel to provide               Communications Inc. and SaskTel, and directed them to file revised tariffs reflecting
MVNO access to their networks to regional wireless carriers to allow them to               these determinations within 30 days. In the decision, the CRTC directed Bell
operate as MVNOs in ISED Tier 4 spectrum licence areas where they own                      Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Telus Communications Inc. and
spectrum. While the terms and conditions for MVNO access would be established              SaskTel to offer MVNO access service to regional carriers with a home radio access
in tariffs to be approved by the CRTC, the rate for MVNO access would not be               network
subject to the CRTC

82     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
8 MD&A Regulatory environment

(RAN) and core network actively offering mobile wireless services commercially to        CRTC examination of retail rates
retail customers in Canada, and confirmed that similar terms and conditions related
to seamless handoffs and 5G in the domestic roaming tariffs should apply to the          for international roaming
mandated MVNO tariffs. The CRTC required Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications            On October 7, 2024, the CRTC issued a letter to each of Bell Mobility, Rogers
Canada Inc., Telus Communications Inc. and SaskTel to begin accepting requests           Communications Canada Inc. and Telus Communications Inc. indicating that
for MVNO access from regional wireless carriers from the date of the decision. Bell      following a review it had conducted of fees that Canadians pay when they travel
Mobility is required to provide access to the mandated MVNO service in all               internationally, it had certain concerns with respect to the choice available to
provinces (excluding Saskatchewan) and in the three territories. It is unclear at this   Canadians when roaming and roaming rates. The CRTC indicated that it expected
time what impact, if any, the measures set out in this decision could have on our        Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc. and Telus Communications Inc.
business and financial results, and our ability to make investments at the same          to report back to the CRTC by November 4, 2024 on the steps they are taking to
levels as we have in the past. In Q3 2023, we began providing MVNO access                respond to these concerns and that if it determines that sufficient action is not taken,
service on Bell Mobility’s network in certain regions and expect that use of the         it will launch a formal proceeding. Each of the three carriers filed their responses on
service on our network by our wholesale customers will continue to expand in the         November 4, 2024 setting out their plans to the CRTC. While the timing and
future.                                                                                  outcome of any further CRTC process regarding our international roaming rates is
                                                                                         currently unknown and it is unclear what impact, if any, such a process could have,
On July 13, 2023, the CRTC accepted a request from Québecor Media Inc. to                any action by the CRTC to regulate the rates or attributes of the international
initiate FOA in respect of rates for MVNO access service from Bell Mobility. On          roaming offerings of wireless carriers is likely to have a negative impact on our
October 10, 2023, the CRTC issued a decision selecting the rate proposed by Bell         business and financial results.
Mobility. On December 15, 2023, Québecor Media Inc. filed a Part 1 application
seeking the CRTC’s intervention in determining the start date for the MVNO
access service from Bell Mobility, alleging Bell Mobility had improperly denied          Review of wholesale FTTN high-speed access
Québecor Media Inc. access subsequent to the release of the CRTC’s FOA                   service rates
decision. On August 29, 2024, the CRTC denied Québecor Media Inc.’s application          As part of its ongoing review of wholesale Internet rates, on October 6, 2016, the
and set September 12, 2024 as the start date for Bell Mobility’s MVNO access             CRTC significantly reduced, on an interim basis, some of the wholesale rates that
service, directing the parties to enter into an MVNO access agreement by such            Bell Canada and other major providers charge for access by third-party Internet
date. Consistent with the CRTC’s decision, the parties entered into an MVNO              resellers to FTTN or cable networks, as applicable. On August 15, 2019, the CRTC
access agreement as of September 12, 2024 under which Québecor Media Inc. is             further reduced the wholesale rates that Internet resellers pay to access network
now receiving MVNO access from Bell Mobility.                                            infrastructure built by facilities-based providers like Bell Canada, with retroactive
On November 27, 2024, Québecor Media Inc. filed another Part 1 application               effect to March 2016.
asking the CRTC to review and vary its previous decision. Québecor Media Inc.            The August 2019 decision was stayed, first by the Federal Court of Appeal and then
requested that the CRTC order Bell Mobility to reimburse them for the difference         by the CRTC, with the result that it never came into effect. In response to review and
between the roaming fees charged to Québecor Media Inc. from October 11, 2023            vary applications filed by each of Bell Canada, five major cable carriers (Cogeco
to September 12, 2024, and the amount Québecor Media Inc. would have been                Communications Inc., Eastlink, Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Shaw and
charged had the MVNO access rate been applied from October 11, 2023. On                  Vidéotron Ltd.) and Telus Communications Inc., the CRTC issued Decision
January 20, 2025, Bell Mobility submitted its response, asking the CRTC to deny          2021-181 on May 27, 2021, which mostly reinstated the rates prevailing prior to
Québecor Media Inc.’s application because it did not meet the CRTC’s established         August 2019 with some reductions to the Bell Canada rates with retroactive effect to
test for a review of the decision.                                                       March 2016. As a result, in the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a reduction in
The CRTC previously accepted a joint request for FOA from Rogers                         revenue of $44 million in our consolidated income statements.
Communications Canada Inc. and Québecor Media Inc. On July 24, 2023, the                 While there remains a requirement to refund monies to third-party Internet resellers,
CRTC issued a decision selecting the rate proposed by Québecor Media Inc. In the         the establishment of final wholesale rates that are similar to those prevailing
decision, the CRTC made a number of findings or determinations that indicate a           since 2019 reduces the impact of the CRTC’s long-running review of wholesale
continued trend toward downplaying the importance of incentives for investment in        Internet rates. In a Federal Court of Appeal order dated September 15, 2021, the
telecommunications networks in Canada. While the CRTC’s determination in Bell            largest reseller, TekSavvy Solutions Inc., obtained leave to appeal the CRTC’s
Mobility’s FOA with Québecor Media Inc. appears to have moderated this                   decision of May 27, 2021 before the Federal Court of Appeal. On July 22, 2024, the
approach by highlighting the importance of providing a return on investment to           Federal Court of Appeal issued a decision rejecting TekSavvy Solutions Inc.’s appeal
facilities-based carriers, adverse regulatory decisions such as the Rogers               of Decision 2021-181 pursuant to which the CRTC had, in May 2021, mostly
Communications Canada Inc. and Québecor Media Inc. FOA decision are                      reinstated wholesale Internet rates prevailing prior to August 2019. On
expected to impact the specific nature, magnitude, location and timing of our future     September 30, 2024, TekSavvy Solutions Inc. sought leave to appeal that decision to
wireless and wireline investment decisions. On August 23, 2023, Rogers                   the Supreme Court of Canada.
Communications Canada Inc. sought leave to appeal the CRTC’s FOA decision
with the Federal Court of Appeal. On August 16, 2024, the Federal Court of Appeal        The decision was also challenged in three petitions brought by TekSavvy Solutions
granted Rogers Communications Canada Inc.’s application.                                 Inc., Canadian Network Operators Consortium Inc. and National Capital Freenet
                                                                                         before Cabinet but, on May 26, 2022, Cabinet announced it would not alter the
                                                                                         decision.

                                                                                                                                                                              83
8 MD&A Regulatory environment


Review of the wholesale high-speed access                                               At this point, Bell Canada is still assessing the impact of the Final Decision. On
                                                                                        October 25, 2024, in Telecom Order CRTC 2024-261, the CRTC updated interim
service framework                                                                       rates for Ontario and Québec and set interim rates for the other provinces. If final
On March 8, 2023, the CRTC launched a consultation, TNC 2023-56, to review the          rates are established that are different from the interim rates, there is a risk they will
wholesale high-speed access framework.                                                  be applied retroactively.
On November 6, 2023, in Telecom Decision CRTC 2023-358 (the Interim                     Several parties, including the Competitive Network Operators of Canada, Cogeco
Decision), the CRTC determined that aggregated access to Bell Canada’s FTTP             Communications Inc., Eastlink, Rogers Communications Canada Inc. and TekSavvy
facilities in Ontario and Québec should be mandated on a temporary and                  Solutions Inc. have filed Part 1 applications asking the CRTC to review and vary
expedited basis, and the CRTC set interim access rates.                                 several aspects of the Final Decision. The CRTC has consolidated these Part
                                                                                        1 applications, and the record of the consolidated proceeding closed on
The imposition of an interim aggregated access to FTTP facilities obligation has        February 13, 2025.
undermined Bell Canada’s incentives to invest in next-generation wireline
networks. In February 2024, Bell Canada announced its intention to reduce capital       In a motion dated September 12, 2024, SaskTel has sought leave to appeal the Final
expenditures by over $1 billion over 2024 and 2025 combined, including a                Decision to the Federal Court of Appeal. The Competitive Network Operators of
minimum of $500 million in 2024, as a result of federal government policies and the     Canada, Cogeco Communications Inc., Eastlink and SaskTel have also filed a joint
Interim Decision. Bell Canada is currently ahead of plan having achieved nearly         appeal of the Final Decision to the Governor-in-Council. The Governor-in-Council
70% of that objective by the end of 2024.                                               must decide on this appeal on or before August, 13, 2025.
On February 2, 2024, Bell Canada filed an appeal of the Interim Decision to the         The maintenance, on a permanent basis, of an aggregated access to FTTP facilities
Governor-in-Council, and on November 6, 2024, the Governor-in-Council issued            obligation, particularly if Telus Communications Inc. and Rogers Communications
an order referring the Interim Decision back to the CRTC to reconsider, no later        Canada Inc. are eligible to use aggregated FTTP services in Ontario and Québec,
than 90 days after November 6, 2024, whether Bell Canada, Rogers                        would undermine Bell Canada’s incentive to invest in next-generation wireline
Communications Canada Inc. and Telus Communications Inc. and their affiliates           networks and would be expected to adversely impact our financial results.
should be prohibited from using aggregated FTTP services in Ontario and Québec
further to tariffs approved by the CRTC. In an application for judicial review to the   Review of the CRTC’s regulatory framework
Federal Court dated December 4, 2024, Telus Communications Inc. has sought an
order quashing the order of the Governor-in-Council. In a February 3, 2025              for Northwestel
decision, the CRTC determined that it would not vary the Interim Decision and           On January 16, 2025, the CRTC issued a decision in its proceeding to review the
would instead rule on the issue of whether Bell Canada, Rogers Communications           regulatory framework for Northwestel and the state of telecommunications services
Canada Inc. and Telus Communications Inc. and their affiliates should be                in Canada’s North. The decision imposed a number of obligations on Northwestel,
prohibited from using tariffed wholesale high-speed access services by summer           including obligations to provide automatic bill credits for lengthy Internet outages and
2025. As a result of the CRTC’s February 3, 2025 decision, our near-term fibre          to make certain changes to Northwestel’s existing wholesale transport service. The
build target of 8.3 million locations by the end of 2025 will not be reached.           CRTC did not impose new wholesale access obligations on Northwestel and did not
                                                                                        mandate rate reductions. The CRTC did announce that it would introduce a new
On August 13, 2024, in Telecom Regulatory Policy CRTC 2024-180 (the Final               retail Internet subsidy to improve affordability in the Far North, to be funded by the
Decision), the CRTC mandated that the interim obligation to provide wholesale           National Contribution Fund. On January 16, 2025, the CRTC initiated a new
aggregated access to Bell Canada’s FTTP facilities in Ontario and Québec, and to        proceeding (TNC 2025-10) to consider the implementation details of that subsidy,
Telus Communications Inc.’s FTTP facilities in Québec, would be made final.             including the amount.
Further, the Final Decision expanded the geographic scope of the Interim Decision
such that Bell Canada is required to provide wholesale aggregated access to its
FTTP facilities in Atlantic Canada and Manitoba by February 13, 2025. Telus             Implementing a retail Internet service subsidy
Communications Inc. and SaskTel are also required to provide aggregated access          in the Far North
to their respective FTTP facilities in Alberta, British Columbia, and Saskatchewan
by the same date. This obligation does not apply to any new FTTP networks that          On January 16, 2025, the CRTC issued a decision in its proceeding to review the
Bell Canada, Telus Communications Inc., or SaskTel make available at retail during      regulatory framework for Northwestel and the state of telecommunications services
the five-year period between August 13, 2024 and August 12, 2029. However, this         in Canada’s North. In this decision, the CRTC announced that it would introduce a
five-year period is not a continuously rolling period. Instead, all new FTTP            new retail Internet subsidy to improve affordability in the Far North, to be funded by
locations, regardless of when they are made available at retail, will be subject to a   the National Contribution Fund. On January 16, 2025, the CRTC initiated a new
wholesale aggregated access obligation as of August 12, 2029. Under the Final           proceeding (TNC 2025-10) to consider the implementation details of that subsidy,
Decision, cable companies are exempt from wholesale FTTP obligations and, as            including the amount. At this time, it is unclear what impact the CRTC’s decision in
such, are not required to provide wholesale access to their FTTP networks. Also,        the subsidy proceeding could have on our business and financial results, including
under the Final Decision, Bell Canada, SaskTel, Telus Communications Inc.,              any potential incremental increase that BCE may have to pay to the National
Cogeco Communications Inc., Eastlink, Rogers Communications Canada Inc.,                Contribution Fund as a result.
Québecor Media Inc., and their respective affiliates are not eligible to buy
mandated aggregated wholesale high-speed access, whether over copper, coaxial           CRTC review of access to poles
cable, or FTTP, within their traditional incumbent wireline footprints. As a result,    On February 15, 2023, the CRTC issued a decision which included a number of
Distributel and other Bell Canada brands were required to, and did, cease reselling     determinations to facilitate access by third parties to poles owned by Canadian
wholesale high-speed access over coaxial cable to new customers after                   carriers or poles to which Canadian carriers control access. Among other directions,
September 12, 2024.                                                                     the CRTC’s decision: establishes new timelines for each step in the pole access
                                                                                        permitting process; reduces the obligations of access seekers to pay costs for any
                                                                                        pole repairs,


84     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
8 MD&A Regulatory environment

upgrades or replacements required to accommodate the addition of the access              CRTC proceedings resulting from recent
seeker’s equipment; provides access seekers with greater flexibility to carry out
pole repairs and upgrades themselves; maintains the circumstances under which            amendments to the Telecommunications Act
pole owners may obtain priority access to poles or reserve capacity for their future     On November 22, 2024, the CRTC launched three public consultations to consider
use on poles; and imposes new notification and reporting obligations on pole             enhanced measures under the Wireless and Internet Codes to give Canadians more
owners. On April 3, 2023, large ILECs, including Bell Canada through Tariff Notices      flexibility to choose their mobile and Internet plans: Telecom Notice of Consultation
977 and 978 (TNs 977 and 978), updated their applicable tariffs to incorporate the       CRTC 2024-293, Call for Comments – Making it easier to choose a wireless phone
new determinations and these tariffs were approved by the CRTC on January 28,            or Internet service – Enhancing customer notification; Telecom Notice of
2025 through Telecom Order CRTC 2025-21 (Order 2025-21).                                 Consultation CRTC 2024-294, Call for comments – Making it easier to choose a
                                                                                         wireless phone or Internet service – Removing barriers to switching plans; and
On October 16, 2023, Bell Canada filed Tariff Notice 981 (TN 981) to revise the          Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC 2024-295, Call for comments – Making it
tariff pages for its National Services Tariff (NST) CRTC 7400 Item 901 – Support         easier to choose a wireless phone or Internet service – Enhancing self-service
Structure Service to reflect an updated monthly pole rental rate per unit applicable     mechanisms.
in its Ontario and Québec serving area, and is awaiting the CRTC’s decision on
this application. Given the CRTC has yet to provide an interim approval to this          The consultations follow the passing of Bill C-69, An Act to implement certain
application seeking an increase in rate but approved the changes in terms                provisions of the budget tabled in Parliament on April 16, 2024 (Bill C-69), which
submitted in TNs 977 and 978 on January 28, 2025, Bell Canada will be forced to          received royal assent on June 20, 2024. Bill C-69 includes amendments to the
absorb corrective work costs and process make ready on an accelerated basis at           Telecommunications Act directing the CRTC to implement certain specific measures
non-compensatory rates until TN 981 is approved or current rates are made                related to the arrangements between telecommunications providers and their
interim. This is why Bell recently reiterated its request to the CRTC that its current   customers, including prohibiting charging certain extra fees to switch carriers or
pole rate in Ontario and Québec be made interim, and on February 27, 2025, Bell          modify service arrangements. The amendments require the CRTC to specify the
submitted motions to the Federal Court of Appeal seeking a stay of, and leave to         type of fees to which the amendments will apply and the rules around how the
appeal Order 2025-21.                                                                    amendments will be implemented.
On February 5, 2024, the CRTC initiated a new consultation, as anticipated in its        On December 4, 2024, the CRTC issued another notice of consultation (TNC
February 15, 2023 decision, to consider the deployment of wireless facilities, such      2024-318, Making it easier for consumers to shop for Internet services) as a result of
as small cells, on ILEC-owned or -controlled support structures. The CRTC is             recent amendments to the Telecommunications Act through Bill C-288, which
examining issues including whether it has jurisdiction over small cell attachments       requires the CRTC to hold public hearings on how Internet service providers (ISPs)
on ILEC-owned poles, and if so, the applicability of existing ILECs’ support             should make certain information on fixed broadband services available to the public.
structure tariffs to wireless facilities and what regulatory changes, if any, are
required in connection with the deployment of advanced wireless technologies in          There are separate deadlines for submissions on these consultations over the
Canada. Interventions were filed in this proceeding on April 4, 2024 and final           course of 2025, including an oral proceeding with respect to TNC 2024-318 currently
replies were filed on May 6, 2024. At this time, it is unclear what impact the           scheduled to commence on June 10, 2025. The timing of any CRTC decision with
CRTC’s decision in this proceeding could have on our business and financial              respect to these proceedings is currently unknown and it is unclear what impact, if
results.                                                                                 any, these proceedings could have on our business and financial results. Any action
                                                                                         by the CRTC to regulate the fees charged by carriers, how customers switch
                                                                                         between carriers or how ISPs must share information with customers is likely to
Bill C-26, An Act Respecting Cyber Security                                              have a negative impact on our business and financial results as a result of increased
On June 14, 2022, the Government of Canada introduced Bill C-26, An Act                  operational costs or other negative outcomes.
Respecting Cyber Security (ARCS). ARCS would enact the Critical Cyber Systems
Protection Act, which would establish a regulatory framework requiring designated        Canada’s telecommunications foreign
operators in the finance, telecommunications, energy and transportation sectors to
protect their critical cyber systems. Also included in Bill C-26 are proposed            ownership rules
changes to the Telecommunications Act that would establish new authorities that          Under the Telecommunications Act, there are no foreign investment restrictions
would enable the Government to take action to promote the security of the                applicable to TCCs that have less than a 10% share of the total Canadian
Canadian telecommunications system, which could include measures with respect            telecommunications market as measured by annual revenues. However, foreign
to certain suppliers, such as Huawei and ZTE. If enacted, Bill C-26 would give the       investment in telecommunications companies can still be refused by the government
federal cabinet and the ISED Minister additional order-making powers and                 under the Investment Canada Act. The absence of foreign ownership restrictions on
establish an enforcement regime under which the Minister responsible for ISED            such small or new entrant TCCs could result in more foreign companies entering the
could impose administrative monetary penalties, among other actions. It is unclear       Canadian market, including by acquiring spectrum licences or Canadian TCCs.
at this time what impact the legislative changes could have on our business and
financial results.
On January 6, 2025, Parliament was prorogued until March 24, 2025. As a result,
legislation that has not received royal assent, including Bill C-26, is no longer
before Parliament. However, the same or similar legislation could be reintroduced
in a subsequent session of Parliament.

                                                                                                                                                                            85
8 MD&A Regulatory environment



8.3       Broadcasting Act
The Broadcasting Act outlines the broad objectives of Canada’s broadcasting            their Canadian broadcasting revenue as of September 2024 to certain funds set out
policy and assigns the regulation and supervision of the broadcasting system to        by the CRTC. However, Canadian streamers affiliated with a licensed broadcaster
the CRTC. Key policy objectives of the Broadcasting Act are to protect and             (for example, Bell Media’s linear Crave service available through cable companies)
strengthen the cultural, political, social and economic fabric of Canada and to        have been exempted from this requirement until the CRTC reviews the existing
encourage the development of Canadian expression.                                      regulatory obligations of traditional media properties. Foreign streamers, specifically
                                                                                       Amazon. com.ca ULC, Apple Canada Inc., the Motion Picture Association-Canada
Most broadcasting activities require a programming or distribution licence from the    (which represents Netflix Studios, LLC, Paramount Pictures Corporation, Sony
CRTC. The CRTC may exempt broadcasting undertakings from complying with                Pictures Entertainment Inc., Universal City Studios LLC, Walt Disney Studios Motion
certain licensing and regulatory requirements if it is satisfied that non-compliance   Pictures, and Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.) and Spotify AB, have each sought
will not materially affect the implementation of Canadian broadcasting policy. A       leave to appeal and/or judicial review of the CRTC’s decision. Each company has
corporation must also meet certain Canadian ownership and control requirements         challenged various different aspects of the decision, including, in some cases, the
to obtain a programming or distribution licence, and corporations must have the        reasonableness of the CRTC exempting Canadian streamers affiliated with licensed
CRTC’s approval before they can transfer effective control of a broadcasting           broadcasters but not exempting foreign streamers. The CRTC continues to launch
licensee.                                                                              additional consultations, including on how to support the creation of Canadian and
Our TV distribution operations and our TV and radio broadcasting operations are        Indigenous content (both audio-visual and audio), as well as diversity, inclusion and
subject to the requirements of the Broadcasting Act, the policies and decisions of     discoverability issues (see Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2024-288 and
the CRTC and their respective broadcasting licences. Any changes in the                Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2025-52 below). In addition, the CRTC
Broadcasting Act, amendments to regulations or the adoption of new ones, or            has initiated a consultation on ensuring a sustainable broadcasting system (see
amendments to licences, could negatively affect our competitive position or the        Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2025-2 below). As a last step, the CRTC
cost of providing services.                                                            intends to finalize each undertaking’s or ownership group’s contribution
                                                                                       requirements, presumably as part of our group licence renewal. The timing and
                                                                                       outcome of all of these proceedings is unknown. Therefore, the impact that these
Bill C-11, An Act to amend the Broadcasting Act                                        regulatory changes could have on our business and financial results is unclear at
On April 27, 2023, Bill C-11, An Act to amend the Broadcasting Act and to make         this time.
related and consequential amendments to other Acts, received royal assent. Key
among the amendments in Bill C-11 is the immediate elimination of CRTC Part II         Broadcasting Notice of Consultation
Licence Fees whereby the broadcasting industry paid an annual tax of
approximately $125 million per year. In addition, foreign online broadcasting          CRTC 2024-288
undertakings doing business in Canada will be required to contribute to the            On November 15, 2024, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation
Canadian broadcasting system in a manner that the CRTC deems appropriate.              CRTC 2024-288, The Path Forward – Defining “Canadian Program” and supporting
The specifics of such contributions will be determined through the CRTC’s public       the creation and distribution of Canadian programming in the audio-visual sector.
consultation processes and enforced by way of conditions imposed by the CRTC.          This consultation will modernize the definition of Canadian content and will also
The timing and the outcome of the CRTC’s consultation processes, the first stage       explore the types of expenditures that traditional broadcasting undertakings and
of which was launched on May 12, 2023 (as discussed under Broadcasting Notice          online undertakings should make towards this content. The outcome of this
of Consultation CRTC 2023-138 below) is not fully known. Therefore, the impact         proceeding is unknown. Therefore, the impact that these regulatory changes could
that these regulatory changes could have on our business and financial results is      have on our business and financial results is unclear at this time.
unclear at this time.
                                                                                       Broadcasting Notice of Consultation
Broadcasting Notice of Consultation                                                    CRTC 2025-2
CRTC 2023-138                                                                          On January 9, 2025, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC
On May 12, 2023, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC              2025-2, The Path Forward – Working towards a sustainable Canadian broadcasting
2023-138, The Path Forward – Working towards a modernized regulatory                   system. This consultation will examine the market dynamics between programming
framework regarding the contributions to support Canadian and Indigenous               undertakings, broadcasting distribution undertakings and online undertakings with a
content. This Notice represents the first step to developing an updated regulatory     view to ensuring that the industry is able to meet the policy objectives set out in the
framework for broadcasting undertakings, including online undertakings. A key part     Broadcasting Act. This proceeding will also look at all the regulatory tools that both
of this new framework is to establish the conditions under which online services       programming undertakings (like Bell Media) and broadcasting distribution
would be required to make financial contributions, including initial base              undertakings (like Bell TV) use in negotiations with other licensees for the carriage
contributions, to support the creation and discoverability of Canadian and             and distribution of programming services. The outcome of this proceeding is
Indigenous content. It will also determine who the recipients of the initial base      unknown. Therefore the impact that any regulatory changes could have on our
contributions will be. The CRTC held a three-week hearing beginning on                 business and financial results is unclear at this time.
November 20, 2023 to focus on these issues. On June 4, 2024, the CRTC
released its decision, requiring foreign streamers to contribute 5% of

86     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
8 MD&A Regulatory environment


Broadcasting Notice of Consultation                                                     a definition of French-language vocal music. In addition, the CRTC intends to
                                                                                        explore how radio stations and audio streaming services can support the airplay of
CRTC 2025-52                                                                            emerging artists as well as Indigenous artists, both potentially through exhibition and
On February 20, 2025, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation               expenditure requirements. The outcome of this proceeding is unknown. Therefore,
CRTC 2025-52, The Path Forward – Supporting Canadian and Indigenous audio               the impact that these regulatory changes could have on our business and financial
content. This consultation seeks to update the definition of what constitutes a         results is unclear at this time.
Canadian musical selection, i.e., the Music, Artist, Performance, Lyrics (MAPL)
system, and to provide




8.4        Radiocommunication Act
ISED regulates the use of radio spectrum under the Radiocommunication Act and           of a spectrum set-aside for certain auction bidders, or a spectrum cap across the 26,
Radiocommunication Regulations to ensure that radiocommunication in Canada is           28 and 38 GHz spectrum bands. ISED proposes that the auctioned licences will
developed and operated efficiently. All companies wishing to operate radio              have a 10-year term and that there will be limits on the extent of transferability of
apparatus in Canada must hold a radio licence or spectrum licence to do so. The         licences for the first five years of the licence term. In addition, ISED proposes that
Radiocommunication Regulations specify those persons (including corporations            licensees will be required to deploy a certain number of sites in each licence area at
such as Bell Canada and Bell Mobility) who are eligible to be issued radio licences     five and nine and a half years following licence issuance. ISED has not yet indicated
or spectrum licences.                                                                   a specific date when the auction will take place. The consultation paper also seeks
                                                                                        comments on the transition process for existing 38 GHz licensees from fixed to
Consultation on 26, 28 and 38 GHz (Millimeter                                           flexible use (i.e., mobile or fixed use), as well as the limitations on the use of 38 GHz
                                                                                        spectrum by satellite earth stations. It is unclear what impact the results of this
Wave) spectrum licensing framework                                                      consultation and future related processes could have on our business and financial
On June 6, 2022, ISED initiated a consultation seeking input regarding a policy         results.
and licensing framework to govern the auction and use of spectrum licences in the
26, 28 and 38 Gigahertz (GHz) (Millimeter Wave) spectrum bands. The
consultation paper seeks comments on the use




8.5        Bell Canada Act
Among other things, the Bell Canada Act limits how Bell Canada voting shares and        80% of all of the issued and outstanding voting shares of Bell Canada. Except in the
Bell Canada facilities may be sold or transferred. Specifically, under the Bell         ordinary course of business, the sale or other disposal of facilities integral to Bell
Canada Act, the CRTC must approve any sale or other disposal of Bell Canada             Canada’s telecommunications activities must also receive CRTC approval.
voting shares that are held by BCE, unless the sale or disposal would result in
BCE retaining at least



8.6        Other
Bill C-18, the Online News Act                                                          Online News Act if it commits to pay $100 million annually (growing each year by
                                                                                        inflation) to a collective (the Collective) which will then distribute it to eligible news
On June 22, 2023, Bill C-18, An Act respecting online communications platforms          outlets. On June 7, 2024, Google submitted an application for exemption to the
that make news content available to persons in Canada (the Online News Act),            CRTC and on October 28, 2024, the CRTC approved a five-year exemption for
received royal assent. The Online News Act requires digital news intermediaries,        Google, which required Google to provide payment to the Collective by
such as Google and Meta (until the latter elected to block all news links and thus is   December 27, 2024. Of the $100 million to be paid by Google, under the
no longer subject to the Online News Act), that share news content produced by          Regulations, news outlets that are also private broadcasters, such as CTV and
other news outlets to negotiate commercial arrangements with those news outlets,        Noovo, cannot receive more than 30% of the overall compensation available (with
compensating them for the news content shared on digital platforms. The                 other news outlets, such as those associated with newspapers and public
legislation entitles Bell Media’s general news services, such as CTV and Noovo, to      broadcasters, receiving the rest). While the amount that we will receive has not
compensation. Further details regarding the compensation framework have been            yet been finalized, we are expecting to receive compensation for the 2024 calendar
set out in regulations that were released on December 15, 2023 (the Regulations).       year in the first half of 2025. Finally, on December 12, 2024, the CRTC established
These Regulations clarify that the Online News Act applies to search engines and        the mandatory bargaining process which would apply between news outlets and
social media sites that provide access to news content in Canada, provided these        digital news intermediaries that are captured by the Online News Act. This
platforms earn at least $1 billion in annual global revenue and reach at least          framework was necessary for the CRTC to put into place in order to administer the
20 million Canadians on a monthly basis. However, the Regulations also allow            Online News Act. However, while Google retains its exemption, the mandatory
Google to apply to be exempt from parts of the                                          bargaining process is not expected to be utilized.

                                                                                                                                                                               87
9 MD&A Business risks




9            Business risks
A risk is the possibility that an event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results
or reputation. The actual effect of any event could be materially different from what we currently anticipate. The risks described in this MD&A are not the only
ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation.
This section describes the principal business risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
reputation, and cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. Certain of
these principal business risks have already been discussed in other sections of this MD&A, and we refer the reader to those sections for a discussion of such
risks. All of the risk discussions set out in the sections referred to in the table below, as well as the risk discussion relating to general economic conditions and
geopolitical events set out in Section 3.3, Principal business risks, are incorporated by reference in this section 9.

 Risks discussed in other sections of this MD&A                Section references
 Competitive environment                                       Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                               Section 5, Business segment analysis (Competitive landscape and industry trends section for each segment)

 Regulatory environment                                        Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                               Section 8, Regulatory environment

 Technology/infrastructure transformation                      Section 3.3, Principal business risks

 Risks specifically relating to our Bell CTS                   Section 5, Business segment analysis (Principal business risks section for each segment)
 and Bell Media segments


The other principal business risks that could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation are discussed
below.


Customer experience


Driving a positive customer experience in all aspects of our engagement with                 With the proliferation of connectivity services, apps and devices, customers are
customers is important to avoid brand degradation and other adverse                          accustomed to doing things when, how and where they want through websites, self-
impacts on our business and financial performance                                            serve options, web chat, call centres and social media forums. These customer
                                                                                             demands have intensified over the years with the resulting shift to online
As the bar continues to be raised by customers’ evolving expectations of service             transactions. We seek to provide the necessary platforms for customers to research,
and value, failure to get ahead of such expectations and build a more robust and             interact, purchase and receive service and to continuously improve our call centre
consistent service experience at a fair value proposition could hinder product and           experience and self-serve tools to improve customer service and drive household
service differentiation and customer loyalty. The foundation of effective customer           penetration. Customers’ journey is increasingly completed on mobile devices,
service is the ability to deliver high-quality, consistent and simple solutions to           requiring alignment of websites, customer support platforms and marketing.
customers in an expeditious manner and on mutually agreeable terms. Although                 Understanding the customer relationship as a whole in a multi-product environment
we seek to reduce complexity in our operations through our transformation                    and delivering a simple, seamless experience at a fair price is increasingly central to
initiatives, we operate with multiple technology platforms, ordering and billing             an evolving competitive dynamic. While we have introduced new services and tools,
systems, sales channels, marketing databases and a myriad of rate plans,                     including self-managed solutions, designed to accelerate our customer experience
promotions, brands and product offerings, in the context of a large customer base            evolution, we are unable to predict whether such services and tools will be sufficient
and a workforce that continuously requires to be trained, monitored and replaced,            to meet customer expectations. Failure to develop true omni-channel, streamlined
which may limit our ability to respond quickly to market changes and reduce costs,           and simplified capabilities and improve our customer experience by digitizing and
and may lead to customer confusion or billing, service or other errors, which could          developing a consistent, fast and on-demand end-to-end experience before, during
adversely affect customer satisfaction, acquisition and retention. Media attention to        and after sales using new technologies such as AI and machine learning, in parallel
customer complaints could also erode our brand and reputation and adversely                  with our network evolution, could also adversely affect our business, financial
affect customer acquisition and retention. In addition, the current global economic          results, reputation and brand value. Such development activities could further be
environment may bring about further workforce reduction initiatives or limit                 challenged by scarcity of skilled resources in a competitive labour market. In
investments, which could negatively impact the rapidity of our response to                   addition, while AI, including the use of customer-facing chatbots, could provide for
customer demands and the overall customer experience.                                        better, cost effective

88     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

and convenient customer experiences, we must carefully assess the challenges              Customers’ perception of our products, services, brand and corporate image is also
associated with the use of such technology by us as well as by our competitors,           important. Embracing topics that matter to the stakeholder value proposition, such
such as the intentional or unintentional misuse of AI tools by our employees or third     as ESG practices and the reporting of same, adds an important layer to the
parties, the provision by our AI systems of inaccurate information about our              customer perception of our company and thus to the overall customer experience.
products or services to our customers, or the existence of an explicit or implicit bias   Failure to positively influence customer perceptions through effective
in our AI models. Failure to do so could harm our brand and reputation, cause             communication, including through our use of social media and other communication
disruption to our business operations and expose us to customer complaints and            media or otherwise, could adversely affect our business, financial results, reputation
litigation.                                                                               and brand value.



Security management and data governance


Our operations, service performance, reputation and business continuity                   program that efficiently considers relationships and interactions with business
depend on how well we protect our physical and non-physical assets,                       partners, suppliers, customers, employees and other third parties across all methods
including from information security threats                                               of communication, including social media and cloud-based solutions, could
                                                                                          adversely affect our ability to successfully defend against information security
Our operations, service performance, reputation and business continuity depend            attacks.
on how well we protect our physical and non-physical assets, including networks,
IT systems, offices, corporate stores and sensitive information, from events such         Changes in behaviour over the past years as well as recent geopolitical events have
as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire, natural              further increased our exposure to information security threats. Remote work
disasters, power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage,         arrangements of our employees and those of our suppliers have increased remote
vandalism, actions of neighbours and other events. The protection and effective           connectivity to our systems and the potential use of unauthorized communications
organization of our systems, applications and information repositories are central        technologies. In addition, we have seen an increase in global criminal activity, which
to the secure and continuous operation of our networks and business, as                   further pressures our security environment.
electronic and physical records of proprietary business and personal data, such as
confidential customer and employee information, are all sensitive from a market           If information security threats were to become successful attacks resulting in
and privacy perspective.                                                                  information security breaches, they could harm our brand, reputation and
                                                                                          competitiveness, decrease customer and investor confidence and adversely affect
Information security breaches can result from deliberate or unintended actions by a       our business, financial results, stock price and long-term shareholder value, given
growing number of sophisticated actors, including hackers, organized criminals,           that they could lead to:
state-sponsored organizations and other parties. Information security attacks have        • Network operating failures and business disruptions, which could negatively impact
grown in complexity, magnitude and frequency in recent years and the potential for          our ability to sell products and services to our customers and adversely affect their
damage is increasing. Information security attacks may be perpetrated using a               ability to maintain normal business operations and deliver critical services, and/or
complex array of ever evolving and changing means including, without limitation,            the ability of third-party suppliers to deliver critical services to us
the use of stolen credentials, social engineering, computer viruses and malicious
software, phishing and other attacks on network and information systems.                  • Unauthorized access to, and use of, proprietary or sensitive information, which
Information security attacks aim to achieve various malicious objectives including          could result in lost revenue, diminished competitive advantages, challenges in
unauthorized access to, ransom/encryption of, and theft of, confidential,                   retaining or attracting customers after an incident and loss of future business
proprietary, sensitive or personal information, as well as extortion and business           opportunities
disruptions.                                                                              • Theft, loss, leak, destruction, encryption, corruption, unauthorized disclosure and
We are also exposed to information security threats as a result of actions that may         unauthorized access to or use of data and confidential information, including
be taken by our customers, suppliers, outsourcers, business partners, employees             personal information about our customers or employees, that could result in
or independent third parties, whether malicious or not, including as a result of the        financial loss, exposure to claims for damages by customers, employees and
use of social media, cloud-based solutions and IT consumerization. Our use of               others, fines and/or penalties for non-compliance with applicable privacy
third-party suppliers and outsourcers and reliance on business partners, which              legislation, extortion threats due to ransomware and difficulty in accessing
may similarly be subject to information security threats, also expose us to risks as        materials to defend legal actions
we have less immediate oversight over their IT domains. Furthermore, the                  • Physical damage to network assets impacting service continuity
introduction of smartphones, 5G, cloud computing and the proliferation of data            • Fines and sanctions for failure to meet legislative requirements or from credit card
services, including mobile TV, mobile commerce, mobile banking and IoT                      providers for failing to comply with payment card industry data security standards
applications, as well as increased digitization and the use or misuse of emerging           for protection of cardholder data
technologies such as AI, robotics and smart contracts leveraging blockchain for
digital certification, have significantly increased the threat surface of our networks    • Increased fraud as criminals leverage stolen information against our customers,
and systems, resulting in higher complexity that needs to be carefully monitored            our employees or our company
and managed to minimize security threats. Failure to implement an information             • Remediation costs such as liability for stolen information, equipment repair and
security                                                                                    service recovery, and incentives to customers or business partners in an effort to
                                                                                            maintain relationships after an incident

                                                                                                                                                                              89
9 MD&A Business risks

• Increased information security protection costs, including the costs of deploying       There has also been increased regulatory scrutiny over the use, collection, and
  additional personnel and protection technologies, training and monitoring               disclosure of personal information in Canada. We are subject to various privacy
  employees, and engaging third-party security experts and auditors                       legislation, such as Canada’s anti-spam legislation (CASL) and the Personal
• Changes in the terms, conditions and pricing of customer, supplier and financial        Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, as well as foreign privacy
  contracts and agreements that we may have                                               legislation via the mandatory flow-through of privacy-related obligations by our
                                                                                          customers, including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU). Global and
In light of the evolving nature and sophistication of information security threats, our   domestic regulation around privacy and data practices are evolving rapidly and new
information security policies, procedures and controls must continuously adapt and        or amended privacy legislation has been proposed or adopted federally and in a
evolve in order to seek to mitigate risk and, consequently, require constant              number of Canadian provincial jurisdictions with significant obligations, limitations on
monitoring to ensure effectiveness. However, given the complexity and scale of our        the use of personal information, fines and/or penalties and short implementation
business, network infrastructure, technology and IT supporting systems, there can         horizons. Our data governance framework must not only meet applicable privacy
be no assurance that the security policies, procedures and controls that we               requirements, but also be able to evolve for continuous improvement. Effective data
implement will be effective against all information security attacks. In addition,        governance is also a component of good ESG practices, which are considered an
there can be no assurance that any insurance we may have will cover all or part of        increasingly important measure of corporate performance and value creation.
the costs, damages, liabilities or losses that could result from the occurrence of
any information security breach.                                                          Failure to implement an effective data governance framework encompassing the
                                                                                          protection and appropriate use of data across its life cycle, and incorporating data
Failure to implement an effective security and data governance framework                  governance as a core consideration in our business initiatives and technology
could harm our brand and reputation, expose us to regulatory pressure,                    decisions, could harm our brand, reputation and competitiveness, decrease
fines and/or penalties, constrain our competitive opportunities, and                      customer and investor confidence and adversely affect our business and financial
adversely affect our business and financial results                                       results. It could give rise to litigation, investigations, fines and/or penalties and
                                                                                          liability for failure to comply with increasingly stringent privacy legislation, as well as
To achieve our purpose of advancing how Canadians connect with each other and             increased audit and regulatory scrutiny that could divert resources from business
the world, we must preserve the social licence from our customers and all                 operations.
Canadians to collect and use data in our operations. A strong and consistently
applied approach to data governance is critical to maintaining that social licence,
requiring us to focus on respecting the privacy of our customers’ and employees’
data and protecting such data against information security threats. As our
operations involve receiving, processing and storing such proprietary business and
personal data, effective policies, procedures and controls must be implemented to
protect information systems and underlying data in accordance with applicable
privacy legislation. Failure to meet customer and employee expectations regarding
the appropriate use and protection of their data could have negative reputational,
business and financial consequences for the company.


Operational performance


Our networks and IT systems are the foundation of high-quality consistent                 reliability may vary depending on the location and the recent trend for families to
services, which are critical to meeting service expectations                              move from urban centres to less urbanized areas increases the need to develop
                                                                                          and/or enhance our networks in areas that were not previously served or that were
Our ability to provide high-quality, consistent, reliable and resilient wireless,         underserved.
wireline and media services to customers in a complex and changing operating
environment is crucial for sustained success. It is therefore essential that we           Customers and other stakeholders expect that we deliver reliable service
continuously refine our operating model in order to meet customer expectations of         performance, enabled by our networks and other infrastructure, as well as the
product and service experience at a desired cost structure.                               networks and other infrastructure of third-party providers on which we rely. Issues
                                                                                          relating to network availability, speed, consistency and traffic management on our
Network capacity demands for content offerings and other bandwidth-intensive              more current as well as our legacy networks could adversely affect our customers,
applications on our wireline and wireless networks have been growing at                   including by preventing the provisioning of critical services, and could have an
unprecedented rates. Unexpected capacity pressures on our networks may                    adverse impact on our business, reputation and financial performance. Heightened
negatively affect our network performance and our ability to provide services.            scrutiny by regulatory authorities with respect to network availability could lead to
Evolving customer behaviour and their use of our networks, products and services          increased identification of non-compliance and increased fines. Furthermore, we
have created increased capacity pressure on certain areas of our wireless, wireline       may need to manage the possibility of instability in the context of our transformation
and broadcast media networks, and there can be no certainty that our networks will        initiatives, including as we transition towards converged wireline and wireless
continue to sustain such increased usage. In addition, we may need to incur               networks and newer technologies, including software-defined networks leveraging
significant capital expenditures in order to provide additional capacity and reduce       open source software and cloud services. Network failures and slowdowns, whether
network congestion. Network performance and/or                                            caused by internal or external forces,

90     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

human-caused error or threat, or external events, could adversely affect our brand       Our operations and business continuity depend on how well we protect, test,
and reputation, subscriber acquisition and retention as well as our financial results.   maintain, replace and upgrade our networks, IT systems, equipment and other
While we invest in the resiliency of our networks and other infrastructure and           facilities
establish response strategies and business continuity protocols to seek to maintain
service consistency, there is no assurance that such investments and protocols will      Our operations, service performance, reputation, business continuity and strategy
be sufficient to prevent network failure or the failure of other infrastructure, or a    depend on how well we and our contracted product and service providers, as well as
disruption in the delivery of our services.                                              other telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services, protect our
                                                                                         or their networks and IT systems, as well as other infrastructure and facilities, from
In addition, we currently use a very large number of interconnected internal and         events such as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire,
third-party operational and business support systems for provisioning, networking,       natural disasters, power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism,
distribution, broadcast management, ordering, billing and accounting, which may          sabotage, vandalism, actions of neighbours and other events. Climate change,
hinder our operational efficiency. If we fail to implement, maintain or manage highly    especially in areas of greater environmental sensitivity, could heighten the
effective IT systems supported by an effective governance and operating                  occurrence of certain of the above-mentioned risks. We must also manage business
framework, and implement transformation initiatives to streamline and integrate our      continuity issues caused by internal sources, including human error, human-caused
processes and systems, this may lead to inconsistent performance and dissatisfied        threats and inefficiencies. Establishing response strategies and business continuity
customers, which over time could result in higher churn. It may also limit our cross-    protocols to maintain service consistency if any disruptive event materializes is
sell capabilities across our portfolio of products and services.                         critical to the achievement of effective customer service. Any of the above-mentioned
                                                                                         events, as well as the failure by us, or by other telecommunications carriers on
Further examples of risks to operational performance that could impact our               which we rely to provide services, to adequately complete planned and sufficient
reputation, business operations and financial performance include the following:         testing, maintenance, replacement or upgrade of our or their networks, equipment
• The current global economic environment as well as geopolitical events may             and other facilities, which is, among other factors, dependent on our or their ability to
  bring about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment,          purchase equipment and services from third-party suppliers, could disrupt our
  materials and resources, which may impact our ability to maintain or upgrade our       operations (including through disruptions such as network and other infrastructure
  networks in order to accommodate increased network usage and to provide the            failures, billing errors or delays in customer service), require significant resources
  desired levels of customer service                                                     and result in significant remediation costs, which in turn could have an adverse effect
                                                                                         on our business and financial performance, or impair our ability to keep existing
• Failure to maintain required service delivery amid operational challenges
                                                                                         subscribers or attract new ones.
  (including those related to targeted cost savings initiatives, flexible work models
  and the availability of employees with the required skill set) and a transformation    In addition, the current global economic environment as well as geopolitical events
  of our infrastructure and technology could adversely affect our brand, reputation      may bring about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment,
  and financial results                                                                  materials and resources, which could impact our operations and business continuity
• We may lose sales should we fail to maximize channel efficiencies, which could         strategies.
  adversely affect our financial results                                                 Satellites used to provide our satellite TV services are subject to significant
• Corporate restructurings, system replacements and upgrades, process                    operational risks that could have an adverse effect on our business and
  redesigns, staff reductions and the integration of business acquisitions may not       financial performance
  deliver the benefits contemplated, or be completed when expected, and could
  adversely impact our ongoing operations                                                Pursuant to a set of commercial arrangements between ExpressVu and Telesat
                                                                                         Canada (Telesat), we currently have satellites under contract with Telesat. Telesat
• Failure to streamline our significant IT legacy system portfolio and proactively       operates or directs the operation of these satellites, which utilize highly complex
  improve operating performance could adversely affect our business and financial        technology and operate in the harsh environment of space and are therefore subject
  results                                                                                to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include in-orbit equipment
• We may experience more service interruptions or outages due to legacy                  failures, malfunctions and other problems, commonly referred to as anomalies, that
  infrastructure. In some cases, vendor support is no longer available or legacy         could reduce the commercial usefulness of a satellite used to provide our satellite TV
  vendor operations have ceased. Copper theft and vandalism to our                       services. Acts of war or terrorism, magnetic, electrostatic or solar storms, or space
  telecommunications infrastructure may also cause service disruptions and               debris or meteoroids could also damage such satellites. Any loss, failure,
  jeopardize community safety.                                                           manufacturing defect, damage or destruction of these satellites, of our terrestrial
                                                                                         broadcasting infrastructure or of Telesat’s tracking, telemetry and control facilities to
• An increase in lost-time accident rate by our employees could adversely impact         operate the satellites could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
  our ongoing operations                                                                 performance and could result in customers terminating their subscriptions to our
• There may be a lack of replacement parts and competent and cost-effective              satellite TV service.
  resources to perform the life cycle management and upgrades necessary to
  maintain the operational status of legacy networks and IT systems
• Climate change increases the probability, frequency, intensity and length of
  severe weather-related events such as ice, snow and wind storms, wildfires,
  flooding, extended heat waves, hurricanes, tornadoes and tsunamis, all of which
  could impact network availability and performance and drive more repairs of
  network equipment

                                                                                                                                                                               91
9 MD&A Business risks


People


Attracting, developing and retaining a talented team capable of furthering                Other examples of people-related risks include the following:
our strategic imperatives and operational transformation is essential to our              • The increasing technical and operational complexity of our businesses and the
success                                                                                     high demand in the market for skilled resources in strategic areas create a
Our business depends on the efforts, engagement and expertise of our                        challenging environment for hiring, developing and retaining such skilled resources
management and non-management employees and contractors, who must be able                 • Failure to establish a complete and effective succession plan, including preparation
to operate efficiently and safely based on their responsibilities and the environment       of internal talent and identification of potential external candidates, where relevant,
in which they are functioning. Demand for highly skilled team members remains a             for senior executive and other key roles, could impair our business until qualified
concern, as retiring workers, varying levels of immigration, and an increase in             replacements are found
remote-work arrangements allowing more global competition have created an even            • Ensuring the health and safety of our workforce operating in different
more competitive marketplace. This emphasizes the importance of developing and              environments, including manholes, telephone poles, cell towers, vehicles, foreign
maintaining a comprehensive and inclusive human resources strategy and                      news bureaus and war zones, and/or in times of pandemic, requires focus,
employee value proposition to adequately compete for talent and to identify and             effective processes and flexibility to avoid injury, illness, service interruption, fines
secure high-performing candidates for a broad range of job functions, roles and             and reputational impact
responsibilities. In addition, an appropriately skilled pool of talent (as a result of    • Potential deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting from staff
hiring, insourcing and reskilling) is essential to support evolving business priorities     reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations could adversely affect our business
in the context of an ongoing business transformation impacting job nature and skill         and financial results
sets. Our objective to transform our business requires a cultural change and a
capacity to evolve, and impacts our recruitment strategy and deployment of                Challenges related to collective agreements could adversely affect our
resources. We seek to have our employees adapt to new ways of working as                  business
traditional telecommunications companies are moving towards flatter work
structures, leveraging generative AI, with fewer silos and more cross-functional          Approximately 43% of BCE employees were represented by unions and were
corporate structures. Failure to attract and appropriately train, motivate,               covered by collective agreements at December 31, 2024. The positive engagement
remunerate or deploy employees on initiatives that further our strategic imperatives      of members of our team represented by unions is contingent on negotiating
and operational transformation, or to efficiently replace departing employees, could      collective agreements that deliver competitive labour conditions and uninterrupted
have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain talent and drive              service, both of which are critical to achieving our business objectives.
performance across the organization. A shortage of skilled labour could negatively        We cannot predict the outcome of collective agreement negotiations. Renewal of
affect our ability to implement our strategic priorities, as well as sell our products    collective agreements could result in higher labour costs and be challenging in the
and services and more generally serve our customers.                                      context of a declining workload due to transformation, a maturing footprint, improved
Establishing a culture that drives inclusivity, employee engagement, development          efficiencies and adverse government or regulatory decisions. If during the bargaining
and progression is essential to attract and retain talent. In addition, employees are     process there were to be project delays and work disruptions, including work
typically more engaged at work when their value system aligns with their                  stoppages or work slowdowns, this could adversely affect service to our customers
employer’s corporate values. We have strengthened our employee training                   and, in turn, our customer relationships and financial performance.
offerings to support our transformation and we further endeavour to establish and
continually enhance programs and provide resources to support team members on
a wide range of topics, including mental health services and support. However,
failure to establish robust programs and enhance them to further these aspirations
could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain team members. Failure to
sufficiently address evolving employee expectations related to our culture and
value proposition could also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain team
members.

92     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks


Financial management


If we are unable to raise the capital we need or generate sufficient cash flows               Global financial markets have experienced, and could again experience, significant
from operating activities, we may need to limit our capital expenditures or                   volatility and weakness as a result of market disruptions, including relating to the
our investments in new businesses, or try to raise capital by disposing of                    economy and geopolitical events. The current global economic environment could
assets                                                                                        continue to negatively impact equity and debt capital markets, cause interest rate
                                                                                              and currency volatility and movements, and adversely affect our ability to raise
Our ability to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and provide              financing in the public capital, bank credit and/or commercial paper markets as well
for planned growth depends on having access to adequate sources of capital and                as the cost thereof. Additionally, the negative impact of the global economic
on our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities, which is subject to          environment and potential recession, and the levels of inflation and interest rates on
various risks, including those described in this MD&A.                                        our customers’ financial condition, could adversely affect our ability to recover
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and         payment of receivables from customers and lead to further increases in bad debts,
debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit market. Our                thereby negatively affecting our revenues and cash flows, as well as our position
ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available                   under our securitized receivables program.
depend largely on prevailing market conditions and the outlook for our business               Differences between BCE’s actual or anticipated financial results and the published
and credit ratings at the time capital is raised.                                             expectations of financial analysts, as well as events affecting our business or
Risk factors such as capital market disruptions, political, economic and financial            operating environment, may contribute to volatility in the market price of BCE’s
market instability in Canada or abroad, government policies, central bank monetary            securities. A major decline in the capital markets in general, or decrease in the
policies, increasing interest rates, changes to bank capitalization or other                  market price or fluctuations in trading volumes of BCE’s securities, may negatively
regulations, reduced bank lending in general or fewer banks as a result of reduced            affect our ability to raise debt or equity capital, retain senior executives and other key
activity or consolidation, could reduce capital available or increase the cost of such        employees, make strategic acquisitions or enter into joint ventures.
capital. In addition, an increased level of debt borrowings could result in lower             If we cannot access the capital we need or generate cash flows to implement our
credit ratings, increased borrowing costs and a reduction in the amount of funding            business plan or meet our financial obligations on acceptable terms, we may have to
available to us, including through equity offerings. Business acquisitions and our            limit our ongoing capital expenditures and our investment in new businesses or try to
acquisition of wireless spectrum licences could also adversely affect our outlook             raise additional capital by selling or otherwise disposing of assets. Any of these
and credit ratings and have similar adverse consequences. There is no assurance               could have an adverse effect on our cash flows from operating activities and on our
that we will maintain our credit ratings and a ratings downgrade could result in              growth prospects.
adverse consequences for our funding cost and capacity, and our ability to access
the capital markets, money market and/or the bank credit market. In addition,                 We cannot guarantee that our dividend payout policy will be maintained or
participants in the public capital and bank credit markets have internal policies             achieved, or that dividends will be maintained or declared
limiting their ability to invest in, or extend credit to, any single entity or entity group
or a particular industry. Finally, with increasing emphasis by the capital markets on         Maintaining or achieving BCE’s dividend payout policy, maintaining the BCE
ESG performance and reporting, there is a potential for the cost and availability of          common share dividend, as well as the declaration of dividends on any of BCE’s
funding to be increasingly tied to the quality of our ESG practices and related               outstanding shares, are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and,
disclosed metrics.                                                                            consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend payout policy will be
                                                                                              maintained or achieved, that the dividend on common shares will be maintained or
Our bank credit facilities, including credit facilities supporting our commercial paper       that dividends will be declared on any of BCE’s outstanding shares. Maintaining or
program, are provided by various financial institutions. While it is our intention to         achieving BCE’s dividend payout policy, maintaining dividends and the declaration of
renew certain of such credit facilities from time to time, there is no assurance that         dividends by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s corporate strategy,
these facilities will be renewed on favourable terms or in similar amounts.                   operations and financial results which are, in turn, subject to various assumptions
                                                                                              and risks, including those set out in this MD&A.

                                                                                                                                                                                     93
9 MD&A Business risks

The failure to reduce costs, unexpected increases in costs and the failure to            The failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and control fraudulent
optimize capital spending, could adversely affect our ability to achieve our             activities could result in financial loss and brand degradation
strategic imperatives and financial guidance
                                                                                         As a public company with a range of desirable and valuable products and services
Our objective to lower our cost structure continues to be aggressive with a              and a large number of employees, BCE requires a disciplined program covering
company-wide focus on cost transformation and reduction, but there is no                 governance, exposure identification and assessment, prevention, detection and
assurance that we will be successful in reducing costs. Examples of risks to our         reporting that considers corruption, misappropriation of assets and intentional
ability to reduce costs or limit potential cost increases include the following:         manipulation of financial statements by employees and/or external parties. The
• Inflation could continue to result in higher input costs for equipment, products and   current global economic environment could further lead to increased fraud activities,
  services, and create increased pressure for wage increases                             which could result in financial loss and brand degradation.

• Increased costs related to geopolitical events, in particular as they impact our       Specific examples relevant to us include:
  supply chain, could persist for an undetermined period of time                         • Copyright theft and other forms of unauthorized use that undermine the exclusivity
• Increasing or high interest rates could negatively impact our cost of financing          of Bell Media’s content offerings, which could divert users to unlicensed or
                                                                                           otherwise illegitimate platforms, thus impacting our ability to derive distribution and
• Our cost reduction objectives require aggressive negotiations with our suppliers         advertising revenues
  and there can be no assurance that such negotiations will be successful or that
  replacement products or services provided will not lead to operational issues          • Unauthorized individuals taking over an account owner’s online account without
                                                                                           their permission in order to gain access to wireless products and goods via various
• As suppliers continue to shorten software life cycles, the cost of seeking to            means (social engineering, phishing, smishing, etc.)
  maintain adequate information security solutions increases
                                                                                         • Subscription fraud where fraudsters use their own, a stolen or a synthetic identity to
• Achieving timely cost reductions while moving to an IP-based network is                  obtain mobile devices and services with no intention to pay
  dependent on disciplined network decommissioning, which can be delayed by
  customer contractual commitments, regulatory considerations and other                  • Network usage fraud such as call/sell operations using our wireline or wireless
  unforeseen obstacles                                                                     networks or incidents related to network components such as copper theft
• Failure to contain growing operational costs related to network sites, network         • Ongoing efforts to steal the services of TV distributors, including Bell Canada and
  performance and resiliency, footprint expansion, spectrum licences, insurance            ExpressVu, through compromise or circumvention of signal security systems,
  and content and equipment acquisition could have a negative effect on our                causing revenue loss
  financial performance                                                                  • Organized criminal activities targeting and seizing high value inventory
• In addition to the potential impact from the global economic environment and
                                                                                         Income and commodity tax amounts may materially differ from the expected
  geopolitical events, fluctuations in energy prices are further partly influenced by
                                                                                         amounts
  government policies to address climate change such as carbon pricing which,
  combined with growing data demand that increases our energy requirements,              Our complex business operations are subject to various tax laws. The adoption of
  could increase our energy costs beyond our current expectations                        new tax laws, or regulations or rules thereunder, or changes thereto or in the
• Failure to successfully deliver on our contractual commitments, whether due to         interpretation thereof, could result in higher tax rates, new taxes or other adverse tax
  security events, operational challenges or other reasons, may cause us to incur        implications. In addition, while we believe that we have adequately provided for all
  financial penalties and loss of revenues                                               income and commodity taxes based on all of the information that is currently
                                                                                         available, the calculation of income taxes and the applicability of commodity taxes in
In addition, as part of our business operations and operational transformation, it is    many cases require significant judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations.
essential that we optimize capital spending and ensure appropriate trade-offs in         Our tax filings are subject to government audits that could result in material changes
our capital allocation. However, should we fail to adequately assess investment          to the amount of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities and other
priorities and optimal trade-offs, our business and financial results could be           liabilities and could, in certain circumstances, result in an assessment of interest and
negatively affected.                                                                     penalties.
We are exposed to various credit, liquidity and market risks
Our exposure to credit, liquidity and market risks, including equity price, interest
rate and currency fluctuations, is discussed in section 6.5, Financial risk
management of this MD&A and in Note 29 to BCE’s 2024 consolidated financial
statements.
Our failure to identify and manage our exposure to changes in interest rates,
foreign exchange rates, BCE’s share price and other market conditions could lead
to missed opportunities, increased costs, reduced profit margins, cash flow
shortages, inability to complete planned capital expenditures, reputational damage,
equity and debt securities devaluations, and challenges in raising capital on
market-competitive terms.

94     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

A number of factors could impact our financial statements and estimates                  The expected timing and completion of the proposed dispositions of
                                                                                         Northwestel and BCE’s ownership stake in MLSE, as well as the planned
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to               access by Bell Media to content rights for the Toronto Maple Leafs and
historical experience, current events, and actions that the company may undertake        Toronto Raptors for the next 20 years, are subject to closing conditions and
in the future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under         other risks and uncertainties
the circumstances. A change in these assumptions may have an impact on our
financial statements including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value         Proposed disposition of Northwestel
determination, expected credit losses and discount rates used for the present            The expected timing and completion of the proposed disposition of Northwestel are
value of cash flows. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to       subject to closing conditions, termination rights and other risks and uncertainties
measurement uncertainty and actual results could differ.                                 including, without limitation, the purchaser securing financing and the completion of
The economic environment, pension rules or ineffective governance could                  confirmatory due diligence, which may affect its completion, terms or timing.
have an adverse effect on our pension obligations, and we may be required                Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the proposed disposition will occur, or
to increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans                           that it will occur on the terms and conditions, or at the time, currently contemplated.
                                                                                         The proposed disposition could be modified, restructured or terminated. There can
With a large pension plan membership and DB pension plans that are subject to            also be no assurance that the potential benefits expected to result from the
the pressures of the global economic environment and changing regulatory and             proposed disposition will be realized.
reporting requirements, our pension obligations are exposed to potential volatility.
Failure to recognize and manage economic exposure and pension rule changes,              Proposed disposition of BCE’s ownership stake in MLSE and
or to ensure that effective governance is in place for the management and funding        the planned access by Bell Media to content rights for the
of pension plan assets and obligations, could have an adverse impact on our              Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors for the next 20 years
liquidity and financial performance.                                                     The expected timing and completion of the proposed disposition of BCE’s ownership
                                                                                         stake in MLSE, and the planned access by Bell Media to content rights for the
The funding requirements of our post-employment benefit plans, based on                  Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors for the next 20 years through a long-term
valuations of plan assets and obligations, depend on a number of factors, including      agreement with Rogers, are subject to closing conditions, termination rights and
actual returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest rates,         other risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, relevant sports league and
inflation, plan demographics including longevity, and applicable regulations and         other customary approvals, which may affect their completion, terms or timing. The
actuarial standards. Changes in these factors, including changes caused by the           proposed disposition could be modified, restructured or terminated, and the intended
current global economic environment and recent geopolitical events, could cause          use of proceeds by BCE from the proposed disposition may vary based on timing of
future contributions to significantly differ from our current estimates, require us to   closing of the disposition and other factors. Accordingly, there can be no assurance
increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans in the future and,           that the proposed disposition, the anticipated use of proceeds and the potential
therefore, have a negative effect on our liquidity and financial performance.            benefits expected to result from the proposed disposition will occur or be realized, or
                                                                                         that they will occur or be realized on the terms and conditions, or at the time,
There is no assurance that the assets of our post-employment benefit plans will          currently contemplated.
earn their assumed rate of return. A substantial portion of our post-employment
benefit plans’ assets is invested in public and private equity and debt securities. As   The expected timing and completion of the proposed acquisition of Ziply Fiber
a result, the ability of our post-employment benefit plans’ assets to earn the rate of   are subject to closing conditions, including relevant regulatory approvals, and
return that we have assumed depends significantly on the performance of capital          other risks and uncertainties
markets. Market conditions also impact the discount rate used to calculate our
pension plan solvency obligations and could therefore also significantly affect our      The expected timing and completion of the proposed acquisition by Bell Canada of
cash funding requirements.                                                               Ziply Fiber are subject to customary closing conditions, termination rights and other
                                                                                         risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, relevant regulatory approvals,
                                                                                         such as approval by the Federal Communications Commission and approvals by
                                                                                         state Public Utilities Commissions, which may affect its completion, terms or timing.
                                                                                         Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the proposed acquisition will occur, or
                                                                                         that it will occur on the terms and conditions, or at the time, currently contemplated.
                                                                                         The proposed acquisition could be modified, restructured or terminated. There can
                                                                                         also be no assurance that the potential benefits expected to result from the
                                                                                         proposed acquisition will be realized.

                                                                                                                                                                             95
9 MD&A Business risks


Brand reputation and ESG practices


Our ability to maintain positive customer relationships is significantly                 expectations through achievement of our ESG targets could harm our brand,
influenced by our reputation                                                             reputation and competitiveness, as well as lead to other negative business, financial,
                                                                                         legal and regulatory consequences for the company.
Many customers’ choice to purchase our products and services is directly related
to their perception of our company. Accordingly, our ability to maintain positive        Important risk factors that could affect certain of our key ESG targets are set out
customer relationships and acquire or retain customers is significantly influenced       below.
by our reputation. The company faces many sources of reputational risks, as
discussed in this MD&A. Should our perceived or actual outlook, plans, priorities or     GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets
actions, or those of our employees or suppliers, fail to align with stakeholders’        The achievement of our carbon neutrality target (which includes only our operational
expectations, our reputation could be impacted, which could have an adverse              GHG emissions (scope 1 and 2) and excludes scope 3 GHG emissions) will require
effect on our brand, our ability to retain or attract customers, and more generally on   that we purchase a significant quantity of carbon credits. Should a sufficient quantity
our business, financial condition, liquidity and financial results.                      of high-quality credible carbon credits be unavailable, should their cost of acquisition
                                                                                         be considered too onerous, should sufficient funds be unavailable, should laws,
There is no assurance that we will succeed in meaningfully integrating ESG               regulations, applicable standards, public perception or other factors limit the number
considerations into our business strategy, operations and governance to                  of carbon credits that we can purchase, should any purchased carbon credits be
generate a positive outcome for stakeholders                                             subject to reversal, in whole or in part, or should the carbon offsets not materialize,
While we seek to understand the evolving ESG environment and identify topics             the achievement of our carbon neutrality target could be negatively impacted.
and activities that may expose us to ESG risks, there is no assurance that we will       The achievement of our science-based target related to our scope 1 and 2 GHG
succeed in meaningfully integrating ESG considerations into our business strategy,       emissions will require that we purchase a significant quantity of RECs. To achieve
operations and governance to generate positive outcomes for stakeholders. Good           this science-based target, only RECs will be considered given that the SBTi
ESG practices are an important measure of corporate performance and value                standards do not enable carbon credits to be used for this target. Should a sufficient
creation. As such, we are increasingly under scrutiny to address ESG matters of          quantity of acceptable (according to the SBTi guidelines) RECs be unavailable,
importance to our stakeholders. A wide range of ESG topics have progressively            should their cost of acquisition be considered too onerous, should sufficient funds be
become important elements of corporate culture and seeking to embrace them               unavailable, or should laws, regulations, applicable standards, public perception
reinforces our value proposition to drive employee attraction and retention.             or other factors limit the number of RECs that we can purchase, in whole or in part,
Customers now factor broader considerations into purchase decisions and look for         the achievement of our science-based target related to our scope 1 and 2 GHG
alignment of personal values with corporate behaviour. Investors increasingly link       emissions could be negatively impacted.
investment decisions to the quality of ESG practices and related disclosed metrics.
Moreover, we have directly linked some pricing elements in certain financing             Our scope 2 and 3 GHG emissions reduction targets depend on the emissions
agreements to our performance on key ESG targets. Legal and regulatory                   intensity originating from the electricity grid in the jurisdictions where we operate and
pressures have further intensified in the ESG sphere, including, without limitation,     over which we have no control. Should a significant increase in such emissions
in the areas of privacy, accessibility, data governance and climate change.              intensity be recorded in one or more jurisdictions where we conduct our operations,
Accordingly, failure to integrate ESG considerations into our governance activities      the achievement of our science-based targets related to our scope 2 and 3 GHG
and effectively manage ESG risks and opportunities could harm our brand and              emissions could be negatively impacted.
reputation, and lead to negative business, financial, legal and regulatory
consequences for the company. Perceived misalignment of our actions with                 A portion of our GHG emissions reduction targets also depends on our ability to
stakeholder expectations could also harm our brand and reputation and lead to            implement sufficient corporate and business initiatives in order to reduce GHG
further financial and other consequences. Finally, enhanced ESG-related                  emissions to the desired levels. Failure to implement such initiatives according to
disclosures could increase the company’s exposure to claims for misrepresentation        planned schedules due to changes in business plans, our inability to implement
in the primary or secondary market.                                                      requisite operational or technological changes, unavailability of capital, technologies,
                                                                                         equipment or employees, cost allocations, actual costs exceeding anticipated costs,
Various factors could negatively impact our ability to achieve our ESG                   or other factors, or the failure of such initiatives, including of new technologies, to
targets                                                                                  generate anticipated GHG emissions reductions, could negatively affect our ability to
                                                                                         achieve our GHG emissions reduction targets. In addition, future corporate
We have set a number of ambitious ESG targets to monitor our ESG performance             initiatives, such as business acquisitions and business dispositions, including the
and align to our strategic imperatives. However, our ability to achieve these targets    previously announced pending acquisition of Ziply Fiber and pending dispositions of
depends on many factors and is subject to many risks that could cause our                Northwestel and our ownership stake in MLSE, and organic growth, could negatively
assumptions or estimates to be inaccurate and cause actual results or events to          affect our ability to achieve our targets, as would the adoption of new technologies
differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these targets. Failure to      that are carbon enablers or do not generate the anticipated energy savings.
sufficiently address evolving employee, customer, investor and other stakeholder

96     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

A refinement in or modifications to international standards or to the methodology          heating and cooling, and equipment damage. Our insurance premiums could
we use for the calculation of GHG emissions that would result in an increase in our        increase, or we could face reduced insurability in high risk areas. Furthermore, this
GHG emissions could further impact our ability to achieve our targets. In addition,        could jeopardize customer satisfaction and may result in a decrease in revenues.
as it relates to our science-based targets specifically, the SBTi requires the             In addition, if average temperatures where we are operating are warmer or cooler
recalculation of our targets upon the occurrence of certain events, such as                year over year for longer periods of time, there will be an increasing need for
business acquisitions or divestitures, or to conform to evolving SBTi methodology          cooling or heating capacity in our facilities. This will increase our energy
or standards. A recalculation resulting in the introduction of more ambitious targets      consumption and associated operational costs. Furthermore, in order to remain
could challenge our ability to achieve such updated targets.                               resilient to these increasing or decreasing temperatures, we would need to
                                                                                           increase our investments in our infrastructure to address its accelerated
The achievement of our science-based target relating to the level of our suppliers         degradation, again leading to increased capital expenditures and operational costs.
by spend covering purchased goods and services that have adopted science-
based targets could be negatively impacted should we fail to achieve the required         • Transition risks are associated with a transition to a lower-carbon economy, which
level of engagement and collaboration from our suppliers over which we have no              may include extensive regulatory, technology and market changes to address
control, despite the engagement measures that we may implement, or should we                mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change. These risks may
significantly change the allocation of our spend by supplier.                               include increased capital expenditures required for equipment upgrades to comply
                                                                                            with new energy efficiency standards and climate resilience regulations, increased
In addition, we have much less influence over the reduction of our scope 3 GHG              operational costs driven by the rising price of energy due to carbon pricing
emissions than over our scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions given that we must                regulations, energy market volatility and the shifting supply and demand for energy,
rely on the engagement and collaboration of our suppliers and other participants in         increased operational costs related to outdated equipment and e-waste treatment
our value chain in reducing their own GHG emissions. Accordingly, failure to obtain         programs and management systems, potential shortages or price increases for
our suppliers’ and other participants’ engagement and collaboration could                   materials essential to low-carbon technologies that could affect service offerings
adversely affect our ability to meet our scope 3 GHG emissions reduction target.            and product development, and reputational risks related to our management of
                                                                                            climate-related issues as well as to our level of disclosure related to such matters.
Failure to take appropriate actions to adapt to current and emerging                        There is also a reputational risk of not demonstrating our proactive behaviour
environmental impacts, including climate change, could have an adverse                      towards climate change, which could affect customer perception and the cost and
effect on our business                                                                      availability of funding that has the potential to be increasingly tied to the quality of
We face risks related to environmental events, including climate-related events,            our ESG practices and related disclosed metrics, all of which could have negative
which could impact our operations, service performance, reputation and business             financial outcomes.
continuity, and cost of insurance, and more generally have an adverse effect on           Furthermore, climate-related events could also impact our suppliers and
our business, financial performance and reputation. In particular, climate change         outsourcers, which in turn could impact our business. Given that some of our third-
poses potential risks to our business, our employees, our customers, our suppliers        party suppliers and outsourcers are located in foreign countries that are more at risk
and outsourcers, and the communities we operate in. Inadequate management of              of experiencing weather-related events, localized natural disasters in such countries
environmental issues associated with our company and our business, as well as             could further negatively impact our business.
our suppliers and other stakeholders, could also adversely affect our business,
financial condition, liquidity, financial results and reputation given the implications   In addition, several areas of our operations raise other environmental
for the company as well as various stakeholders.                                          considerations, such as fuel storage, GHG emissions and energy consumption
                                                                                          reduction, waste management, disposal of hazardous residual materials, recovery
Consistent with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related                  and recycling of end-of-life electronic products we sell or lease, and other network
Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which have now been integrated into the                     associated impacts (e.g., treated wood poles, manhole effluents, lead cables, etc.).
International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) standards, we categorize
climate-related risks into physical and transition risks:                                 Our team members, customers, investors and governments expect that we regard
• Physical risks are associated with the physical impacts from a changing climate         environmental protection as an integral part of doing business and that we seek to
  and can either be event-driven (acute) or longer-term (chronic) shifts in climate       minimize the negative environmental impacts of our operations and create positive
  patterns. Global scientific evidence suggests that climate change will increase         impacts where possible. Failure to recognize and adequately respond to their
  both the frequency and severity of extreme weather events. This will include such       evolving expectations, to take action to reduce our negative impacts on the
  events as floods, wildfires and heatwaves, among others. These could have a             environment, to achieve our environmental objectives and to effectively report on
  destructive impact on our communications network infrastructure and facilities          environmental matters, could result in fines, and could harm our brand, reputation
  and in turn affect our ability to deliver services that are critical to our customers   and competitiveness, as well as lead to other negative business, financial, legal and
  and society. A service disruption due to extreme weather events could lead to           regulatory consequences for the company.
  financial impacts including an increase in capital expenditures from rebuilding
  and reinforcing infrastructure, as well as an increase in operating costs from
  maintenance and repairs, labour,

                                                                                                                                                                                 97
9 MD&A Business risks

There can be no assurance that our corporate governance practices will be                  we need to operate our business. Any such pandemics, epidemics and other health
sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical standards                            risks could have an adverse effect on the economy and financial markets, causing
                                                                                           retail and commercial activity to decline, which could have a negative impact on the
Our employees, officers, Board members, suppliers, agents and other business               demand for, and prices of, our products and services.
partners are expected, in Canada and abroad, to comply with applicable legal and
ethical standards including, without limitation, anti-bribery laws, as well as with our    Many studies have been performed or are ongoing to assess whether mobile
governance policies and contractual obligations. Failure to comply with such laws,         communications devices, such as smartphones, as well as wireless networks and
policies, standards and contractual obligations could expose us to investigations or       towers pose a potential health risk. While some studies suggest links to certain
litigation and significant fines and penalties, and result in reputational harm or         conditions, others conclude there is no established causation between mobile phone
disqualification from bidding on contracts. While we have developed and                    usage and adverse health effects. The International Agency for Research on Cancer
implemented corporate governance practices, including through our Code of                  (IARC) of the World Health Organization classified radiofrequency electromagnetic
Business Conduct, which is updated regularly and subject to an annual review by            fields from wireless phones as possibly carcinogenic to humans, but also indicated
our team members, there can be no assurance that such practices and measures               that chance, bias or confounding could not be ruled out with reasonable confidence.
will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical standards. Any such          The IARC also called for additional research into long-term heavy use of mobile
failure or violation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial               phones.
performance and reputation.
                                                                                           ISED is responsible for approving radiofrequency equipment and performing
Various social issues, if not adequately managed, could have an adverse                    compliance assessments and has chosen Health Canada’s Safety Code 6, which
effect on our business                                                                     sets the limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency emissions at home or at work, as
                                                                                           its exposure standard. This code also outlines safety requirements for the installation
Effective management of social risk is a component of good ESG practices.                  and operation of devices that emit radiofrequency fields such as mobile
Inadequate management of social issues associated with our company and our                 communications devices, Wi-Fi technologies and base station antennas. ISED has
business, as well as our suppliers and other stakeholders, could adversely affect          made compliance to Safety Code 6 mandatory for all proponents and operators of
our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results and reputation. This may   radio installations.
include social issues discussed elsewhere in this MD&A such as employees’ well-
being, health and safety, responsible procurement, as well as other social issues          The following challenges, among others, could arise since our business is being
such as human rights, including Indigenous peoples’ rights, consultation and               heavily dependent on radiofrequency technologies:
accommodation, and community acceptance and engagement. Failure to                         • We may face lawsuits relating to alleged adverse health effects on customers, as
sufficiently address and report on our management of social issues and to achieve            well as relating to our marketing and disclosure practices in connection therewith,
our social objectives could harm our brand and reputation, and could lead to                 and the likely outcome of such potential lawsuits is unpredictable and could change
negative business, financial, legal and regulatory consequences for the company.             over time
Health risks, including pandemics, epidemics and other health concerns,                    • Changes in scientific evidence and/or public perceptions could lead to additional
such as radiofrequency emissions from wireless communications devices                        government regulations and costs for retrofitting infrastructure and handsets to
and equipment, could have an adverse effect on our business                                  achieve compliance
Health risks, including pandemics and epidemics, could occur, any of which could           • Public concerns could result in a slower deployment of, or in our inability to deploy,
adversely affect our ability to maintain operational networks and provide products           infrastructure necessary to maintain and/or expand our wireless network as
and services to our customers, as well as the ability of our suppliers to provide us         required by market evolution
with products and services
                                                                                           Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
                                                                                           performance.


Third-party vendor management


We depend on third-party suppliers, outsourcers and consultants, some of                   In addition, any such gaps could result in suboptimal management of our vendor
which are critical, to provide an uninterrupted supply of the products and                 base, increased costs and missed opportunities. Ongoing relationships must further
services we need, as well as comply with various obligations                               be adequately managed in order to address existing and new operational and
                                                                                           compliance requirements. Some of our third-party suppliers and outsourcers are
We depend on key third-party suppliers and outsourcers, over which we have no              located in foreign countries, which increases the potential for a breakdown in supply
operational or financial control, for products and services, some of which are             due to the risks of operating in foreign jurisdictions with different laws, geopolitical
critical to our operations. If there are gaps in our vendor selection, governance or       environments and cultures, as well as the potential for localized natural disasters.
oversight processes established to seek to ensure full risk transparency at point of       Concerns related to geopolitical events, such as conflicts, could put pressure on our
purchase and throughout the relationship, including any contract renegotiations,           supply chain and require increased focus on supply chain diversification to support
there is the potential for a breakdown in supply, which could impact our ability to        continuity.
make sales, service customers and achieve our business and financial objectives.

98     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

We may have to select different third-party suppliers for equipment or other             • Demand for products and services available from only a limited number of
products and services, or different outsourcers, in order to meet evolving internal        suppliers, some of which dominate their global market, may lead to decreased
company policies and guidelines as well as legal and regulatory requirements.              availability, increased costs or delays in the delivery of such products and services,
Should we decide, or be required by a governmental authority or otherwise, to              since suppliers may choose to favour global competitors that are larger than we are
terminate our relationship with an existing supplier or outsourcer, this would             and, accordingly, purchase a larger volume of products and services. In addition,
decrease the number of available suppliers or outsourcers and could result in              production issues or geopolitical events affecting any such suppliers, or other
significant increased costs, as well as transitional, support, service, quality or         suppliers, could result in decreased quantities or a total lack of supply of products
continuity issues; delay our ability to deploy new network and other technologies          or services. Any of these events could adversely impact our ability to meet
and offer new products and services; and adversely affect our business and                 customer commitments and demand.
financial results.                                                                       • Dependence on sole source technological vendors that are new to evolving
The use of third-party suppliers and the outsourcing of services generally involve         technology can create uncertainties and challenges due to unproven track record
transfer of risks, and we must take appropriate steps to ensure that our suppliers’        and lack of alternate vendors, which could have an adverse effect on our
and outsourcers’ approach to risk management is aligned with our own standards             operations
in order to maintain continuity of supply and brand strength. Increased focus on         • A suboptimal outsourcing model could result in the loss of key corporate
supplier risks in areas of security, data governance, responsible procurement and          knowledge, reduced efficiency and effectiveness, and impede agile delivery of new
broader ESG factors requires increased attention given that supplier actions or            products or technology
omissions could have significant impacts on our business, financial results, brand
and reputation. Furthermore, cloud-based supplier models have continued to               • Cloud-based solutions may increase the risk of security and data leakage exposure
evolve and grow and, while they offer many potential benefits, cloud-based                 if security control protocols and configurations implemented by our cloud-based
services can also change the level or types of risks. Accordingly, our procurement         partners or suppliers, or by us where we retain responsibility for such protocols, are
and vendor management practices must also continue to evolve to fully take into            inadequate
account the potential risks of cloud-based services.                                     • If existing suppliers do not have appropriate alternative cloud-based products or
                                                                                           services, our ability to complete desired migrations to the cloud could be limited or
In addition, certain company initiatives rely heavily on professional consulting           delayed
services provided by third parties, and a failure of such third-party services may not
be reasonably evident until their work is delivered or delayed. Difficulties in          • Failure to maintain strong discipline around vendor administration (especially
implementing remedial strategies in respect of professional consulting services            around initial account setup) may mask potential financial or operational risks and
provided by third parties that are not performed in a proper or timely fashion could       complicate future problem resolutions
have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with various obligations, including      • If products and services important to our operations have manufacturing defects or
applicable legal and accounting requirements.                                              do not comply with applicable government regulations and standards (including
                                                                                           product safety practices), our ability to sell products and provide services on a
Other examples of risks associated with third-party suppliers and outsourcers
                                                                                           timely basis may be negatively impacted. We work with our suppliers to seek to
include the following:
                                                                                           identify serious product defects (including safety incidents) and develop
• We rely upon the successful implementation and execution of business continuity          appropriate remedial strategies, which may include a recall of products. To the
  plans by our product and service suppliers. To the extent that such plans do not         extent that a supplier does not actively participate in, and/or bear primary financial
  successfully mitigate the impacts of the current global economic environment,            responsibility for, a recall of its products, our ability to perform such recall programs
  geopolitical events or other events, and our suppliers or vendors experience             at a reasonable cost and/or in a timely fashion may be negatively impacted. Any of
  operational failures or inventory constraints, such failures or constraints could        the events referred to above could have an adverse effect on our business,
  result in, or amplify existing, supply chain disruptions that could adversely affect     reputation and financial results.
  our business. Incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment, materials,
                                                                                         • Products (including software) and services supplied to us may contain security
  products or services, as well as unavailability of our suppliers’ or contractors’
                                                                                           issues including, but not limited to, latent security issues that would not be
  employees due to strikes, workforce reduction initiatives or other factors, could
                                                                                           apparent upon an inspection. Should we or a supplier fail to correct a security issue
  impact sales and execution of our strategic imperatives and adversely affect our
                                                                                           in a timely fashion, there could be an adverse effect on our business, reputation
  business and financial results.
                                                                                           and financial results.
• The current global economic environment and recent geopolitical events have
                                                                                         • We rely on other telecommunications carriers from time to time to deliver services.
  given rise to inflationary pressures and sharp increases in prices, which could put
                                                                                           Should these carriers fail to roll out new networks or fail to upgrade existing
  increased pressure on the global supply chain and purchasing costs
                                                                                           networks, or should their networks be affected by operational failures or service
• The insolvency of one or more of our suppliers could cause a breakdown in                interruptions, such issues could adversely affect our ability to provide services
  supply and have an adverse effect on our operations, including our ability to            using such carriers’ networks and could, consequently, have an adverse effect on
  make sales or service customers, as well as on our financial results                     our business, reputation and financial results.
                                                                                         • BCE depends on call centre and technical support services provided by a number
                                                                                           of external suppliers and outsourcers, some of which are located in foreign
                                                                                           countries. These vendors have access to customer and internal BCE information
                                                                                           necessary for the support services that they provide. Information access and
                                                                                           service delivery issues that are not managed appropriately may have an adverse
                                                                                           impact on our business, reputation, the quality and speed of services provided to
                                                                                           customers, or our ability to address technical issues.

                                                                                                                                                                                 99
10 MD&A Accounting policies




10 Accounting policies
This section discusses key estimates and assumptions that management has made and how they affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
notes. It also describes key changes in accounting standards and our accounting policies, and how they affect our financial statements.
We have prepared our consolidated financial statements using IFRS Accounting Standards. Other significant accounting policies, not involving the same level of
measurement uncertainty as those discussed in this section, are nevertheless important to an understanding of our financial statements. See Note 2, Material
accounting policies, in BCE’s 2024 consolidated financial statements for more information about the accounting principles we used to prepare our consolidated
financial statements.


Critical accounting estimates and key judgments
When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and                The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible
judgments relating to:                                                                 assets are determined by internal asset life studies, which take into account actual
                                                                                       and expected future usage, physical wear and tear, replacement history and
• reported amounts of revenues and expenses
                                                                                       assumptions about technology evolution. When factors indicate that assets’ useful
• reported amounts of assets and liabilities                                           lives are different from the prior assessment, we depreciate or amortize the
                                                                                       remaining carrying value prospectively over the adjusted estimated useful lives.
• disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to             Post-employment benefit plans
historical experience, current events, economic and financial market conditions
                                                                                       The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and
such as interest rates, inflation and the risk of recession, geopolitical events and
                                                                                       OPEBs are determined using actuarial calculations that are based on several
supply chain disruptions, and actions that the company may undertake in the
                                                                                       assumptions.
future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the
circumstances. A change in these assumptions may have an impact on our                 Our actuaries perform a valuation at least every three years to determine the
financial statements including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value       actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plan and OPEB obligations. The
determination, expected credit losses and discount rates used for the present          actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the
value of cash flows. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to     discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of compensation increase, cost of living
measurement uncertainty and actual results could differ.                               indexation rate, trends in healthcare costs and expected average remaining years of
                                                                                       service of employees.
We consider the estimates and judgments described in this section to be an
important part of understanding our financial statements because they require          While we believe that these assumptions are reasonable, differences in actual
management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the         results or changes in assumptions could materially affect post-employment benefit
time the estimates and judgments were made, and changes to these estimates             obligations and future net post-employment benefit plans cost.
and judgments could have a material impact on our financial statements and our
segments.                                                                              We account for differences between actual and expected results in benefit
                                                                                       obligations and plan performance in OCI, which are then recognized immediately in
Our senior management has reviewed the development and selection of the critical       the deficit.
accounting estimates and judgments described in this section with the Audit
Committee of the BCE Board.                                                            The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit
                                                                                       plans cost are the discount rate and life expectancy.
Any sensitivity analysis included in this section should be used with caution as the
changes are hypothetical and the impact of changes in each key assumption may          A discount rate is used to determine the present value of the future cash flows that
not be linear.                                                                         we expect will be needed to settle post-employment benefit obligations.

Our more significant estimates and judgments are described below.                      The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed
                                                                                       income investments, with maturities matching the estimated cash flows of the post-
                                                                                       employment benefit plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available Canadian
Estimates                                                                              mortality tables and is adjusted for the company’s specific experience.
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment                                          A lower discount rate and a higher life expectancy result in a higher net post-
and finite-life intangible assets                                                      employment benefit obligation and a higher current service cost.
We review our estimates of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment and
finite-life intangible assets on an annual basis and adjust depreciation or
amortization on a prospective basis, as required.
Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets represent a
significant proportion of our total assets. Changes in technology or our intended
use of these assets, climate change and our ESG initiatives as well as changes in
business prospects or economic and industry factors, may cause the estimated
useful lives of these assets to change.


100     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
10 MD&A Accounting policies

Sensitivity analysis
The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit obligations and the net post-employment benefit plans
cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.

                                                                                                            Impact on net post-employment            Impact on post-employment benefit
                                                                                                              benefit plans cost for 2024 –          obligations at December 31, 2024 –
                                                                                                                 increase/(decrease)                         increase/(decrease)

                                                                                              Change in         Increase in         Decrease in           Increase in         Decrease in
                                                                                             assumption        assumption           assumption           assumption           assumption

Discount rate                                                                                     0.5%                 (79)                   72             (1,102)               1,208
Cost of living indexation rate                                                                    0.5%                  53                    (41)              987                  (805)
Life expectancy at age 65                                                                        1 year                 36                    (37)              720                  (721)


Revenue from contracts with customers                                                     software, $10 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets mainly for trademarks,
                                                                                          and $7 million allocated to prepaid expenses. The impairment was determined by
We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from                  comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal.
contracts with customers, including estimating the stand-alone selling prices of          We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using both discounted cash flows and
products and services.                                                                    market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash flow projections
For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services when            derived from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of
they are separately identifiable and the customer can benefit from the product or         September 1, 2024 to December 31, 2029, using discount rates of 9% to 11% and
service on its own or with other readily available resources. The total arrangement       perpetuity growth rates of (2%) to 0%, as well as market multiple data from public
consideration is allocated to each product or service included in the contract with       companies and market transactions. After impairments, the carrying value of the
the customer based on its stand-alone selling price. We generally determine stand-        impacted CGUs was $811 million.
alone selling prices based on the observable prices at which we sell products             Additionally in 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $100 million related mainly
separately without a service contract and prices for non-bundled service offers with      to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we ceased using as part of our real
the same range of services, adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as          estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.
appropriate. When similar products and services are not sold separately, we use
the expected cost plus margin approach to determine stand-alone selling prices.           During the fourth quarter of 2023, we recognized $86 million of impairment charges
Products and services purchased by a customer in excess of those included in the          for French TV channels within our Bell Media segment. The impairment charges
bundled arrangement are accounted for separately.                                         were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from
                                                                                          economic uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to market-based valuation
Impairment of non-financial assets                                                        assumptions. These charges included $41 million allocated to indefinite-life
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or      intangible assets for broadcast licences and brands, and $45 million to finite-life
when there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. Property, plant and           intangible assets for program and feature film rights. The impairment was
equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or        determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost
changes in circumstances, assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their          of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using both discounted cash
carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing,            flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash flow
assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are            projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior management for the
separately identifiable cash inflows.                                                     period of October 1, 2023 to December 31, 2028, using a discount rate of 9.5% and
                                                                                          a perpetuity growth rate of 0.0%. After impairments, the carrying value of our
Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying               impacted CGU was $62 million.
value of the assets over their recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount
is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously   Additionally in 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $57 million related mainly
recognized impairment losses, other than those attributable to goodwill, are              to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we ceased using as part of our real
reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the asset’s                 estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.
recoverable amount has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.
                                                                                          Goodwill impairment testing
We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using                  We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of
discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods to test for impairment.           our CGUs or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is
These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the               an indication that goodwill might be impaired.
number of years used in the cash flow model and the discount rate. When
impairment charges occur they are recorded in Impairment of assets.                       A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that
                                                                                          are independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.
During the third quarter of 2024, we recognized $958 million of impairment charges
for English and French TV services and radio markets within our Bell Media                We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or
segment. These charges included $627 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible      group of CGUs to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU or
assets for broadcast licences and brands, $144 million allocated to program and           group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
feature film rights, $85 million allocated to property, plant and equipment for           use. Both fair value less costs of disposal and value in use are based on estimates
network and infrastructure and equipment, $85 million allocated to                        of discounted future cash


                                                                                                                                                                                          101
10 MD&A Accounting policies

flows or other valuation methods. Cash flows are projected based on past                The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration
experience, actual operating results and business plans, including any impact from      given to the timing, sources and amounts of future taxable income.
changes in interest rates and inflation. When the recoverable amount of a CGU or
group of CGUs is less than its carrying value, the recoverable amount is                As required by IFRS Accounting Standards, we do not recognize or disclose
determined for its identifiable assets and liabilities. The excess of the recoverable   information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the Pillar Two model
amount of the CGU or group of CGUs over the total of the amounts assigned to its        rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development,
assets and liabilities is the recoverable amount of goodwill.                           including tax law that implements qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes
                                                                                        described in those rules.
An impairment charge is recognized in Impairment of assets in the income
statements for any excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its recoverable        Leases
amount. For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or groups of
                                                                                        The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the
CGUs correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 3, Segmented
                                                                                        measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities, including determining the
information, in BCE’s 2024 consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                        appropriate discount rate used to measure lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are
Any significant change in each of the estimates used could have a material impact       initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
on the calculation of the recoverable amount and resulting impairment charge. As a      commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the
result, we are unable to reasonably quantify the changes in our overall financial       rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is
performance if we had used different assumptions.                                       derived from publicly available risk-free interest rates, adjusted for applicable credit
                                                                                        spreads and lease terms. We apply a single incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio
We cannot predict whether an event that triggers impairment will occur, when it will    of leases with similar characteristics.
occur or how it will affect the asset values we have reported.
We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on which
                                                                                        Fair value of financial instruments
the estimate of recoverable amount of the Bell CTS group of CGUs is based would         Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative
not cause its carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.                         financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the
                                                                                        statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in
We have made certain assumptions as to the perpetuity and discount rates used to        the income statements and the statements of comprehensive income. Fair values
estimate the fair value of the Bell Media group of CGUs as well as in the five-year     are estimated by reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation
cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by management.               techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data,
These assumptions and projections may differ or change quickly given that the           such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples.
Canadian traditional TV and radio advertising market is expected to be impacted
by audience declines as the advertising market growth continues to shift towards        Contingencies
digital. A negative change to any of these assumptions and projections may result
in a further impairment of goodwill for the Bell Media group of CGUs.                   In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal
                                                                                        proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. Pending claims and legal
In Q3 2024, due to a continued decline in advertising demand and spending in the        proceedings represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of a
linear advertising market for Bell Media TV services and radio markets, there was       loss by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement
an indicator that goodwill might be impaired for the Bell Media group of CGUs.          strategies, based on information that is available at the time.
Consequently, an impairment charge of $1,132 million was recognized in
Impairment of assets in the income statements.                                          If the final resolution of a legal or regulatory matter results in a judgment against us
                                                                                        or requires us to pay a large settlement, it could have a material adverse effect on
In Q4 2024, we completed the required annual goodwill impairment test for each of       our consolidated financial statements in the period in which the judgment or
our CGUs or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated. There was no further         settlement occurs.
impairment of goodwill for the Bell Media group of CGUs.
There were no goodwill impairment charges in 2023.
                                                                                        Onerous contracts
                                                                                        A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of
Deferred taxes                                                                          meeting our obligations under a contract exceed the expected benefits to be
                                                                                        received under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected   lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of
to apply when the asset or liability is recovered or settled. Both our current and      completing the contract.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
                                                                                        Judgments
Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in        Post-employment benefit plans
subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates, except where we control the
timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the          The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit
temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.                        obligations requires judgment. The rate is set by reference to market yields of long-
                                                                                        term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of each fiscal
                                                                                        year. Significant judgment is required when setting the criteria for fixed income
                                                                                        investments to be included in the population from which the yield curve is derived.
                                                                                        The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the
                                                                                        size of the issue and credit quality, along with the identification of outliers, which are
                                                                                        excluded.

102     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
10 MD&A Accounting policies


Income taxes                                                                                           and the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or with other
                                                                                                       readily available resources. When our right to consideration from a customer
The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and                        corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the products and services
regulations. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax                        transferred to date, we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to
determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of                 invoice. We recognize product revenues from the sale of wireless handsets and
which could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities.                      devices and wireline equipment when a customer takes possession of the product.
Management believes that it has sufficient amounts accrued for outstanding tax                         We recognize service revenues over time, as the services are provided. Revenues
matters based on information that currently is available.                                              on certain long-term contracts are recognized using output methods based on
Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets                            products delivered, performance completed to date, time elapsed or milestones met.
and liabilities to be recognized. In particular, judgment is required when assessing                   Additionally, the determination of costs to obtain a contract, including the
the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax rates                   identification of incremental costs, also requires judgment. Incremental costs of
are applied.                                                                                           obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales commissions,
                                                                                                       and prepaid contract fulfillment costs are included in Contract costs in the
Leases                                                                                                 statements of financial position, except where the amortization period is one year or
The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the                               less, in which case costs of obtaining a contract are immediately expensed.
measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities. A lease contract conveys the                       Capitalized costs are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the
right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for                   period and pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.
consideration. At inception of the contract, we assess whether the contract
contains an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain substantially all of                 CGUs
the economic benefits from use of the asset and whether we have the right to                           The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing
direct how and for what purpose the asset is used. In determining the lease term,                      requires judgment.
we include periods covered by renewal options when we are reasonably certain to
exercise those options. Similarly, we include periods covered by termination
options when we are reasonably certain not to exercise those options. To assess if                     Contingencies
we are reasonably certain to exercise an option, we consider all facts and                             The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal proceedings
circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise renewal options (or                        and whether an outflow of resources is likely requires judgment.
not exercise termination options). Economic incentives include the costs related to
the termination of the lease, the significance of any leasehold improvements and                       We accrue a potential loss if we believe a loss is probable and an outflow of
the importance of the underlying assets to our operations.                                             resources is likely and can be reasonably estimated, based on information that is
                                                                                                       available at the time. Any accrual would be charged to earnings and included in
                                                                                                       Trade payables and other liabilities or Other non-current liabilities. Any payment as a
Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                  result of a judgment or cash settlement would be deducted from cash from operating
The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of                      activities. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing potential outcomes and
satisfaction of performance obligations under long-term contracts requires                             assuming various litigation and settlement strategies.
judgment. For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and
services when they are separately identifiable



Future changes to accounting standards
The following accounting standard and amendments to accounting standards issued by the IASB have not yet been adopted by BCE.

Standard                 Description                                                                                                                               Impact             Effective date

IFRS 18 –                Sets out requirements and guidance on presentation and disclosure in financial statements, including:                                     We are currently   Annual reporting
Presentation                                                                                                                                                       assessing the      periods beginning on
                         • presentation in the income statements of income and expenses within defined categories – operating, investing, financing,
and Disclosure                                                                                                                                                     impact of this     or after January 1,
                           income taxes and discontinued operations
in Financial                                                                                                                                                       standard.          2027. Early
Statements               • presentation in the income statements of new defined subtotals – operating profit and profit before financing and income                                   application is
                           taxes                                                                                                                                                      permitted.
                         • disclosure of explanations of management-defined performance measures that are related to the income statements
                         • enhanced guidance on aggregation and disaggregation of information and whether to provide information in the financial
                           statements or in the notes
                         • disclosure of specified expenses by nature
                         IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements but carries forward many of the requirements from IAS 1
                         unchanged.

Amendments to            In particular, the amendments clarify:                                                                                                    We are currently   Annual reporting
the Classification                                                                                                                                                 assessing the      periods beginning on
                         • the classification of financial assets with ESG and similar features
and Measurement                                                                                                                                                    impact of these    or after January 1,
of Financial             • the derecognition date for financial liabilities and introduce an accounting policy option for financial liabilities settled using an   amendments.        2026. Early
Instruments –              electronic payment system if certain conditions are met                                                                                                    application is
Amendments to                                                                                                                                                                         permitted.
                         The amendments also require additional disclosures for financial instruments with contractual terms that reference a
IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
                         contingent event and equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                                                                                                                       103
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)




11 Non-GAAP financial measures,
   other financial measures and
   key performance indicators (KPIs)
BCE uses various financial measures to assess its business performance. Certain         • Non-GAAP ratios;
of these measures are calculated in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards           • Total of segments measures;
or GAAP while certain other measures do not have a standardized meaning under
GAAP. We believe that our GAAP financial measures, read together with adjusted          • Capital management measures; and
non-GAAP and other financial measures, provide readers with a better                    • Supplementary financial measures.
understanding of how management assesses BCE’s performance.
                                                                                        This section provides a description and classification of the specified financial
National Instrument 52-112, Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure            measures contemplated by NI 52-112 that we use to explain our financial results
(NI 52-112), prescribes disclosure requirements that apply to the following             except that, for supplementary financial measures, an explanation of such measures
specified financial measures:                                                           is provided where they are first referred to in this MD&A if the supplementary
• Non-GAAP financial measures;                                                          financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently descriptive.




11.1 Non-GAAP financial measures
A non-GAAP financial measure is a financial measure used to depict our historical       non-GAAP financial measures are reflective of our ongoing operating results and
or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow and, with     provide readers with an understanding of management’s perspective on and
respect to its composition, either excludes an amount that is included in, or           analysis of our performance.
includes an amount that is excluded from, the composition of the most directly
comparable financial measure disclosed in BCE’s consolidated primary financial          Below are descriptions of the non-GAAP financial measures that we use to explain
statements. We believe that                                                             our results as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable financial
                                                                                        measures under IFRS Accounting Standards.


Adjusted net earnings
The term adjusted net earnings does not have any standardized meaning under             We use adjusted net earnings and we believe that certain investors and analysts use
IFRS Accounting Standards. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar        this measure, among other ones, to assess the performance of our businesses
measures presented by other issuers.                                                    without the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market
                                                                                        losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
We define adjusted net earnings as net earnings (loss) attributable to common           compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in associates and joint
shareholders before severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market          ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt redemption costs,
losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-          impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and NCI. We exclude
based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in associates        these items because they affect the comparability of our financial results and could
and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt redemption costs,     potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding these
impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and NCI.                   items does not imply they are non-recurring.
                                                                                        The most directly comparable financial measure under IFRS Accounting Standards
                                                                                        is net earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders.

104     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)

The following table is a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to common shareholders to adjusted net earnings on a consolidated basis.

                                                                                                                                 Q4 2024                 Q4 2023                    2024                    2023

Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                                                                     461                     382                     163                  2,076
Reconciling items:
   Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                            154                      41                     454                    200
   Net mark-to-market losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
      compensation plans                                                                                                             198                       (6)                   269                    103
   Net equity losses on investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                    –                    204                     247                    581
   Net losses (gains) on investments                                                                                                    1                      (2)                   (57)                    (80)
   Early debt redemption costs                                                                                                          –                       –                      –                       1
   Impairment of assets                                                                                                                 4                    109                  2,190                      143
   Income taxes for the above reconciling items                                                                                       (99)                   (39)                  (467)                    (100)
   NCI for the above reconciling items                                                                                                  –                       2                    (26)                      2
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                                719                     691                  2,773                   2,926



Available liquidity
The term available liquidity does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS                    The following table is a reconciliation of cash to available liquidity on a consolidated
Accounting Standards. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar                       basis.
measures presented by other issuers.
                                                                                                                                                                     December 31, 2024       December 31, 2023
We define available liquidity as cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and
amounts available under our securitized receivables program and our committed                     Cash                                                                             1,572                    547
bank credit facilities, excluding credit facilities that are available exclusively for a          Cash equivalents                                                                      –                   225
pre-determined purpose.                                                                           Short-term investments                                                             400                  1,000
                                                                                                  Amounts available under our securitized receivables
We consider available liquidity to be an important indicator of the financial strength              program (1)                                                                      700                    700
and performance of our businesses because it shows the funds available to meet
                                                                                                  Amounts available under our committed bank credit
our cash requirements, including for, but not limited to, capital expenditures, post-               facilities (2)                                                                 1,810                  3,303
employment benefit plans funding, dividend payments, the payment of contractual
obligations, maturing debt, ongoing operations, the acquisition of spectrum, and                  Available liquidity                                                              4,482                  5,775
other cash requirements. We believe that certain investors and analysts use
available liquidity to evaluate the financial strength and performance of our                     (1) At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, $700 million was available under our securitized receivables
                                                                                                      program, under which we borrowed $1,112 million in U.S. dollars ($1,600 million in Canadian dollars) and
businesses. The most directly comparable financial measure under IFRS                                 $1,200 million in U.S. dollars ($1,588 million in Canadian dollars) as at December 31, 2024 and
Accounting Standards is cash.                                                                         December 31, 2023, respectively. Loans secured by receivables are included in Debt due within one year in
                                                                                                      our consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                  (2) At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, $1,810 million and $3,303 million were
                                                                                                      available under our committed bank credit facilities, given outstanding commercial paper of $1,522 million in
                                                                                                      U.S. dollars ($2,190 million in Canadian dollars) and $149 million in U.S. dollars ($197 million in Canadian
                                                                                                      dollars) as at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Commercial paper outstanding is
                                                                                                      included in Debt due within one year in our consolidated financial statements.



Free cash flow and excess free cash flow
The terms free cash flow and excess free cash flow do not have any standardized                   We define excess free cash flow as free cash flow less dividends paid on common
meaning under IFRS Accounting Standards. Therefore, they are unlikely to be                       shares.
comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.
                                                                                                  We consider free cash flow and excess free cash flow to be important indicators of
We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash                  the financial strength and performance of our businesses. Free cash flow shows how
from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid (which include                     much cash is available to pay dividends on common shares, repay debt and reinvest
significant litigation costs) and voluntary pension funding, less capital expenditures,           in our company. Excess free cash flow shows how much cash is available to repay
preferred share dividends and dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI. We exclude                   debt and reinvest in our company, after the payment of dividends on common
cash from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid and voluntary                 shares. We believe that certain investors and analysts use free cash flow and
pension funding because they affect the comparability of our financial results and                excess free cash flow to value a business and its underlying assets and to evaluate
could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding               the financial strength and performance of our businesses. The most directly
these items does not imply they are non-recurring.                                                comparable financial measure under IFRS Accounting Standards is cash flows from
                                                                                                  operating activities.

                                                                                                                                                                                                              105
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)

The following tables provide reconciliations of cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow and excess free cash flow on a consolidated basis.

                                                                                                             2024       Q4 2024         Q3 2024          Q2 2024               Q1 2024

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                        6,988        1,877            1,842             2,137                1,132
Capital expenditures                                                                                       (3,897)        (963)            (954)             (978)              (1,002)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                      (187)          (53)            (43)              (45)                 (46)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                                    (68)          (12)            (14)              (28)                 (14)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                               52            25               1                11                   15
Free cash flow                                                                                              2,888          874             832              1,097                   85
Dividends paid on common shares                                                                            (3,613)        (910)            (910)             (910)                (883)

Excess free cash flow                                                                                        (725)          (36)            (78)              187                 (798)


                                                                                          2023          Q4 2023         Q3 2023         Q2 2023          Q1 2023                  2022

Cash flows from operating activities                                                    7,946              2,373         1,961            2,365             1,247                8,365
Capital expenditures                                                                    (4,581)            (1,029)       (1,159)         (1,307)            (1,086)             (5,133)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                  (182)                (46)          (35)            (46)               (55)               (136)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                 (47)               (12)          (13)             (1)               (21)                (39)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                             8                  3             –               5                   –                 10

Free cash flow                                                                          3,144              1,289           754            1,016                85                3,067
Dividends paid on common shares                                                         (3,486)             (882)         (883)            (882)             (839)              (3,312)
Excess free cash flow                                                                    (342)               407          (129)             134              (754)                (245)




Net debt
The term net debt does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS                       Net debt is calculated using several asset and liability categories from the
Accounting Standards. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar               statements of financial position. The most directly comparable financial measure
measures presented by other issuers.                                                      under IFRS Accounting Standards is long-term debt. The following table is a
                                                                                          reconciliation of long-term debt to net debt on a consolidated basis.
We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and 50% of
preferred shares, less cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as                                                                  December 31, 2024       December 31, 2023
shown in BCE’s consolidated statements of financial position. We include 50% of
outstanding preferred shares in our net debt as it is consistent with the treatment       Long-term debt                                                32,835                  31,135
by certain credit rating agencies.                                                        Debt due within one year                                       7,669                   5,042
                                                                                          50% of preferred shares                                        1,767                   1,834
We consider net debt to be an important indicator of the company’s financial
                                                                                          Cash                                                          (1,572)                   (547)
leverage because it represents the amount of debt that is not covered by available
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We believe that certain                Cash equivalents                                                     –                  (225)
investors and analysts use net debt to determine a company’s financial leverage.          Short-term investments                                            (400)               (1,000)
                                                                                          Net debt                                                      40,299                  36,239




11.2           Non-GAAP ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure disclosed in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation and that has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or
more of its components.


Adjusted EPS
The term adjusted EPS does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS                   We use adjusted EPS, and we believe that certain investors and analysts use this
Accounting Standards. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar               measure, among other ones, to assess the performance of our businesses without
measures presented by other issuers.                                                      the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market losses
                                                                                          (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
We define adjusted EPS as adjusted net earnings per BCE common share.                     compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in associates and joint
Adjusted net earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further details on             ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt redemption costs,
adjusted net earnings, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures.                     impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and NCI. We exclude
                                                                                          these items because they affect the comparability of our financial results and could
                                                                                          potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding these
                                                                                          items does not imply they are non-recurring.

106      BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


Dividend payout ratio
The term dividend payout ratio does not have any standardized meaning under             We consider dividend payout ratio to be an important indicator of the financial
IFRS Accounting Standards. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar        strength and performance of our businesses because it shows the sustainability of
measures presented by other issuers.                                                    the company’s dividend payments.
We define dividend payout ratio as dividends paid on common shares divided by
free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further details
on free cash flow, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures.



11.3            Total of segments measures
A total of segments measure is a financial measure that is a subtotal or total of 2 or more reportable segments and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated
primary financial statements.


Adjusted EBITDA
We define adjusted EBITDA as operating revenues less operating costs as shown in BCE’s consolidated income statements.
The most directly comparable financial measure under IFRS Accounting Standards is net earnings (loss). The following tables provide reconciliations of net earnings (loss) to
adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated basis.

                                                                                                         2024         Q4 2024        Q3 2024         Q2 2024         Q1 2024

Net earnings (loss)                                                                                      375             505          (1,191)           604             457
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                   454             154              49             22             229
Depreciation                                                                                            3,758            933             934            945             946
Amortization                                                                                            1,283            317             325            325             316
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                     1,713            431             440            426             416
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                            (66)           (17)            (16)            (17)           (16)
Impairment of assets                                                                                    2,190              4           2,113             60              13
Other expense                                                                                            305             103              63            101              38
Income taxes                                                                                             577             175               5            231             166

Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                       10,589           2,605           2,722           2,697          2,565


                                                                                         2023         Q4 2023         Q3 2023        Q2 2023         Q1 2023            2022

Net earnings                                                                            2,327            435             707             397            788           2,926
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                   200              41              10             100             49              94
Depreciation                                                                            3,745            954             937             936            918           3,660
Amortization                                                                            1,173            299             295             296            283           1,063
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                     1,475            399             373             359            344           1,146
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                           (108)           (27)            (27)            (27)           (27)            (51)
Impairment of assets                                                                     143             109                –              –             34             279
Other expense (income)                                                                   466             147             129             311            (121)           115
Income taxes                                                                             996             210             243             273            270             967

Adjusted EBITDA                                                                        10,417          2,567           2,667           2,645           2,538         10,199

                                                                                                                                                                         107
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)



11.4            Capital management measures
A capital management measure is a financial measure that is intended to enable a                                 The financial reporting framework used to prepare the financial statements requires
reader to evaluate our objectives, policies and processes for managing our capital                               disclosure that helps readers assess the company’s capital management objectives,
and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated financial statements.                                    policies, and processes, as set out in IFRS Accounting Standards in IAS 1 –
                                                                                                                 Presentation of Financial Statements. BCE has its own methods for managing
                                                                                                                 capital and liquidity, and IFRS Accounting Standards do not prescribe any particular
                                                                                                                 calculation method.




Net debt leverage ratio
The net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. Net                                  We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the net debt leverage
debt used in the calculation of the net debt leverage ratio is a non-GAAP financial                              ratio as a measure of financial leverage.
measure. For further details on net debt, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
measures. For the purposes of calculating our net debt leverage ratio, adjusted
EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.



11.5            Supplementary financial measures
A supplementary financial measure is a financial measure that is not reported in                                 An explanation of such measures is provided where they are first referred to in this
BCE’s consolidated financial statements, and is, or is intended to be, reported                                  MD&A if the supplementary financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently
periodically to represent historical or expected future financial performance,                                   descriptive.
financial position, or cash flows.



11.6            KPIs
In addition to the non-GAAP financial measures and other financial measures described previously, we use the following KPIs to measure the success of our strategic
imperatives. These KPIs are not accounting measures and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.

KPI                                         Definition

Adjusted EBITDA margin                      Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.

ARPU                                        ARPU is defined as Bell CTS wireless external services revenues divided by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified period, expressed as
                                            a dollar unit per month.

Capital intensity                           Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.

Churn                                       Mobile phone churn is the rate at which existing mobile phone subscribers cancel their services. It is a measure of our ability to retain our customers. Mobile
                                            phone churn is calculated by dividing the number of mobile phone deactivations during a given period by the average number of mobile phone subscribers in
                                            the base for the specified period and is expressed as a percentage per month.

Subscriber unit (1)                         Mobile phone subscriber unit is comprised of a recurring revenue generating portable unit (e.g. smartphones and feature phones) on an active service plan,
                                            that has access to our wireless networks and includes voice, text and/or data connectivity. We report mobile phone subscriber units in two categories:
                                            postpaid and prepaid. Prepaid mobile phone subscriber units are considered active for a period of 90 days following the expiry of the subscriber’s prepaid
                                            balance.
                                            Mobile connected device subscriber unit is comprised of a recurring revenue generating portable unit (e.g. tablets, wearables, mobile Internet devices and
                                            IoT) on an active service plan, that has access to our wireless networks and is intended for limited or no cellular voice capability.
                                            Wireline subscriber unit consists of an active revenue-generating unit with access to our services, including retail Internet, IPTV, and/or residential NAS. A
                                            subscriber is included in our subscriber base when the service has been installed and is operational at the customer premise and a billing relationship has
                                            been established.
                                            • Retail Internet and IPTV subscribers have access to stand-alone services, and are primarily represented by a dwelling unit or a business location
                                            • Retail residential NAS subscribers are based on a line count and are represented by a unique telephone number

(1) As of Q1 2024, we are no longer reporting retail satellite TV subscribers as this no longer represents a significant proportion of our revenues. As a result, satellite TV subscribers have been removed from our retail TV
    subscriber base, and we now report exclusively retail IPTV subscribers.

108       BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
12 MD&A Effectiveness of internal controls




12 Effectiveness of internal controls
Disclosure controls and procedures
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable                 As at December 31, 2024, management evaluated, under the supervision of and
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or             with the participation of the CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure
submitted under Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed,                 controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the U.S. Securities
summarized and reported within the time periods specified under those laws, and           Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument 52-109 –
include controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the information is       Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.
accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s President and
CEO and Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), to allow              Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.                                           and procedures were effective as at December 31, 2024.


Internal control over financial reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal              Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the U.S.             CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument                as at December 31, 2024, based on the criteria established in Internal Control –
52-109. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under         Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
the supervision of the CEO and CFO, and effected by the Board, management and             of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
other personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external           Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over
purposes in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB.              financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2024.
However, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis.


Changes in internal control over financial reporting
No changes were made in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
                                                                                                                                                                         109
                                                           EXHIBIT 99.3




Consolidated financial statements
Table of Contents
Management's responsibility for financial reporting                  3
Report of independent registered public accounting firm              4
Consolidated income statements                                       6
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income                      7
Consolidated statements of financial position                        8
Consolidated statements of changes in equity                         9
Consolidated statements of cash flows                               10
Notes to consolidated financial statements                          11
    Note 1 Corporate information                                    11
    Note 2 Material accounting policies                             11
    Note 3 Segmented information                                    21
    Note 4 Business acquisitions and dispositions                   23
    Note 5 Operating costs                                          27
    Note 6 Severance, acquisition and other costs                   27
    Note 7 Interest expense                                         27
    Note 8 Impairment of assets                                     28
    Note 9 Other expense                                            29
    Note 10 Income taxes                                            29
    Note 11 Earnings per share                                      31
    Note 12 Trade and other receivables                             31
    Note 13 Inventory                                               32
    Note 14 Contract assets and liabilities                         32
    Note 15 Contract costs                                          33
    Note 16 Assets and liabilities held for sale                    33
    Note 17 Property, plant and equipment                           35
    Note 18 Leases                                                  36
    Note 19 Intangible assets                                       37
    Note 20 Investments in associates and joint ventures            38
    Note 21 Other non-current assets                                39
    Note 22 Goodwill                                                39
    Note 23 Trade payables and other liabilities                    40
    Note 24 Debt due within one year                                40
    Note 25 Long-term debt                                          42
    Note 26 Provisions                                              44
    Note 27 Post-employment benefit plans                           44
    Note 28 Other non-current liabilities                           49
    Note 29 Financial and capital management                        49
    Note 30 Share capital                                           55
    Note 31 Share-based payments                                    57
    Note 32 Additional cash flow information                        59
    Note 33 Remaining performance obligations                       60
    Note 34 Commitments and contingencies                           61
    Note 35 Related party transactions                              62
    Note 36 Significant partly-owned subsidiary                     63




                                                                      2
Management's responsibility for financial reporting
These financial statements form the basis for all of the financial information that appears in this report.
The financial statements and all of the information in this report are the responsibility of the management of BCE Inc. (BCE) and have been
reviewed and approved by the board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its financial
reporting responsibilities. Deloitte LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, have audited the financial statements.
Management has prepared the financial statements in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. Under these principles, management has made certain estimates and assumptions that are reflected in the
financial statements and notes. Management believes that these financial statements fairly present BCE’s consolidated financial position,
results of operations and cash flows.
Management has a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements are accurate and
complete in all material respects. This is supported by an internal audit group that reports to the Audit Committee, and includes
communication with employees about policies for ethical business conduct. Management believes that the internal controls provide
reasonable assurance that our financial records are reliable and form a proper basis for preparing the financial statements, and that our
assets are properly accounted for and safeguarded.
The board of directors has appointed an Audit Committee, which is made up of unrelated and independent directors. The Audit Committee’s
responsibilities include reviewing the financial statements and other information in this report, and recommending them to the board of
directors for approval. You will find a description of the Audit Committee’s other responsibilities in this report. The internal auditors and the
shareholders’ auditors have free and independent access to the Audit Committee.


(signed) Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer


(signed) Curtis Millen
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer


(signed) Thierry Chaumont
Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
March 6, 2025




3 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on the financial statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of BCE Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as at
December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity, and
cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial
statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and its financial performance and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2024, in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 6, 2025,
expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical audit matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical
audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Goodwill and intangible assets - Bell Media group - refer to notes 2N, 8, 19 and 22 to the financial
statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets for the Bell Media group of cash generating units (“Bell Media”) are tested annually or when
there is an indication that the assets may be impaired. In the third quarter of 2024, a further decline in advertising demand and spending in
the linear advertising market led management to identify impairment indicators for Bell Media’s TV services and radio markets.
Consequently, following the impairment assessment, management recognized impairment charges for goodwill, as well as for the English
and French TV services and radio markets intangible assets within the Bell Media segment.
When testing goodwill and intangible assets for Bell Media, while there are several assumptions that are required to determine the
recoverable amount, the judgments with the highest degree of subjectivity and impact are the operating cash flow projections, and the
determination of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) multiples, discount rates and perpetuity growth
rates (“significant assumptions”). Changes in these significant assumptions could have a significant impact on either the recoverable amount
of Bell Media, the amount of impairment charge to goodwill and/or intangible assets as required, or both. Auditing the significant
assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, which included the involvement of fair value
specialists.




                                                                                                                                            4
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the significant assumptions used by management to determine the recoverable amount for Bell Media
included the following, among others:
•   Evaluated the effectiveness of controls over the assessment of goodwill and intangible assets for impairment, including those over the
    significant assumptions.
•   Evaluated management’s ability to accurately project operating cash flows by comparing actual results to management’s historical
    projections.
•   Evaluated the reasonableness of management’s operating cash flow projections by giving consideration to:
         •    Historical operating cash flows;
         •    Analyst and industry reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies, and other relevant publicly available
              information;
         •    Changes in Bell Media’s operations and the industry that are expected to impact operating cash flow projections, including the
              advertising market, which continues to be adversely affected by economic uncertainty; and
         •    Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors.
•   With the assistance of fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) EBITDA multiples, (2) discount rates, and (3)
    perpetuity growth rates by:
         •    Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates;
         •    Reviewing relevant internal and external information, including third-party information and industry reports, to assess the
              reasonability of the selected EBITDA multiples, discount rates and perpetuity growth rates; and
         •    Developing ranges of independent estimates and comparing those to the EBITDA multiples, discount rates and perpetuity
              growth rates selected by management.




/s/ Deloitte LLP
Chartered Professional Accountants
Montréal, Canada
March 6, 2025
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1880.




5 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Consolidated income statements
For the year ended December 31
(in millions of Canadian dollars, except share amounts)                              Note      2024       2023
Operating revenues                                                                      3    24,409     24,673
Operating costs                                                                 3,      5   (13,820)   (14,256)
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                  6      (454)      (200)
Depreciation                                                                           17    (3,758)    (3,745)
Amortization                                                                           19    (1,283)    (1,173)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                     7    (1,713)    (1,475)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                         27        66        108
Impairment of assets                                                      8,   17,     19    (2,190)      (143)
Other expense                                                                           9      (305)      (466)
Income taxes                                                                           10      (577)      (996)
Net earnings                                                                                    375      2,327
Net earnings attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                                                         163       2,076
   Preferred shareholders                                                                      181         187
   Non-controlling interest                                                            36       31          64
Net earnings                                                                                   375       2,327
Net earnings per common share - basic and diluted                                      11      0.18       2.28
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic (millions)                       912.3      912.2




                                                                                                              6
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income
For the year ended December 31
(in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                     Note   2024     2023
Net earnings                                                                                                                 375     2,327
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes
    Items that will be subsequently reclassified to net earnings
        Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes of $144 million and
          $93 million for 2024 and 2023, respectively                                                                        (393)   (257)
    Items that will not be reclassified to net earnings
        Actuarial gains (losses) on post-employment benefit plans, net of income taxes of ($213) million and $149
          million for 2024 and 2023, respectively                                                                       27   583     (404)
        Net change in value of publicly-traded and privately-held investments, net of income taxes of ($38) million
          and ($50) million for 2024 and 2023, respectively                                                                  239      325
        Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes of ($21) million and
          $5 million for 2024 and 2023, respectively                                                                          59       (12)
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                            488      (348)
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                   863     1,979
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Common shareholders                                                                                                         648     1,731
 Preferred shareholders                                                                                                      181       187
  Non-controlling interest                                                                                             36     34        61
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                   863     1,979




7 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Consolidated statements of financial position
(in millions of Canadian dollars)                      Note   December 31, 2024   December 31, 2023
ASSETS
Current assets
  Cash                                                                   1,572                 547
  Cash equivalents                                                          —                  225
  Short-term investments                                                   400               1,000
  Trade and other receivables                            12              4,489               4,031
  Inventory                                              13                420                 465
  Contract assets                                       14                 477                 443
  Contract costs                                        15                 702                 633
  Prepaid expenses                                                         259                 230
  Other current assets                                                     524                 264
  Assets held for sale                            4,     16                 80                  60
Total current assets                                                     8,923               7,898
Non-current assets
   Contract assets                                   14                    282                 292
   Contract costs                                    15                    888                 779
   Property, plant and equipment                     17                 30,001              30,352
   Intangible assets                                  19                16,786              16,609
   Deferred tax assets                                10                   136                  96
   Investments in associates and joint ventures       20                   341                 323
   Post-employment benefit assets                     27                 3,578               2,935
   Other non-current assets                           21                 2,289               1,714
   Goodwill                                       4, 22                 10,261              10,942
Total non-current assets                                                64,562              64,042
Total assets                                                            73,485              71,940
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
   Trade payables and other liabilities                  23              4,507               4,729
   Contract liabilities                                  14                774                 811
   Interest payable                                                        392                 332
   Dividends payable                                                       933                 910
   Current tax liabilities                                                  42                 268
   Debt due within one year                              24              7,669               5,042
   Liabilities held for sale                      4,     16                529                  15
Total current liabilities                                               14,846              12,107
Non-current liabilities
  Contract liabilities                                   14                350                 277
  Long-term debt                                         25             32,835              31,135
  Deferred tax liabilities                               10              5,244               4,869
  Post-employment benefit obligations                    27              1,204               1,278
  Other non-current liabilities                          28              1,646               1,717
Total non-current liabilities                                           41,279              39,276
Total liabilities                                                       56,125              51,383
Commitments and contingencies                            34
EQUITY
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders
   Preferred shares                                      30              3,533               3,667
   Common shares                                         30             20,860              20,859
   Contributed surplus                                   30              1,278               1,258
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                   (159)                (42)
   Deficit                                                              (8,441)             (5,513)
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                           17,071              20,229
Non-controlling interest                                 36                289                 328
Total equity                                                            17,360              20,557
Total liabilities and equity                                            73,485              71,940




                                                                                                  8
Consolidated statements of changes in equity
                                                               Attributable to BCE shareholders
                                                                                     Accum-
                                                                                       ulated
                                                                                        other
                                                                          Contri-    compre-                                Non-
For the year ended December 31, 2024             Preferred   Common        buted     hensive                          controlling     Total
(in millions of Canadian dollars)         Note     shares      shares    surplus         loss     Deficit     Total      interest    equity
Balance at December 31, 2023                        3,667     20,859       1,258         (42)     (5,513)   20,229          328     20,557
Net earnings                                           —          —           —           —          344       344           31        375
Other comprehensive (loss) income                      —          —           —          (98)        583       485            3        488
Total comprehensive (loss) income                      —          —           —          (98)       927        829            34       863
Other share-based compensation              30         —          1          (22)         —         (33)       (54)           —        (54)
Repurchase of preferred shares              30       (134)        —           42          —          —         (92)           —        (92)
Dividends declared on BCE common
  and preferred shares                                 —          —           —           —       (3,827)   (3,827)           —     (3,827)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries
  to non-controlling interest                          —          —           —           —           —         —            (68)      (68)
Settlement of cash flow hedges
  transferred to the cost basis of
  hedged items                                         —          —           —          (19)         —        (19)          —         (19)
Acquisition of minority interest                       —          —           —           —            5         5           (5)        —
Balance at December 31, 2024                        3,533     20,860       1,278        (159)     (8,441)   17,071          289     17,360


                                                               Attributable to BCE shareholders
                                                                                       Accum-
                                                                                        ulated
                                                                                          other
                                                                                      compre-
                                                                           Contri-     hensive                              Non-
For the year ended December 31, 2023             Preferred   Common          buted       (loss)                       controlling    Total
(in millions of Canadian dollars)         Note     shares      shares     surplus      income Deficit         Total      interest   equity
Balance at December 31, 2022                        3,870     20,840       1,172         (55)     (3,649)   22,178          337     22,515
Net earnings                                           —          —           —           —        2,263     2,263           64      2,327
Other comprehensive income (loss)                      —          —           —           59        (404)     (345)          (3)      (348)
Total comprehensive income                             —          —           —           59      1,859      1,918           61      1,979
Common shares issued under
   employee stock option plan               30         —          19          (1)         —           —         18            —         18
Other share-based compensation              30         —          —           24          —          (23)        1            —          1
Repurchase of preferred shares              30       (203)        —           63          —           —       (140)           —       (140)
Dividends declared on BCE
   common and preferred shares                         —          —           —           —       (3,717)   (3,717)           —     (3,717)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries
    to non-controlling interest                        —          —           —           —           —         —            (47)      (47)
Settlement of cash flow hedges
  transferred to the cost basis of
  hedged items                                         —          —           —          (29)        —         (29)           —        (29)
Disposition of production studios            4         —          —           —           —          —          —            (23)      (23)
Other                                                  —          —           —          (17)        17         —             —         —
Balance at December 31, 2023                        3,667     20,859       1,258         (42)     (5,513)   20,229          328     20,557




9 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Consolidated statements of cash flows
For the year ended December 31
(in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                      Note     2024      2023
Cash flows from operating activities
Net earnings                                                                                    375     2,327
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows from operating activities
   Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                6       454       200
   Depreciation and amortization                                                17 ,    19     5,041     4,918
   Post-employment benefit plans cost                                                   27       142        98
   Net interest expense                                                                        1,590     1,408
   Impairment of assets                                                                  8     2,190       143
   Gains on investments                                                                  9       (57)      (80)
   Net equity losses from investments in associates and joint ventures                   9       247       581
   Income taxes                                                                         10       577       996
   Contributions to post-employment benefit plans                                       27       (52)      (52)
   Payments under other post-employment benefit plans                                   27       (61)      (64)
   Severance and other costs paid                                                               (330)     (178)
   Interest paid                                                                              (1,759)   (1,486)
   Income taxes paid (net of refunds)                                                           (783)     (700)
   Acquisition and other costs paid                                                              (52)       (8)
   Net change in operating assets and liabilities                                               (534)     (157)
Cash flows from operating activities                                                           6,988     7,946
Cash flows used in investing activities
  Capital expenditures                                                                   3    (3,897)   (4,581)
  Decrease (increase) in short-term investments                                                  600    (1,000)
  Business acquisitions                                                                  4      (624)     (222)
  Business disposition                                                           4,      9        —        209
  Spectrum licences                                                                     19      (531)     (183)
  Other investing activities                                                                      14        (4)
Cash flows used in investing activities                                                       (4,438)   (5,781)
Cash flow used in financing activities
  Increase (decrease) in notes payable                                                         1,945      (646)
  Issue of long-term debt                                                               25     3,834     5,195
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                           25    (3,303)   (1,858)
  Repurchase of financial liability                                                               —       (149)
  Issue of common shares                                                                30        —         18
  Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                             31      (235)     (223)
  Repurchase of preferred shares                                                        30       (92)     (140)
  Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                        (3,613)   (3,486)
  Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                       (187)     (182)
  Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                (68)      (47)
  Other financing activities                                                                     (31)      (24)
Cash flow used in financing activities                                                        (1,750)   (1,542)
Net increase in cash                                                                          1,025       448
Cash at beginning of year                                                                       547        99
Cash at end of year                                                                           1,572       547
Net (decrease) increase in cash equivalents                                                    (225)      175
Cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                           225        50
Cash equivalents at end of year                                                                   —       225




                                                                                                             10
Notes to consolidated financial statements
We, us, our, BCE and the company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their
subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.




Note 1 Corporate information
BCE is incorporated and domiciled in Canada. BCE’s head office is located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Verdun, Québec,
Canada. BCE is a communications company providing wireless, wireline, Internet, streaming services, and television (TV) services to
residential, business and wholesale customers in Canada through our Bell Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS) segment.
Our Bell Media segment provides a portfolio of assets in premium video, audio, out-of-home (OOH) advertising, and digital media to
customers nationally across Canada. The consolidated financial statements (financial statements) were approved by BCE’s board of
directors on March 6, 2025.




Note 2 Material accounting policies
A) Basis of presentation
The financial statements were prepared in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments
that are measured at fair value as described in our accounting policies.
All amounts are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted.

Functional currency
The financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, the company’s functional currency.

B) Basis of consolidation
We consolidate the financial statements of all of our subsidiaries.
The results of subsidiaries acquired during the year are consolidated from the date of acquisition and the results of subsidiaries sold during
the year are deconsolidated from the date of disposal. Intercompany transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated on
consolidation.

C) Revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue is measured based on the value of the expected consideration in a contract with a customer and excludes sales taxes and other
amounts we collect on behalf of third parties. We recognize revenue when control of a product or service is transferred to a customer. When
our right to consideration from a customer corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the products and services transferred to
date, we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to invoice.
For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services when they are separately identifiable and the customer can
benefit from the product or service on its own or with other readily available resources. The total arrangement consideration is allocated to
each product or service included in the contract with the customer based on its stand-alone selling price. We generally determine stand-
alone selling prices based on the observable prices at which we sell products separately without a service contract and prices for non-
bundled service offers with the same range of services, adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as appropriate. When similar
products and services are not sold separately, we use the expected cost plus margin approach to determine stand-alone selling prices.
Products and services purchased by a customer in excess of those included in the bundled arrangement are accounted for separately.
We may enter into arrangements with subcontractors and others who provide services to our customers. When we act as the principal in
these arrangements, we recognize revenues based on the amounts billed to our customers. Otherwise, we recognize the net amount that
we retain as revenues.
A contract asset is recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position (statements of financial position) when our right to
consideration from the transfer of products or services to a customer is conditional on our obligation to transfer other products or services.
Contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when our right to consideration becomes conditional only as to the passage of time. A
contract liability is recognized in the statements of financial position when we receive consideration in advance of the transfer of products or
services to the customer. Contract assets and liabilities relating to the same contract are presented on a net basis.




11 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales commissions, and prepaid contract fulfillment costs
are included in Contract costs in the statements of financial position, except where the amortization period is one year or less, in which case
costs of obtaining a contract are immediately expensed. Capitalized costs are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the
period and pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.

Bell CTS segment revenues
We recognize product revenues from the sale of equipment when a customer takes possession of the product. We recognize service
revenues over time, as the services are provided. Revenues on certain long-term contracts are recognized using output methods based on
products delivered, performance completed to date, time elapsed or milestones met.
For wireless products and services that are sold separately, customers usually pay in full at the time of sale for products and on a monthly
basis for services. For wireless products and services sold in bundled arrangements, including device financing plans, customers pay
monthly over a contract term of up to 24 months for residential customers and up to 36 months for business customers. If they include a
significant financing component, device financing plan receivables are discounted at market rates and interest revenue is accreted over the
contractual repayment period.
For wireline customers, products are usually paid in full at the time of sale. Services are paid for on a monthly basis except where a billing
schedule has been established with certain business customers under long-term contracts that can generally extend up to seven years.

Bell Media segment revenues
We recognize advertising revenue when advertisements are aired on the radio or TV, posted on our websites or applications or appear on
our advertising panels and street furniture. Revenues relating to subscriber fees are recorded on a monthly basis as the services are
provided. Advertising customer payments and subscriber fees earned from distributors are usually due monthly as the services are
provided. Customer payments for direct-to-consumer subscriber fees are paid in full at the time of the sale.
See Note 3, Segmented information, for additional details.

D) Share-based payments
Our share-based payment arrangements include an employee savings plan (ESP), restricted share units (RSUs) and performance share
units (PSUs), deferred share units (DSUs) and stock options.

ESP
We recognize our ESP contributions as compensation expense in Operating costs in the consolidated income statements (income
statements) over the two-year vesting period, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus. The value of an ESP at the grant date is
equal to the value of one BCE common share. Additional ESPs are issued to reflect dividends declared on the common shares. Upon
settlement of shares under the ESP, any difference between the cost of shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to
contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit.

RSUs/PSUs
For each RSU/PSU granted, we recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the income statements over the three-year vesting
period, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus. The value of a RSU/PSU at the grant date is equal to the value of one BCE
common share or the value estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation for PSUs that include relative total shareholder return as a
performance condition. Additional RSUs/PSUs are issued to reflect dividends declared on the common shares.
Upon settlement of the RSUs/PSUs, any difference between the cost of shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to
contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit. Vested RSUs/PSUs are settled in BCE common shares, DSUs, or a combination thereof.

DSUs
If compensation is elected to be taken in DSUs, we issue DSUs equal to the fair value of the services received, with a corresponding credit
to contributed surplus. Additional DSUs are issued to reflect dividends declared on the common shares. DSUs are settled in BCE common
shares purchased on the open market following the cessation of employment or when a director leaves the board. Upon settlement of the
DSUs, any difference between the cost of shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected
in the deficit.

Stock options
The fair value of options granted is determined using a variation of a binomial option pricing model that takes into account factors specific to
the stock option plan. We recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the income statements over the three-year vesting period,
with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus.




                                                                                                                                             12
When stock options are exercised, we credit share capital for the amount received and the amounts previously credited to contributed
surplus.

E) Income and other taxes
Current and deferred income tax expense is recognized in the income statements, except to the extent that the expense relates to items
recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) or directly in equity.
We use the liability method to account for deferred tax assets and liabilities, which arise from:
•  temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities recognized in the statements of financial position and their
   corresponding tax bases
•  the carryforward of unused tax losses and credits, to the extent they can be used in the future
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the asset or liability is recovered or settled.
Both our current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
reporting date.
Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates, except
where we control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
foreseeable future.
Tax liabilities are, where permitted, offset against tax assets within the same taxable entity and tax jurisdiction.
As required by IFRS Accounting Standards, we do not recognize or disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to
the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, including tax law that implements
qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes described in those rules.

Investment tax credits (ITCs), other tax credits and government grants
We recognize ITCs, other tax credits and government grants given on eligible expenditures when it is reasonably assured that they will be
realized. We use the cost reduction method to account for ITCs and government grants, under which the credits are applied against the
expense or asset to which the ITCs or government grants relate.

F) Cash equivalents and other short-term deposits
Cash equivalents are comprised of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase and
are measured at amortized cost. Short-term deposits with original maturities of more than three months are included in Short-term
investments in the statements of financial position and are measured at amortized cost.

G) Securitization of receivables
Proceeds on the securitization of receivables are recognized as a collateralized borrowing as we do not transfer substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership to another entity.

H) Inventory
We measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Inventory includes all costs to purchase, convert and bring the
inventories to their present location and condition. We determine cost using specific identification for major equipment held for resale and
the weighted average cost formula for all other inventory. We maintain inventory valuation reserves for inventory that is slow-moving or
potentially obsolete, calculated using an inventory aging analysis.

I) Property, plant and equipment
We record property, plant and equipment at cost. Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of
the asset, including the purchase cost and labour.
Borrowing costs are capitalized for qualifying assets if the time to build or develop the asset is in excess of one year, at a rate that is based
on the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt. Gains or losses on the sale or retirement of property, plant and
equipment are recorded in Other expense in the income statements.

Leases
We enter into leases for network infrastructure and equipment, land and buildings in the normal course of business. Lease contracts are
typically made for fixed periods but may include purchase, renewal or termination options. Leases are negotiated on an individual basis and
contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
We adopted IFRS 16 - Leases as of January 1, 2019. Certain finance leases entered into prior to 2019 were initially measured under IAS 17
- Leases, as permitted by the transition provisions of IFRS 16.




13 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
IFRS 16
We assess whether a contract contains a lease at inception of the contract. A lease contract conveys the right to control the use of an
identified asset for a period in exchange for consideration. We recognize lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets for all lease
agreements, except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets, which are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Consideration in a contract is allocated to lease and non-lease components on a relative stand-alone value basis. We generally account for
lease components and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted
using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. We apply a single incremental borrowing
rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:
•    fixed (and in-substance fixed) lease payments, less any lease incentives
•    variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate
•    payments expected under residual value guarantees and payments relating to purchase options and renewal option periods that are
     reasonably certain to be exercised (or periods subject to termination options that are not reasonably certain to be exercised)
Lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Lease liabilities are remeasured, with a
corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets, when there is a change in variable lease payments arising from a change in an
index or rate, or when we change our assessment of whether purchase, renewal or termination options will be exercised.
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost and are comprised of the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liabilities, lease
payments made at or before the commencement date and any initial direct costs. They are subsequently depreciated on a straight-line basis
and reduced by impairment losses, if any. Right-of-use assets may also be adjusted to reflect the remeasurement of related lease liabilities.
If we obtain ownership of the leased asset by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects the exercise of a
purchase option, we depreciate the right-of-use asset from the lease commencement date to the end of the useful life of the underlying
asset. Otherwise, we depreciate the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
underlying asset or the end of the lease term.
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use
assets. The related payments are expensed in operating costs in the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments
occurs.
IAS 17
Prior to 2019, under IAS 17, leases of property, plant and equipment were recognized as finance leases when we obtained substantially all
the risks and rewards of ownership of the underlying assets. At the inception of the lease, we recorded an asset together with a
corresponding long-term lease liability, at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset or the present value of the minimum future lease
payments, excluding non-lease components.

Asset retirement obligations (AROs)
We initially measure and record AROs at management’s best estimate using a present value methodology, adjusted subsequently for any
changes in the timing or amount of cash flows and changes in discount rates. We capitalize asset retirement costs as part of the related
assets and amortize them into earnings over time. We also increase the ARO and record a corresponding amount in interest expense to
reflect the passage of time.

J) Intangible assets
Finite-life intangible assets
Finite-life intangible assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Software
We record internal-use software at cost. Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition or development of the
software, including the purchase cost and labour.
Software development costs are capitalized when all the following conditions are met:
•   technical feasibility can be demonstrated
•   management has the intent and the ability to complete the asset for use or sale
•   it is probable that economic benefits will be generated
•   costs attributable to the asset can be measured reliably




                                                                                                                                             14
Customer relationships
Customer relationship assets are acquired through business acquisitions and are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition.

Program and feature film rights
We account for program and feature film rights as intangible assets when these assets are acquired for the purpose of distribution through
broadcasting, digital media and streaming services. Program and feature film rights, which include producer advances and licence fees paid
in advance of receipt of the program or film, are stated at acquisition cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment
losses, if any. Programs and feature films under licence agreements are recorded as assets for rights acquired and liabilities for obligations
incurred when:
•   we receive a broadcast master and the cost is known or reasonably determinable for new program and feature film licences; or
•   the licence term commences for licence period extensions or syndicated programs
Related liabilities of programs and feature films are classified as current or non-current, based on the payment terms. Amortization of
program and feature film rights is recorded in Operating costs in the income statements.

Indefinite-life intangible assets
Brand assets, mainly comprised of the Bell, Bell Media and Bell MTS brands, and broadcast licences are acquired through business
acquisitions and are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Wireless spectrum licences
are recorded at acquisition cost, including borrowing costs when the time to build or develop the related network is in excess of one year.
Borrowing costs are calculated at a rate that is based on the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt.
Currently, there are no legal, regulatory, competitive or other factors that limit the useful lives of our indefinite-life intangible assets.

K) Depreciation and amortization
We depreciate property, plant and equipment and amortize finite-life intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives. We review our estimates of useful lives on an annual basis and adjust depreciation and amortization on a prospective basis, as
required. Land and assets under construction or development are not depreciated.

                                                                                                                                  Estimated useful life
Property, plant and equipment

  Network infrastructure and equipment
                                                                                                                                           2 to 40 years
  Buildings
                                                                                                                                           5 to 50 years
Finite-life intangible assets

  Software
                                                                                                                                           2 to 12 years
  Customer relationships
                                                                                                                                           2 to 26 years
  Program and feature film rights
                                                                                                                                          Up to 5 years


L) Investments in associates and joint arrangements
Our financial statements incorporate our share of the results of our associates and joint ventures using the equity method of accounting,
except when the investment is classified as held for sale. Equity income from investments is recorded in Other expense in the income
statements.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are recognized initially at cost and adjusted thereafter to include the company’s share of
income or loss and comprehensive income or loss on an after-tax basis.
Investments are reviewed for impairment at each reporting period and we compare their recoverable amount to their carrying amount when
there is an indication of impairment.
We recognize our share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint operations in accordance with the related contractual
agreements.

M) Business acquisitions and goodwill
Business acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business acquisition is measured
at fair value at the date of acquisition. Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred and recorded in Severance, acquisition
and other costs in the income statements.
Identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, of acquired businesses are recorded at their fair values at the date of
acquisition. When we acquire control of a business, any previously-held equity interest is remeasured to fair value




15 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
and any gain or loss on remeasurement is recognized in Other expense in the income statements. The excess of the purchase
consideration and any previously-held equity interest over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as Goodwill in the
statements of financial position. If the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired exceeds the purchase consideration and any previously-
held equity interest, the difference is recognized in Other expense in the income statements immediately as a bargain purchase gain.

N) Impairment of non-financial assets
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or when there is an indication that the asset may be
impaired. Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or changes in circumstances,
assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing,
assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows.
Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their recoverable amount. An asset’s
recoverable amount is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously recognized impairment losses, other
than those attributable to goodwill, are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the asset’s recoverable amount has
increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.

Goodwill impairment testing
We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of our cash-generating units (CGUs) or groups of CGUs to
which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is an indication that goodwill might be impaired.
A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are independent of the cash inflows from other assets or
groups of assets.
We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to its recoverable amount. The
recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Both fair value less
costs of disposal and value in use are based on estimates of discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods. Cash flows are
projected based on past experience, actual operating results and business plans, including any impact from changes in interest rates and
inflation. When the recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is less than its carrying value, the recoverable amount is determined for
its identifiable assets and liabilities. The excess of the recoverable amount of the CGU or group of CGUs over the total of the amounts
assigned to its assets and liabilities is the recoverable amount of goodwill.
An impairment charge is recognized in the income statements for any excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its recoverable amount.
For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or groups of CGUs correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 3,
Segmented information.

O) Financial instruments and contract assets
We measure trade and other receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables, at amortized cost using the effective interest
method, net of any allowance for doubtful accounts.
Our portfolio investments in equity securities are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income and are presented in our
statements of financial position as Other non-current assets. These securities are recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition, including
related transaction costs, and are adjusted to fair value at each reporting date. The corresponding unrealized gains and losses are recorded
in Other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income) and
are reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to the Deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.
Other financial liabilities, which include trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, interest payable and long-term debt, are
recorded at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
We measure the allowance for doubtful accounts and impairment of contract assets based on an expected credit loss (ECL) model, which
takes into account current economic conditions, historical information, and forward-looking information, including interest rates and inflation.
We use the simplified approach for measuring losses based on the lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables and contract assets.
Amounts considered uncollectible are written off and recognized in Operating costs in the income statements.
The cost of issuing debt is included as part of long-term debt and is accounted for at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The
cost of issuing equity is reflected in the consolidated statements of changes in equity as a charge to the deficit.

P) Derivative financial instruments
We use derivative financial instruments principally to manage risks related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency rates and cash
flow exposures related to share-based payment plans, capital expenditures, long-term debt instruments and operating expenses. We do not
use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.




                                                                                                                                             16
Derivatives that mature within one year are included in Other current assets or Trade payables and other liabilities in the statements of
financial position, whereas derivatives that have a maturity of more than one year are included in Other non-current assets or Other non-
current liabilities.

Hedge accounting
Fair value hedges
We use cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk on certain U.S. dollar long-term debt. We use
interest rate swaps, including forward starting interest rate swaps, to manage the interest rate risk on certain long-term debt. Changes in the
fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except
for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship.
Cash flow hedges
We use foreign currency forward contracts and options to manage foreign currency risk relating to anticipated purchases denominated in
foreign currencies. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any
ineffective portion of the hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other expense in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in
accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified to the income statements or to the initial cost of the related non-financial asset in the
same periods as the corresponding hedged transactions are recognized.
We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage foreign currency risk relating to our U.S. dollar debt under our commercial paper
program and securitization of receivables program. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Other expense in the
income statements and offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt, except for any portion of the hedging
relationship which is ineffective.
We use cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk related to certain U.S. dollar long-term debt.
We also use interest rate swaps, including forward starting interest rate swaps, to manage the interest rate risk related to certain Canadian
dollar long-term debt. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for
amounts recorded in Other expense in the income statements to offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and
any portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective.
We use forward starting interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk related to certain future debt issuances. Changes in the fair value of
these derivatives are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship,
which is recognized in Other expense in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss are
reclassified to Interest expense in the income statements over the term of the related debt, once issued.

Derivatives used as economic hedges
We use derivatives to manage cash flow exposures related to our equity settled share-based payment plans and anticipated purchases in
foreign currencies, interest rate risk related to preferred share dividend rate resets and interest rate risk related to existing and anticipated
debt issuances. As these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, the changes in their fair value are recorded in the income
statements in Other expense.

Q) Post-employment benefit plans
Defined benefit (DB) and other post-employment benefit (OPEB) plans
We maintain DB pension plans that provide pension benefits for certain employees and retirees. Benefits are based on the employee’s
length of service and average rate of pay during the highest paid consecutive five years of service. Most employees are not required to
contribute to the plans. Certain plans provide cost of living adjustments to help protect the income of retired employees against inflation.
We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various actuarial cost methods
permitted by pension regulatory bodies. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions about future investment returns, salary projections,
future service and life expectancy.
We provide OPEBs to some of our employees, including:
•  health care and life insurance benefits during retirement, which have been phased out for new retirees since December 31, 2016. Most
   of these OPEB plans are unfunded and benefits are paid when incurred.
•  other benefits, including workers’ compensation and medical benefits to former or inactive employees, their beneficiaries and
   dependants, from the time their employment ends until their retirement starts, under certain circumstances




17 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
We accrue our obligations and related costs under post-employment benefit plans, net of the fair value of the benefit plan assets. Pension
and OPEB costs are determined using:
•   the projected unit credit method, prorated on years of service, which takes into account future pay levels
•   a discount rate based on market interest rates of high-quality corporate fixed income investments with maturities that match the timing
    of benefits expected to be paid under the plans
•   management’s best estimate of pay increases, retirement ages of employees, expected healthcare costs and life expectancy
We value post-employment benefit plan assets at fair value using current market values.
Post-employment benefit plans current service cost is included in Operating costs in the income statements. Interest on our post-
employment benefit plan assets and obligations is recognized in Finance costs in the income statements and represents the accretion of
interest on the assets and obligations under our post-employment benefit plans. The interest rate is based on market conditions that existed
at the beginning of the year. Actuarial gains and losses for all post-employment benefit plans are recorded in Other comprehensive income
(loss) in the statements of comprehensive income in the period in which they occur and are recognized immediately in the deficit.
December 31 is the measurement date for our significant post-employment benefit plans. Our actuaries perform a valuation based on
management's assumptions at least every three years to determine the actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plans and OPEB
obligations. The most recent actuarial valuation of our significant pension plans was as at December 31, 2023.

Defined contribution (DC) pension plans
We maintain DC pension plans that provide certain employees with benefits. Under these plans, we are responsible for contributing a
predetermined amount to an employee’s retirement savings, based on a percentage of the employee’s salary.
We recognize a post-employment benefit plans service cost for DC pension plans when the employee provides service to the company,
essentially coinciding with our cash contributions.
When eligible, new employees can only participate in the DC pension plans.

R) Provisions
Provisions are recognized when all the following conditions are met:
•   the company has a present legal or constructive obligation based on past events
•   it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation
•   the amount can be reasonably estimated
Provisions are measured at the present value of the estimated expenditures expected to settle the obligation, if the effect of the time value
of money is material. The present value is determined using current market assessments of the discount rate and risks specific to the
obligation. The obligation increases as a result of the passage of time, resulting in interest expense which is recognized in Finance costs in
the income statements.

S) Estimates and key judgments
When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and judgments relating to:
•  reported amounts of revenues and expenses
•  reported amounts of assets and liabilities
•  disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to historical experience, current events, economic and financial
market conditions such as interest rates, inflation and the risk of recession, geopolitical events and supply chain disruptions, and actions
that the company may undertake in the future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. A
change in these assumptions may have an impact on our financial statements including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value
determination, expected credit losses and discount rates used for the present value of cash flows. By their nature, these estimates and
judgments are subject to measurement uncertainty and actual results could differ. Our more significant estimates and judgments are
described below.

Estimates
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets represent a significant proportion of our total assets. Changes in technology or
our intended use of these assets, climate change and our environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) initiatives as well as
changes in business prospects or economic and industry factors, may cause the estimated useful lives of these assets to change.




                                                                                                                                             18
Post-employment benefit plans
The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and OPEBs are determined using actuarial calculations that
are based on several assumptions.
The actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of
compensation increase, cost of living indexation rate, trends in healthcare costs and expected average remaining years of service of
employees.
The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit plans cost are the discount rate and life expectancy.
The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments, with maturities matching the
estimated cash flows of the post-employment benefit plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available Canadian mortality tables and is
adjusted for the company’s specific experience.

Revenue from contracts with customers
We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from contracts with customers, including estimating the stand-alone
selling prices of products and services.

Impairment of non-financial assets
We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods to
test for impairment. These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the number of years used in the cash flow
model and the discount rate.

Deferred taxes
The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration given to the timing, sources and amounts of future
taxable income.

Leases
The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities, including
determining the appropriate discount rate used to measure lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the
lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the rate implicit in the
lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is derived from publicly available risk-free interest rates, adjusted for
applicable credit spreads and lease terms. We apply a single incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.

Fair value of financial instruments
Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings,
are carried in the statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in the income statements and the
statements of comprehensive income. Fair values are estimated by reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation
techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data, such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples.
Contingencies
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other
relief. Pending claims and legal proceedings represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing
potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement strategies, based on information that is available at the time.

Onerous contracts
A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of meeting our obligations under a contract exceed the
expected benefits to be received under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
terminating the contract and the expected net cost of completing the contract.

Judgments
Post-employment benefit plans
The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit obligations requires judgment. The rate is set by
reference to market yields of long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of each fiscal year. Significant
judgment is required when setting the criteria for fixed income investments to be included in the population from which the yield curve is
derived. The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the size of the issue and credit quality, along with
the identification of outliers, which are excluded.




19 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Income taxes
The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations. There are transactions and calculations for
which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of which could change the amount of
current and deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities to be recognized. In particular, judgment is
required when assessing the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax rates are applied.

Leases
The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities. A lease contract
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. At inception of the contract, we
assess whether the contract contains an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from
use of the asset and whether we have the right to direct how and for what purpose the asset is used. In determining the lease term, we
include periods covered by renewal options when we are reasonably certain to exercise those options. Similarly, we include periods covered
by termination options when we are reasonably certain not to exercise those options. To assess if we are reasonably certain to exercise an
option, we consider all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise renewal options (or not exercise termination
options). Economic incentives include the costs related to the termination of the lease, the significance of any leasehold improvements and
the importance of the underlying assets to our operations.
Revenue from contracts with customers
The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations under long-term
contracts requires judgment. Additionally, the determination of costs to obtain a contract, including the identification of incremental costs,
also requires judgment.

CGUs
The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing requires judgment.

Contingencies
The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal proceedings and whether an outflow of resources is likely requires
judgment.

T) Future changes to accounting standards
The following accounting standard and amendments to accounting standards issued by the IASB have not yet been adopted by BCE.

Standard                  Description                                                                   Impact                    Effective date
IFRS 18 – Presentation    Sets out requirements and guidance on presentation and disclosure in          We are currently          Annual reporting periods
and Disclosure in         financial statements, including:                                              assessing the impact of   beginning on or after
Financial Statements      •    presentation in the income statements of income and expenses within this standard.                 January 1, 2027. Early
                               defined categories - operating, investing, financing, income taxes and                             application is permitted.
                               discontinued operations
                          •    presentation in the income statements of new defined subtotals -
                               operating profit and profit before financing and income taxes
                          •    disclosure of explanations of management-defined performance
                               measures that are related to the income statements
                          •    enhanced guidance on aggregation and disaggregation of information
                               and whether to provide information in the financial statements or in the
                               notes
                          •    disclosure of specified expenses by nature
                          IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 - Presentation of Financial Statements but carries
                          forward many of the requirements from IAS 1 unchanged.
Amendments to the         In particular, the amendments clarify:                                       We are currently           Annual reporting periods
Classification and        •     the classification of financial assets with ESG and similar features   assessing the impact of    beginning on or after
Measurement of            •     the derecognition date for financial liabilities and introduce an      these amendments.          January 1, 2026. Early
Financial Instruments –         accounting policy option for financial liabilities settled using an                               application is permitted.
Amendments to IFRS 9            electronic payment system if certain conditions are met
and IFRS 7                The amendments also require additional disclosures for financial
                          instruments with contractual terms that reference a contingent event and
                          equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive
                          income.




                                                                                                                                                          20
Note 3 Segmented information
The accounting policies used in our segment reporting are the same as those we describe in Note 2, Material accounting policies. Our
segments reflect how we manage our business and how we classify our operations for planning and measuring performance. Accordingly,
we operate and manage our segments as strategic business units organized by products and services. Segments negotiate sales with each
other as if they were unrelated parties.
We measure the performance of each segment based on adjusted EBITDA, which is equal to operating revenues less operating costs for
the segment. Substantially all of our severance, acquisition and other costs, depreciation and amortization, finance costs and other
(expense) income are managed on a corporate basis and, accordingly, are not reflected in segment results.
Substantially all of our operations and assets are located in Canada.
Our Bell CTS segment provides a wide range of communication products and services to consumer, business and government customers
across Canada. Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans, streaming services, and devices and are available
nationally. Wireline products and services comprise data (including Internet access, Internet protocol television (IPTV), cloud-based services
and business solutions), voice, and other communication services and products, which are available to our residential, small and medium-
sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service
and connectivity to business customers are available nationally across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business,
which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers as well as the results of
operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. (The Source). In 2024, Bell Canada announced a
strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 167 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in Canada, which have been
rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive telecommunications
services from Bell. In addition in 2024, Bell wound down The Source head office and back office operations, as well as closed 107 The
Source stores.
Our Bell Media segment provides a portfolio of assets in premium video, audio, OOH advertising, and digital media to customers nationally
across Canada.

Segmented information
                                                                                                                             Inter-segment
For the year ended December 31, 2024                                                 Note     Bell CTS      Bell Media         eliminations            BCE
Operating revenues
  External service revenues                                                                     18,256           2,817                   —          21,073
  Inter-segment service revenues                                                                    27             334                 (361)            —
Operating service revenues                                                                      18,283           3,151                 (361)        21,073
External/Operating product revenues                                                              3,336              —                    —           3,336
  Total external revenues                                                                       21,592           2,817                   —          24,409
  Total inter-segment revenues                                                                      27             334                 (361)            —
Total operating revenues                                                                        21,619           3,151                 (361)        24,409
Operating costs                                                                         5      (11,788)         (2,393)                 361        (13,820)
Adjusted EBITDA (1)                                                                              9,831             758                   —          10,589
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                  6                                                             (454)
Depreciation and amortization                                                  17,     19                                                           (5,041)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                     7                                                            (1,713)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                         27                                                                66
Impairment of assets                                                                    8                                                            (2,190)
Other expense                                                                           9                                                              (305)
Income taxes                                                                           10                                                              (577)
Net earnings                                                                                                                                           375
Goodwill                                                                               22        8,266           1,995                   —          10,261
Indefinite-life intangible assets                                                      19        8,611           1,131                   —           9,742
Capital expenditures                                                                             3,746             151                   —           3,897
(1) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating
    costs.




21 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                                                                             Inter-segment
For the year ended December 31, 2023                                                 Note     Bell CTS      Bell Media         eliminations            BCE
Operating revenues
  External service revenues                                                                     18,378           2,776                   —          21,154
  Inter-segment service revenues                                                                    29             341                 (370)            —
Operating service revenues                                                                      18,407           3,117                 (370)        21,154
External/Operating product revenues                                                              3,519              —                    —           3,519
   Total external revenues                                                                      21,897           2,776                   —          24,673
   Total inter-segment revenues                                                                     29             341                 (370)            —
Total operating revenues                                                                        21,926           3,117                 (370)        24,673
Operating costs                                                                        5       (12,206)         (2,420)                 370        (14,256)
Adjusted EBITDA (1)                                                                              9,720             697                   —          10,417
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                  6                                                             (200)
Depreciation and amortization                                                  17,     19                                                           (4,918)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                     7                                                           (1,475)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                         27                                                              108
Impairment of assets                                                                    8                                                             (143)
Other expense                                                                           9                                                             (466)
Income taxes                                                                           10                                                             (996)
Net earnings                                                                                                                                         2,327
Goodwill                                                                               22        8,099           2,843                   —          10,942
Indefinite-life intangible assets                                                      19        8,052           1,763                   —           9,815
Capital expenditures                                                                             4,421             160                   —           4,581
(1) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating
    costs.

Revenues by services and products
The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by type of services and products.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                         2024            2023
Services(1)
 Wireless voice and data                                                                                                             7,136            7,120
 Wireline data                                                                                                                       8,117            8,084
 Wireline voice                                                                                                                      2,672            2,862
 Media(2)                                                                                                                            2,830            2,776
 Other wireline services                                                                                                               318              312
Total services                                                                                                                      21,073          21,154
Products(3)
  Wireless                                                                                                                           2,715            2,885
  Wireline                                                                                                                             621              634
Total products                                                                                                                       3,336           3,519
Total operating revenues                                                                                                            24,409          24,673
(1) Our service revenues are generally recognized over time.
(2) Includes Crave direct-to-consumer revenues.
(3) Our product revenues are generally recognized at a point in time.




                                                                                                                                                          22
Note 4 Business acquisitions and dispositions
2024
Acquisition of OUTFRONT Media’s Canadian out-of-home media business
On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.’s Canadian out-of-home media business, OUTEDGE
Media Canada (OUTEDGE), for cash consideration of $429 million ($418 million net of cash acquired). The acquisition of OUTEDGE is
expected to support Bell Media’s digital media strategy and to deliver multi-channel marketing solutions across Canada. The results of
OUTEDGE are included in our Bell Media segment.
Pursuant to a consent agreement negotiated with the Competition Bureau, Bell Media must dispose of 669 advertising displays in Québec
and Ontario. On October 4, 2024, we entered into an agreement to dispose of these advertising displays for estimated proceeds of
$14 million, subject to adjustments. Completion of the sale is expected in the first quarter of 2025, subject to receipt of the Competition
Bureau’s approval and other customary closing conditions.
The allocation of the purchase price of OUTEDGE includes provisional estimates, in particular for finite-life intangible assets.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of assets and
liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                                   2024
Cash consideration paid                                                                                                                                            429
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                         429
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                                   40
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                                 6
      Assets held for sale                                                                                                                                          11
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                263
      Finite-life intangible assets                                                                                                                                 17
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                                                      34
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                         (12)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                          (1)
      Debt due within one year                                                                                                                                     (20)
      Liabilities held for sale                                                                                                                                    (10)
      Long-term debt                                                                                                                                              (100)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                     (87)
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                                                 (7)
                                                                                                                                                                   134
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                           11
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                                  145
Goodwill (1)                                                                                                                                                       284
(1)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell Media group of
      CGUs.

Operating revenues of $65 million from OUTEDGE are included in the income statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, from the
date of acquisition. BCE’s operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 would have been $24,457 million had the acquisition
of OUTEDGE occurred on January 1, 2024. This proforma amount reflects the elimination of intercompany transactions and the purchase
price allocation. The transaction did not have a significant impact on our net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the impact
on our net earnings would not have been significant had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2024.




23 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Acquisition of Stratejm
On July 2, 2024, Bell Canada acquired Stratejm Inc. (Stratejm) for cash consideration of $78 million ($73 million net of cash acquired) and
$11 million of estimated additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. This contingent
consideration is expected to be settled by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is $20 million. Contingent consideration is estimated to
be $11 million at December 31, 2024. Stratejm leverages artificial intelligence through end-to-end Security-as-a-Service solutions, real-time
threat detection and response, and streamlining incident management processes. The results of Stratejm are included in our Bell CTS
segment.
The allocation of the purchase price of Stratejm includes provisional estimates.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of assets and
liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                             2024
Cash consideration paid                                                                                                                                       78
Contingent consideration                                                                                                                                      11
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                     89
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                               5
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                            2
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                                                  1
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                     (3)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                     (7)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                 (1)
                                                                                                                                                               (3)
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                       5
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                               2
Goodwill (1)                                                                                                                                                   87
(1)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell CTS group of
      CGUs.

Operating revenues of $10 million from Stratejm are included in the income statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, from the
date of acquisition. BCE’s operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 would have been $24,421 million had the acquisition
of Stratejm occurred on January 1, 2024. This proforma amount reflects the elimination of intercompany transactions and the purchase price
allocation. The transaction did not have a significant impact on our net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the impact on
our net earnings would not have been significant had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2024.

Proposed acquisition of Ziply Fiber
On November 4, 2024, BCE announced that Bell Canada had entered into an agreement to acquire Northwest Fiber Holdco LLP (doing
business as Ziply Fiber), the leading fibre Internet provider in the Pacific Northwest of the United States, for approximately $3.65 billion in
U.S. dollars (approximately $5 billion in Canadian dollars) in cash and the assumption of outstanding net debt of approximately $1.45 billion
in U.S. dollars (approximately $2 billion in Canadian dollars) to be rolled over at transaction close, representing a transaction value of
approximately $5.1 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $7 billion in Canadian dollars). The transaction is subject to certain customary
closing conditions and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including the Federal Communications Commission, and approvals by
state Public Utilities Commissions and, as such, there can be no assurance that the transaction will ultimately be consummated. The
proposed acquisition is expected to close in the second half of 2025. This transaction will enhance Bell Canada's growth profile and
strategic position by giving it a foothold in the large, underpenetrated United States fibre market, while increasing its scale, diversifying its
operating footprint and unlocking significant growth opportunities.

Proposed disposition of Northwestel
On June 10, 2024, Bell Canada entered into an agreement with Sixty North Unity, a consortium of Indigenous communities from the Yukon,
the Northwest Territories and Nunavut, to dispose of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel), the largest telecommunications provider in Canada’s
North, for up to $1 billion, subject to adjustments. The transaction is expected to close in 2025 subject to certain closing conditions, including
securing financing by Sixty North Unity, the completion of confirmatory due diligence, and receipt of the Competition Bureau's approval and,
as such, there can be no assurance that the transaction will ultimately be consummated. The results of Northwestel are included in our Bell
CTS segment. In Q4 2024, we received approval from the Competition Bureau.




                                                                                                                                                                24
2023
Acquisition of FX Innovation
On June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-focused managed and professional services and
workflow automation solutions for business clients, for cash consideration of $157 million ($156 million net of cash acquired), of which
$12 million is payable within two years, and an estimated $6 million of additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of
certain performance objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be settled by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is
$7 million. Contingent consideration is estimated to be $2 million at December 31, 2024. The acquisition of FX Innovation aims to position
Bell as a technology services leader for our enterprise customers. The results of FX Innovation are included in our Bell CTS segment.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of assets and
liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                             2023
Cash consideration paid                                                                                                                                      145
Cash consideration payable                                                                                                                                     12
Contingent consideration                                                                                                                                        6
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                   163
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                              23
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                            4
      Indefinite-life intangible assets (1)                                                                                                                    29
      Finite-life intangible assets (2)                                                                                                                        23
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                                                  4
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                    (15)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                     (3)
      Debt due within one year                                                                                                                                 (5)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                (13)
                                                                                                                                                               47
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                       1
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                              48
Goodwill (3)                                                                                                                                                  115
(1)   Consists of brand assets.
(2)   Consists mainly of customer relationship assets and software.
(3)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell CTS group of
      CGUs.

Operating revenues of $50 million from FX Innovation are included in the income statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, from
the date of acquisition. BCE’s operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 would have been $24,715 million had the
acquisition of FX Innovation occurred on January 1, 2023. This proforma amount reflects the elimination of intercompany transactions and
the purchase price allocation. The transaction did not have a significant impact on our net earnings for 2023 and the impact on our net
earnings would not have been significant had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2023.




25 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Disposition of production studios
On May 3, 2023, we completed the sale of our 63% ownership in certain production studios, which were included in our Bell Media segment.
We received net cash proceeds of $211 million and recorded a gain on investment of $79 million (before tax expense of $17 million). See
Note 9, Other expense, for additional details.
The results of operations of the production studios up to the date of disposition on May 3, 2023 did not have a significant impact on our
revenue or net earnings for 2023.
The following table summarizes the carrying value of the assets and liabilities sold:

                                                                                                                                    2023
   Trade and other receivables                                                                                                        1
   Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                   1
   Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                    179
   Intangible assets                                                                                                                  4
   Goodwill                                                                                                                          76
Total assets                                                                                                                        261
   Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                              10
   Contract liabilities                                                                                                               3
   Debt due within one year                                                                                                          11
   Long-term debt                                                                                                                    82
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                           3
Total liabilities                                                                                                                   109
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                             23
Net assets sold                                                                                                                     129




                                                                                                                                      26
Note 5 Operating costs
For the year ended December 31                                                                                              Note            2024             2023
Labour costs
   Wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits                                                                                         (4,134)         (4,354)
   Post-employment benefit plans service cost (net of capitalized amounts)                                                    27            (208)           (206)
   Other labour costs(1)                                                                                                                    (987)         (1,063)
Less:
   Capitalized labour                                                                                                                      1,130           1,217
Total labour costs                                                                                                                        (4,199)         (4,406)
Cost of revenues(2)                                                                                                                       (7,705)         (7,926)
Other operating costs (3)                                                                                                                 (1,916)         (1,924)
Total operating costs                                                                                                                    (13,820)        (14,256)
(1) Other labour costs include contractor and outsourcing costs.
(2) Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(3) Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, information technology costs,
    professional service fees and rent.

Research and development expenses of $66 million and $90 million are included in operating costs for 2024 and 2023, respectively.



Note 6 Severance, acquisition and other costs
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                              2024             2023
Severance                                                                                                                                   (383)           (134)
Acquisition and other                                                                                                                        (71)            (66)
Total severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                                (454)           (200)


Severance costs
Severance costs consist of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations.

Acquisition and other costs
Acquisition and other costs consist of transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed or potential
acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired companies into our
operations, costs relating to litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other costs.




Note 7 Interest expense
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                             2024            2023
Interest expense on long-term debt                                                                                                      (1,623)          (1,391)
Interest expense on other debt                                                                                                            (233)            (219)
Capitalized interest                                                                                                                       143              135
Total interest expense                                                                                                                  (1,713)          (1,475)

Included in interest expense on long-term debt is interest on lease liabilities of $218 million and $193 million for 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Capitalized interest was calculated using an average rate of 4.50% and 4.31% for 2024 and 2023, respectively, which represents the
weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt.




27 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 8 Impairment of assets
2024
During the third quarter of 2024, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell Media TV services and radio markets, due to a further
decline in advertising demand and spending in the linear advertising market. Accordingly, impairment testing was required for certain groups
of CGUs as well as for goodwill for the Bell Media group of CGUs.

We recognized $958 million of impairment charges for English and French TV services and radio markets within our Bell Media segment.
These charges included $627 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences and brands, $144 million allocated to
program and feature film rights, $85 million allocated to property, plant and equipment for network and infrastructure and equipment,
$85 million allocated to software, $10 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets mainly for trademarks, and $7 million allocated to
prepaid expenses. The impairment was determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal. We
estimated the fair value of the CGUs using both discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash
flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of September 1, 2024 to December 31, 2029,
using discount rates of 9% to 11% and perpetuity growth rates of (2%) to 0%, as well as market multiple data from public companies and
market transactions. After impairments, the carrying value of the impacted CGUs was $811 million.

In Q3 2024, we recorded $1,132 million of impairment charges for goodwill. See Note 22, Goodwill, for further details.
Additionally in 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $100 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we
ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.

2023
During the fourth quarter of 2023, we recognized $86 million of impairment charges for French TV channels within our Bell Media segment.
The impairment charges were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from economic uncertainties and
unfavourable impacts to market-based valuation assumptions. These charges included $41 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible
assets for broadcast licences and brands, and $45 million to finite-life intangible assets for program and feature film rights. The impairment
was determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the
CGUs using both discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash flow projections derived from
business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of October 1, 2023 to December 31, 2028, using a discount rate of 9.5% and
a perpetuity growth rate of 0.0%. After impairments, the carrying value of our impacted CGU was $62 million.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill. See Note 22, Goodwill, for further details.
Additionally in 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $57 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we ceased
using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.




                                                                                                                                            28
Note 9 Other expense
For the year ended December 31                                                                             Note          2024           2023
Net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
   compensation plans                                                                                        29          (269)         (103)
Equity (losses) income from investments in associates and joint ventures                                     20
    Loss on investment                                                                                                   (247)         (581)
    Operations                                                                                                             10            28
(Losses) gains on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                        (38)           11
Interest income                                                                                                           123            67
Gains on investments                                                                                                       57            80
Early debt redemption costs                                                                                  25            —             (1)
Other                                                                                                                      59            33
Total other expense                                                                                                      (305)         (466)


Equity (losses) income from investments in associates and joint ventures
We recorded a loss on investment of $247 million and $581 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to equity losses on our share of
an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE). See Note 16, Assets and
liabilities held for sale, for additional details.

Gains on investments
In 2024, we recorded a gain on investment of $69 million related to an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of
our subsidiaries.
In 2023, we completed the sale of our 63% ownership in certain production studios. We recorded net cash proceeds of $211 million and a
gain on investment of $79 million. See Note 4, Business acquisitions and dispositions, for additional details.

(Losses) gains on disposals of property, plant and equipment
In 2023, in addition to losses recorded on retirements of property, plant and equipment, we sold land for total proceeds of $54 million and
recorded a gain of $53 million as part of our real estate optimization strategy.




Note 10 Income taxes
The following table shows the significant components of income taxes deducted from net earnings.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                           2024          2023
Current taxes
    Current taxes                                                                                                        (494)         (923)
    Uncertain tax positions                                                                                                 4             8
    Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                            8             9
Deferred taxes
    Deferred taxes relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                                     (120)          (75)
    Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                           (7)            1
    Recognition and utilization of loss carryforwards                                                                      29           (24)
    Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                                    3            —
    Uncertain tax positions                                                                                                —              8
Total income taxes                                                                                                       (577)         (996)




29 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with income taxes calculated at a statutory
income tax rate of 26.8% for both 2024 and 2023.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                              2024          2023
Net earnings                                                                                                               375          2,327
Add back income taxes                                                                                                      577            996
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                               952          3,323
Applicable statutory tax rate                                                                                             26.8 %         26.8 %
Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                                                                       (255)          (891)
Non-taxable portion of gains on investments                                                                                 18              5
Uncertain tax positions                                                                                                      4             16
Impairment of goodwill                                                                                                    (303)            —
Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                                 1             10
Non-taxable portion of equity losses                                                                                       (66)          (149)
Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                                         3             —
Other                                                                                                                       21             13
Total income taxes                                                                                                        (577)         (996)
Average effective tax rate                                                                                                60.6 %        30.0 %

The following table shows aggregate current and deferred taxes relating to items recognized outside the income statements.

For the year ended December 31                                                   2024                                      2023
                                                                               Other                                     Other
                                                                    comprehensive                             comprehensive
                                                                      (loss)/income              Deficit        (loss)/income            Deficit
Current taxes                                                                   —                       —                 (2)                 1
Deferred taxes                                                                (128)                    (26)              199                 (8)
Total income taxes (expense) recovery                                         (128)                    (26)              197                 (7)

The following table shows deferred taxes resulting from temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
recognized in the statements of financial position and their corresponding tax basis, as well as tax loss carryforwards.

                                                                                                     Property, plant
                                                                                                     and equipment
                                                       Non-capital              Post- Indefinite-life and finite-life
                                                        loss carry-     employment       intangible       intangible
Net deferred tax liability                                forwards      benefit plans        assets           assets           Other      Total
January 1, 2023                                                60               (602)       (1,767)          (2,745)            185     (4,869)
Income statements                                              (23)               10            (35)             (36)             (6)      (90)
Business acquisitions/business dispositions                     (1)               —             (10)              (4)             (3)      (18)
Other comprehensive income                                      —                149             —                —               50       199
Deficit                                                         —                 —              —                —               (8)       (8)
Reclassified to liabilities held for sale                       —                 —               7               (1)             —          6
Other                                                           —                 —              —                 5               2         7
December 31, 2023                                              36               (443)        (1,805)          (2,781)            220    (4,773)
Income statements                                              31                 25            148             (315)             16       (95)
Business acquisitions                                          —                  (3)            (5)             (84)             (2)      (94)
Other comprehensive (loss) income                              —                (213)            —                —               85      (128)
Deficit                                                        —                  —              —                —              (26)      (26)
Other                                                           6                 —              —                 2              —          8
December 31, 2024                                              73               (634)        (1,662)          (3,178)            293    (5,108)




                                                                                                                                                30
At December 31, 2024, BCE had $281 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:
•   recognized a deferred tax asset of $73 million for $277 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital loss
    carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2036 to 2044.
•   did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $4 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in varying annual amounts
    from 2036 to 2044.
At December 31, 2024, BCE had $55 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward indefinitely.
At December 31, 2023, BCE had $156 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:
•   recognized a deferred tax asset of $36 million for $143 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital loss
    carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2028 to 2043.
•   did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $13 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in varying annual amounts
    from 2031 to 2043.
At December 31, 2023, BCE had $55 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward indefinitely.




Note 11 Earnings per share
The following table shows the components used in the calculation of basic and diluted net earnings per common share for earnings
attributable to common shareholders.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                2024             2023
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders - basic                                                                                      163             2,076
Dividends declared per common share (in dollars)                                                                                              3.99             3.87
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (in millions)
    Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic                                                                             912.3            912.2
    Assumed exercise of stock options(1)                                                                                                        —                —
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in millions)                                                                 912.3            912.2
(1) The calculation of the assumed exercise of stock options includes the effect of the average unrecognized future compensation cost of dilutive options. It excludes
    options for which the exercise price is higher than the average market value of a BCE common share. The number of excluded options was 6,545,819 in 2024 and
    6,395,513 in 2023.




Note 12 Trade and other receivables
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                Note             2024             2023
Trade receivables (1)                                                                                                                        4,305            3,959
Allowance for revenue adjustments                                                                                                             (191)            (145)
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                                                 29            (120)            (118)
Current tax receivable                                                                                                                         112               12
Commodity taxes receivable                                                                                                                       7               12
Other accounts receivable                                                                                                                      376              311
Total trade and other receivables                                                                                                            4,489            4,031
(1) The details of securitized receivables are set out in Note 24, Debt due within one year.




31 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Wireless device financing plan receivables
Wireless device financing plan receivables represent amounts owed to us under financing agreements that have not yet been billed. The
billed portion of these balances is included in Trade receivables within the Trade and other receivables line item on our statements of
financial position and the long-term portion is included within the Other non-current assets line item on our statements of financial position.
The following table summarizes our wireless device financing plan receivables.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                               Note            2024             2023
Current                                                                                                                                     1,063            1,052
Non-current                                                                                                                      21           410              401
Total wireless device financing plan receivables (1)                                                                                        1,473            1,453
(1)     Excludes allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for revenue adjustments on the current portion of $45 million at December 31, 2024 and December 31,
      2023, and allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for revenue adjustments on the non-current portion of $12 million and $15 million at December 31, 2024
      and December 31, 2023, respectively.




Note 13 Inventory
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                               2024             2023
Wireless devices and accessories                                                                                                             239              190
Merchandise and other                                                                                                                        181              275
Total inventory                                                                                                                              420              465

The total amount of inventory subsequently recognized as an expense in cost of revenues was $3,133 million and $3,334 million for 2024
and 2023, respectively.




Note 14 Contract assets and liabilities
The table below provides a reconciliation of the significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances.

                                                                                                           Contract assets (1)          Contract liabilities (2)
For the year ended December 31                                                                  Note            2024           2023           2024           2023
Opening balance, January 1                                                                                      735            724           1,088          1,085
Revenue recognized included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the
   year                                                                                                           —               —           (834)          (812)
Revenue recognized from contract liabilities included in contract assets at the
   beginning of the year                                                                                        102              84             —              —
Increase in contract liabilities during the year                                                                 —               —             895            863
Increase in contract liabilities included in contract assets during the year                                   (108)            (88)            —              —
Increase in contract assets from revenue recognized during the year                                             789             713             —              —
Contract assets transferred to trade receivables                                                               (635)           (613)            20              8
Acquisitions                                                                                        4             1              —              13             —
Contract terminations transferred to trade receivables                                                          (62)            (60)             2             (1)
Other                                                                                                           (63)            (25)           (60)           (55)
Ending balance, December 31                                                                                     759              735         1,124          1,088
(1) Net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $18 million at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional
     details.
(2) We have reclassified amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation for the current period.




                                                                                                                                                                   32
Note 15 Contract costs
The table below provides a reconciliation of the contract costs balance.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                  2024           2023
Opening balance, January 1                                                                                                    1,412          1,143
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract and contract fulfillment costs                                                        969            892
Amortization included in operating costs                                                                                       (791)          (623)
Ending balance, December 31                                                                                                   1,590          1,412

Contract costs are amortized over periods ranging from 12 to 84 months.




Note 16 Assets and liabilities held for sale
On February 8, 2024, Bell Media announced the sale of 45 radio stations within the Bell Media segment. Completion of the sale is expected
in the first half of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other closing conditions. Estimated proceeds for the stations and other radio
related assets being sold are expected to be $54 million, resulting in an estimated gain of $9 million to be recorded in other income
(expense) upon completion of the sale.
The assets and liabilities of these radio stations were presented as held for sale in our statements of financial position at December 31,
2024 and December 31, 2023. They were measured at the lower of their carrying amount and the estimated fair value less costs to sell.
Property, plant and equipment and leased assets included in assets held for sale were no longer depreciated or amortized effective
December 2023.
Our results for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 included revenues for these radio stations of $35 million and $39 million and
are recorded in the Bell Media segment. The transaction did not have a significant impact on our net earnings for 2024 and 2023.
On June 7, 2024, Bell Media completed the acquisition of OUTEDGE. Pursuant to a consent agreement negotiated with the Competition
Bureau, Bell Media must dispose of 669 advertising displays in Québec and Ontario. On October 4, 2024, we entered into an agreement to
dispose of these advertising displays for estimated proceeds of $14 million, subject to adjustments. Completion of the sale is expected in the
first quarter of 2025, subject to receipt of the Competition Bureau’s approval and other customary closing conditions.
On September 18, 2024, BCE announced that it had reached an agreement to dispose of its minority stake in MLSE for estimated gross
proceeds of $4.7 billion. Completion of this disposition is expected mid-2025, subject to relevant sports league and other customary
approvals, and will result in an estimated gain of $5.2 billion.
Included in liabilities held for sale in our statements of financial position at December 31, 2024 is a net liability of $493 million which reflects
BCE's share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in MLSE. BCE no longer records equity income or losses from
the investment or any changes to the fair value of the obligation to repurchase the minority interest in MLSE.
Our results for the year ended December 31, 2024 included equity income of $6 million, recorded in Other expense in the income
statements. Our results for the year ended December 31, 2023 included equity income of $25 million, recorded in Other expense in the
income statements.




33 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
The following table summarizes the carrying value of the assets and liabilities that are classified as held for sale at December 31, 2024 and
December 31, 2023.

                                                                                                            Note         2024           2023
Assets held for sale:
Bell Media radio stations
   Property, plant and equipment                                                                             17            12            12
   Intangible assets                                                                                         19            26            26
   Goodwill                                                                                                  22            17            22
OUTEDGE advertising displays
   Property, plant and equipment                                                                       4,    17            22            —
   Intangible assets                                                                                   4,    19             3            —
Total assets held for sale                                                                                                 80            60
Liabilities held for sale:
Minority stake in MLSE                                                                                                    493            —
Bell Media radio stations
   Long-term debt                                                                                                           7             7
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 6             6
   Other non-current liabilities                                                                                            2             2
OUTEDGE advertising displays
   Debt due within one year                                                                                                 3            —
   Long-term debt                                                                                                          18            —
Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                           529            15
Net assets held for sale                                                                                                 (449)           45




                                                                                                                                          34
Note 17 Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                          Network infrastructure     Land and      Assets under
For the year ended December 31, 2024                                      Note                and equipment (1)    buildings (1)   construction      Total
Cost
January 1, 2024                                                                                         74,676           9,805            2,355    86,836
Additions                                                                                                2,092             430            2,107     4,629
Business acquisitions                                                             4                         72             184               10       266
Transfers                                                                                                  881              79           (2,239)   (1,279)
Retirements and disposals                                                                               (1,484)           (232)              (8)   (1,724)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                          8                        (85)            (95)              —       (180)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                             16                         (1)            (10)              —        (11)
December 31, 2024                                                                                       76,151          10,161            2,225    88,537
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2024                                                                                         50,926           5,558               —     56,484
Depreciation                                                                                             3,245             513               —      3,758
Retirements and disposals                                                                               (1,447)           (214)              —     (1,661)
Other                                                                                                      (43)             (2)              —        (45)
December 31, 2024                                                                                       52,681           5,855               —     58,536
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2024                                                                                         23,750           4,247           2,355     30,352
December 31, 2024                                                                                       23,470           4,306           2,225     30,001
(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 18, Leases, for additional details.

                                                                                                        Network
                                                                                              infrastructure and     Land and      Assets under
   For the year ended December 31, 2023                                          Note              equipment (1)   buildings (1)   construction      Total
   Cost
   January 1, 2023                                                                                      71,875           9,139           2,598     83,612
   Additions                                                                                             2,990             795           2,176      5,961
   Business acquisitions/(business disposition)                                       4                      8            (103)           (100)      (195)
   Transfers                                                                                             1,368              79          (2,317)      (870)
   Retirements and disposals                                                                            (1,557)            (53)             (2)    (1,612)
   Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                         8                       —              (42)             —         (42)
   Reclassified to assets held for sale                                            16                       (8)            (10)             —         (18)
   December 31, 2023                                                                                    74,676           9,805           2,355     86,836
   Accumulated depreciation
   January 1, 2023                                                                                      49,236           5,120              —      54,356
   Depreciation                                                                                          3,254             491              —       3,745
   Business disposition                                                                                     (1)            (17)             —         (18)
   Retirements and disposals                                                                            (1,508)            (37)             —      (1,545)
   Transfers                                                                                                23               2              —          25
   Reclassified to assets held for sale                                            16                       (6)             —               —          (6)
   Other                                                                                                   (72)             (1)             —         (73)
   December 31, 2023                                                                                    50,926           5,558              —      56,484
   Net carrying amount
   January 1, 2023                                                                                      22,639           4,019           2,598     29,256
   December 31, 2023                                                                                    23,750           4,247           2,355     30,352
(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 18, Leases, for additional details.




35 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 18 Leases
Right-of-use assets
BCE’s significant right-of-use assets under leases are satellites, office premises, land, cellular tower sites, retail outlets and OOH advertising
spaces. Right-of-use assets are presented in Property, plant and equipment in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                                             Network
                                                                                                   infrastructure and    Land and
For the year ended December 31, 2024                                                      Note             equipment     buildings          Total
Cost
January 1, 2024                                                                                               4,271         4,774          9,045
Additions                                                                                                       444           327            771
Transfers                                                                                                      (245)           (5)          (250)
Business acquisitions                                                                                            —            140            140
Lease terminations                                                                                              (49)         (141)          (190)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                                       8                 —            (86)           (86)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                                          16                 —            (10)           (10)
December 31, 2024                                                                                             4,421         4,999          9,420
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2024                                                                                               2,103         2,216          4,319
Depreciation                                                                                                    464           384            848
Transfers                                                                                                      (135)            2           (133)
Lease terminations                                                                                              (35)         (132)          (167)
December 31, 2024                                                                                             2,397         2,470          4,867
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2024                                                                                               2,168         2,558          4,726
December 31, 2024                                                                                             2,024         2,529          4,553


                                                                                                             Network
                                                                                                   infrastructure and    Land and
For the year ended December 31, 2023                                                      Note             equipment     buildings          Total
Cost
January 1, 2023                                                                                               3,693         4,119          7,812
Additions                                                                                                       832           729          1,561
Transfers                                                                                                      (215)           (4)          (219)
Business disposition                                                                                             —            (20)           (20)
Lease terminations                                                                                              (37)          (15)           (52)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                                       8                 —            (30)           (30)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                                          16                 (2)           (5)            (7)
December 31, 2023                                                                                             4,271         4,774          9,045
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2023                                                                                               1,804         1,858          3,662
Depreciation                                                                                                    425           364            789
Transfers                                                                                                      (113)           (1)          (114)
Business disposition                                                                                             —             (3)            (3)
Lease terminations                                                                                              (13)           (2)           (15)
December 31, 2023                                                                                             2,103         2,216          4,319
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2023                                                                                               1,889         2,261          4,150
December 31, 2023                                                                                             2,168         2,558          4,726




                                                                                                                                               36
Leases in net earnings
The following table provides the expenses related to leases recognized in net earnings.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                  2024            2023
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                                                           218              193
Variable lease payment expenses not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                                                            116              126
Expenses for leases of low value assets                                                                                                          69               63
Expenses for short-term leases                                                                                                                   31               29


Leases in the statements of cash flows
Total cash outflow related to leases was $1,567 million and $1,455 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
respectively.

Additional disclosures
See Note 24, Debt due within one year, and Note 25, Long-term debt, for lease liabilities balances included in the statements of financial
position.
See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for a maturity analysis of lease liabilities.
See Note 34, Commitments and contingencies, for leases committed but not yet commenced as at December 31, 2024.




Note 19 Intangible assets
                                                                    Finite-life                                      Indefinite-life
                                                         Customer     Program                                     Spectrum                                       Total
For the year ended                                        relation- and feature                                   and other    Broadcast                    intangible
December 31, 2024                      Note   Software       ships film rights        Other     Total   Brands     licences      licences         Total         assets
Cost
January 1, 2024                                11,345       1,778             651      521    14,295     2,432       5,949             1,434     9,815        24,110
Additions                                         317          —            1,328       4      1,649        —          553                —       553          2,202
Business acquisitions                    4          4          40              —        —         44        4            1                —         5             49
Transfers                                       1,279          —               —        —      1,279        —           —                 —        —           1,279
Retirements and disposals                        (860)         —                  —     (1)    (861)        —           —                 (1)         (1)       (862)
Impairment losses recognized in
  earnings                               8        (85)         —             (144)     (10)    (239)       (49)         —              (578)      (627)         (866)
Amortization included in operating
  costs                                            —           —           (1,158)      —     (1,158)       —           —                 —           —        (1,158)
Reclassified to assets held for sale    16         —           —               —        —         —         —           (3)               —           (3)          (3)
December 31, 2024                              12,000       1,818             677      514    15,009     2,387       6,500              855      9,742        24,751
Accumulated amortization
January 1, 2024                                 6,193       1,089                 —    219     7,501        —           —                 —           —        7,501
Amortization                                    1,142          96                 —     45     1,283        —           —                 —           —        1,283
Retirements and disposals                        (818)         —                  —     (1)     (819)       —           —                 —           —         (819)
December 31, 2024                               6,517       1,185                 —    263     7,965        —           —                 —           —        7,965
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2024                                 5,152         689             651      302     6,794     2,432       5,949             1,434     9,815        16,609
December 31, 2024                               5,483         633             677      251     7,044     2,387       6,500              855      9,742        16,786




37 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                    Finite-life                                         Indefinite-life
                                                         Customer     Program                                        Spectrum                                           Total
For the year ended                                        relation- and feature                                      and other       Broadcast                    intangibles
December 31, 2023                      Note   Software       ships film rights           Other     Total   Brands     licences         licences         Total          assets
Cost
January 1, 2023                                10,543       1,802             603         407    13,355     2,435       5,905             1,486        9,826         23,181
Additions                                         471          —            1,260         149     1,880        —           53                —               53       1,933
Business acquisitions/(business
  disposition)                            4        10          45                  —       (4)      51        31           (7)               —              24           75
Transfers                                         897          —                   —      (27)     870        —            —                 —              —           870
Retirements and disposals                        (576)        (69)                 (2)     (4)    (651)       —            (2)               (9)           (11)        (662)
Impairment losses recognized in
  earnings                                8        —           —                  (45)     —        (45)      (34)         —                (17)         (51)            (96)
Amortization included in operating
  costs                                            —           —           (1,165)         —     (1,165)       —           —                 —            —           (1,165)
Reclassified to assets held for sale     16        —           —               —           —         —         —           —                (26)         (26)            (26)
December 31, 2023                              11,345       1,778             651         521    14,295     2,432       5,949             1,434        9,815         24,110
Accumulated amortization
January 1, 2023                                 5,734       1,060                  —      204     6,998        —           —                 —               —        6,998
Amortization                                    1,033          98                  —       42     1,173        —           —                 —               —        1,173
Retirements and disposals                        (574)        (69)                 —       (2)     (645)       —           —                 —               —         (645)
Transfers                                          —           —                   —      (25)      (25)       —           —                 —               —          (25)
December 31, 2023                               6,193       1,089                  —      219     7,501        —           —                 —               —        7,501
Net carrying amount
January 1, 2023                                 4,809         742             603         203     6,357     2,435       5,905             1,486        9,826         16,183
December 31, 2023                               5,152         689             651         302     6,794     2,432       5,949             1,434        9,815         16,609




Note 20 Investments in associates and joint ventures
The following tables provide summarized financial information with respect to BCE’s associates and joint ventures. For more details on our
associates and joint ventures, see Note 35, Related party transactions.

Statements of financial position
For the year ended December 31                                                                                               Note                    2024              2023
Assets                                                                                                                                             1,531              4,050
Liabilities                                                                                                                                         (796)            (3,875)
Total net assets                                                                                                                                     735                175
BCE's share of net assets                                                                                                                            341                323
BCE’s share of net liabilities                                                                                                   28                   —                (252)


Income statements
For the year ended December 31                                                                                               Note                    2024              2023
Revenues                                                                                                                                            2,426             2,722
Expenses                                                                                                                                           (2,906)           (3,832)
Total net losses                                                                                                                                    (480)            (1,110)
BCE’s share of net losses                                                                                                        9                  (237)              (553)




                                                                                                                                                                          38
Note 21 Other non-current assets
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                Note              2024      2023
Long-term wireless device financing plan receivables                                                                           12               410       401
Long-term receivables                                                                                                                           430       331
Derivative assets                                                                                                               29              224        116
Publicly-traded and privately-held investments                                                                                  29              877       587
Investments(1)                                                                                                                   29             225       216
Other                                                                                                                                           123         63
Total other non-current assets                                                                                                                2,289      1,714
(1) These amounts have been pledged as security related to obligations for certain employee benefits and are not available for general use.




Note 22 Goodwill
The following table provides details about the changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2024
and 2023. BCE’s groups of CGUs for purposes of goodwill impairment testing correspond to our reporting segments.

                                                                                                                                                Bell
                                                                                                             Note         Bell CTS            Media        BCE
Balance at January 1, 2023                                                                                                  7,960             2,946     10,906
Acquisitions, disposition and other                                                                              4             139              (81)        58
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                                                            16              —               (22)       (22)
Balance at December 31, 2023                                                                                                8,099             2,843     10,942
Acquisitions                                                                                                     4             167               284       451
Impairment losses                                                                                               8               —             (1,132)   (1,132)
Balance at December 31, 2024                                                                                                 8,266             1,995    10,261


Impairment testing
Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or when there is an indication that goodwill might be impaired, by comparing the carrying value of
a CGU or group of CGUs to its recoverable amount, where the recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and
value in use.
In Q3 2024, due to a continued decline in advertising demand and spending in the linear advertising market for Bell Media TV services and
radio markets, there was an indicator that goodwill might be impaired for the Bell Media group of CGUs. Consequently, an impairment
charge of $1,132 million was recognized in Impairment of assets in the income statements.
In Q4 2024, we completed the required annual goodwill impairment test for each of our CGUs or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is
allocated. There was no further impairment of goodwill for the Bell Media group of CGUs.

Recoverable amount
The recoverable amount for the Bell CTS group of CGUs is its value in use. The recoverable amount for the Bell Media group of CGUs is its
fair value less cost of disposal.
The recoverable amount for our groups of CGUs is determined by discounting five-year cash flow projections derived from business plans
reviewed by senior management. The projections reflect management’s expectations of revenue, adjusted EBITDA, capital expenditures,
working capital and operating cash flows, based on past experience and future expectations of operating performance, including any impact
from changes in interest rates and inflation.
Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using perpetuity growth rates. None of the perpetuity growth rates exceed the long-
term historical growth rates for the markets in which we operate.
The discount rates are applied to the cash flow projections and are derived from the weighted average cost of capital for each group of
CGUs.




39 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
The following table shows the key assumptions used to estimate the recoverable amounts of our groups of CGUs.

                                                                                                                                       Assumptions used
                                                                                                                                      Perpetuity        Discount
Groups of CGUs                                                                                                                       growth rate             rate
Bell CTS                                                                                                                                    1.5 %                  7.0 %
Bell Media                                                                                                                                  0.5 %                 10.5 %

We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on which the estimate of recoverable amount of the Bell CTS group
of CGUs is based would not cause its carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
We have made certain assumptions as to the perpetuity and discount rates used to estimate the fair value of the Bell Media group of CGUs
as well as in the five-year cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by management. These assumptions and projections
may differ or change quickly given that the Canadian traditional TV and radio advertising market is expected to be impacted by audience
declines as the advertising market growth continues to shift towards digital. A negative change to any of these assumptions and projections
may result in a further impairment of goodwill for the Bell Media group of CGUs.




Note 23 Trade payables and other liabilities
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                    Note              2024             2023
Trade payables and accruals                                                                                                                       2,961            3,308
Compensation payable                                                                                                                                543              599
Severance and other costs payable                                                                                                                   157               34
Commodity taxes payable                                                                                                                             146              143
Derivative liabilities                                                                                                              29               41              107
Provisions                                                                                                                          26               65               65
Other current liabilities                                                                                                                           594              473
Total trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                        4,507            4,729




Note 24 Debt due within one year
                                                                                                           Weighted average
                                                                                                   interest rate at December
For the year ended December 31                                                                Note                   31, 2024                       2024            2023
Notes payable(1)                                                                                 29                          3.51 %              2,203               207
Loans secured by receivables(2)                                                                  29                          4.62 %              1,600             1,588
Supplier finance arrangements due within one year                                                25                          6.42 %                 73                74
Long-term debt due within one year(3)                                                            25                          3.82 %              3,793             3,173
Total debt due within one year                                                                                                                   7,669             5,042
(1) Includes commercial paper of $1,522 million in U.S. dollars ($2,190 million in Canadian dollars) and $149 million in U.S. dollars ($197 million in Canadian dollars) as
    at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which were issued under our U.S. commercial paper program and have been hedged for foreign
    currency fluctuations with forward currency contracts. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(2) Loans secured by receivables totaled $1,112 million in U.S. dollars ($1,600 million in Canadian dollars) and $1,200 million in U.S. dollars ($1,588 million in
    Canadian dollars) as at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with forward currency
    contracts. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(3) Included in long-term debt due within one year is the current portion of lease liabilities of $1,088 million and $1,074 million as at December 31, 2024 and December
    31, 2023, respectively.




                                                                                                                                                                        40
Securitized receivables
In 2023, we amended our securitization program to add sustainability-linked pricing. The amendment introduces a financing cost that varies
based on our performance of certain sustainability performance targets.
The following table provides further details on our securitized receivables programs during 2024 and 2023.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                 2024               2023
Average interest rate throughout the year                                                                                                    5.50 %            5.72 %
Securitized receivables                                                                                                                       3,405             3,320
Maximum amount still available under our securitization program                                                                               2,300             2,300

The securitization program is recorded as a floating rate revolving loan secured by certain receivables. We continue to service trade
receivables and wireless device financing plan receivables under the securitization program, which matures in June 2027 unless previously
terminated. The lenders' interest in the collection of these receivables ranks ahead of our interests, which means that we are exposed to
certain risks of default on the amounts securitized.
We have provided various credit enhancements in the form of overcollateralization and subordination of our retained interests.
The lenders have no further claim on our other assets if customers do not pay the amounts owed.

Credit facilities
Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate principal amount of
$3.0 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount of notes exceed $3.5 billion in
Canadian currency.
Effective November 22, 2024, the maximum amount of Bell Canada's committed unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities was
increased in the aggregate by $500 million as compared to December 31, 2023. The total amount of the net available committed revolving
and expansion credit facilities may be drawn at any time.
On November 1, 2024, Bell Canada entered into a commitment letter (Commitment Letter) for a $3,700 million unsecured term loan facility
(Ziply Term Facility) denominated in U.S. dollars ($5,324 million in Canadian dollars) that can be drawn to finance the acquisition of Ziply
Fiber. Subsequent to year end and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Commitment Letter, Bell Canada made reductions of
$965 million in U.S. dollars ($1,375 million in Canadian dollars) in the aggregate amount of the Commitment Letter, decreasing the
commitment thereunder to $2,735 million in U.S. dollars ($3,949 million in Canadian dollars).
In 2023, Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) entered into a $600 million U.S. dollar uncommitted trade loan agreement to finance certain
purchase obligations. Loan requests were made until April 30, 2024, with each loan having a term of up to 24 months. The loan agreement
has been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2024.

                                                                                                                                        Commercial
                                                                                                                          Letters of          paper
                                                                                  Total available           Drawn             credit    outstanding     Net available
Committed credit facilities
 Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1)(2)                                 4,000               —                —             2,190            1,810
 Unsecured term loan facility                                                               5,324               —                —                —             5,324
 Unsecured non-revolving credit facilities                                                    641               52               —                —               589
 Other                                                                                        106               —                71               —                35
Total committed credit facilities                                                         10,071                52               71            2,190            7,758
Non-committed credit facilities
 Bell Canada                                                                                1,810               —               512                —            1,298
 Bell Mobility                                                                                863              863               —                 —               —
Total non-committed credit facilities                                                       2,673              863              512                —            1,298
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                       12,744               915              583            2,190            9,056
(1) Bell Canada’s $2.7 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in November 2029 and its $1.3 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in November
    2027.
(2) As of December 31, 2024, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $1,522 million in U.S. dollars ($2,190 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell
    Canada’s commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt due within one year.




41 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Restrictions
Some of our credit agreements:
•  require us to meet specific financial ratios
•  require us to offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or Bell Canada
We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such credit agreements.




Note 25 Long-term debt
                                                                                     Weighted average interest
For the year ended December 31                                                Note   rate at December 31, 2024            Maturity            2024             2023
   Debt securities
       1997 trust indenture (1)                                                                            4.18 %       2025-2053          20,273           19,768
       1976 trust indenture                                                                                9.38 %       2027-2054             975              975
       2011 trust indenture (2)                                                                                                                —               225
       2016 U.S. trust indenture (3)                                                                       4.24 %       2032-2054           9,445            7,529
       1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                                 8.21 %       2026-2031             275              275
   Lease liabilities                                                                                       4.35 %       2025-2069           4,591            4,857
   Bell Mobility trade loan (4)                                                                            4.87 %       2025-2026             863              476
   Supplier finance arrangements                                                                           6.42 %       2025-2029             197              218
   Other                                                                                                                                      243              204
Total debt                                                                                                                                 36,862           34,527
   Net unamortized discount                                                                                                                   (29)             (33)
   Unamortized debt issuance costs                                                                                                           (132)            (112)
   Less amounts due within one year:
       Supplier finance arrangements                                            24                                                            (73)             (74)
       Long-term debt                                                           24                                                         (3,793)          (3,173)
Total long-term debt                                                                                                                       32,835           31,135
(1) At December 31, 2024 and 2023, $1,300 million and $1,625 million, respectively, have been swapped from fixed to floating using interest rate swaps. As at
    December 31, 2024, $525 million have been swapped from fixed to floating with forward interest rate swaps starting in 2028. See Note 29, Financial and capital
    management, for additional details.
(2) On December 12, 2024, the trust indenture dated August 10, 2011 between Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (now Bell MTS Inc.) and Computershare Trust
    Company of Canada, as supplemented from time to time, was canceled and discharged given that no more debt securities were outstanding thereunder.
(3) At December 31, 2024 and 2023, notes issued under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture totaled $6,550 million and $5,700 million in U.S. dollars, respectively, and have
    been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps, including $600 million in U.S. dollars which was swapped from fixed to
    floating at December 31, 2023. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(4) At December 31, 2024 and 2023, loans incurred under the Bell Mobility trade loan agreement totaled $600 million in U.S. dollars and $360 million in U.S. dollars,
    respectively, and have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for
    additional details.

Bell Canada's debt securities have been issued in Canadian dollars with the exception of debt securities issued under the 2016 U.S. trust
indenture, which have been issued in U.S. dollars. All debt securities were issued at a fixed interest rate. We have entered into interest rate
and cross currency interest rate derivatives to manage interest rate risk as disclosed in Note 29, Financial and capital management.

Supplier finance arrangements
Supplier finance arrangements are agreements whereby a finance provider pays amounts to a participating supplier in respect of invoices
owed by BCE and receives the settlement from BCE at a later date. These arrangements have an average term of 5 years, whereas
comparable trade payables would have payment terms between 30 and 60 days.

Restrictions
Some of our debt agreements:
•  impose covenants and new issue tests
•  require us to make an offer to repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of control event as defined
   in the relevant debt agreements



                                                                                                                                                                  42
We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such debt agreements.
All outstanding debt securities have been issued under trust indentures, are unsecured and have been guaranteed by BCE. All debt
securities have been issued in series and certain series are redeemable at Bell Canada’s option prior to maturity at the prices, times and
conditions specified for each series.

2024
On May 24, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.60% Series M-61 medium-term note (MTN) debentures, with a
principal amount of $400 million, which mature on August 11, 2053. The Series M-61 debentures were issued pursuant to a re-opening of an
existing series of MTN debentures. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.15% Series M-63
MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $1.1 billion, which mature on August 24, 2034.
On February 15, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 5.200% Series US-9 Notes, with a principal amount of
$700 million in U.S. dollars ($942 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2034. The Series US-9 Notes have been
hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross currency interest rate swaps. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued,
under its 2016 trust indenture, 5.550% Series US-10 Notes, with a principal amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,009 million in
Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2054. The Series US-10 Notes have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with
cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
The Series M-61 and M-63 MTN debentures and the Series US-9 and US-10 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by BCE.
Subsequent to year end, on February 18, 2025, Bell Canada completed an offering of $2,250 million in U.S. dollars ($3,187 million in
Canadian dollars) aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes in two series (A and B).
The $1,000 million in U.S. dollars ($1,416 million in Canadian dollars) Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series A due 2055
initially bear interest at an annual rate of 6.875% and reset every five years starting on September 15, 2030 at an annual rate equal to the
five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.390%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not reset below
6.875%. The $1,250 million in U.S. dollars ($1,771 million in Canadian dollars) Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Junior Subordinated Notes, Series B
due 2055 initially bear interest at an annual rate of 7.000% and reset every five years starting on September 15, 2035 at an annual rate
equal to the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.363%, provided that the interest rate during any five-year interest period will not
reset below 7.000%. Bell Canada may redeem either series of the Junior Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price
equal to 100% of the principal amount commencing on the applicable first reset dates. The Series A and B Notes have been hedged for
foreign currency fluctuations with foreign exchange swaps having a settlement date in 2025.



2023
On November 14, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.85% Series M-57 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of
$300 million, which mature on November 10, 2032. The Series M-57 debentures were issued pursuant to a re-opening of an existing series
of MTN debentures. Additionally on the same date, Bell Canada issued under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.25% Series M-62 MTN debentures,
with a principal amount of $700 million, which mature on March 15, 2029.
On August 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.15% Series M-60 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of
$600 million, which mature on November 14, 2028. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.60%
Series M-61 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $400 million, which mature on August 11, 2053.
On May 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 5.100% Series US-8 Notes, with a principal amount of $850 million in
U.S. dollars ($1,138 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on May 11, 2033. The Series US-8 Notes have been hedged for foreign
currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
On February 9, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 4.55% Series M-58 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of
$1,050 million, which mature on February 9, 2030. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.15%
Series M-59 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $450 million, which mature on February 9, 2053.




43 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Note 26 Provisions
For the year ended December 31                                                                Note         AROs         Other (1)        Total
January 1, 2024                                                                                             163             188           351
Additions                                                                                                    —               52            52
Usage                                                                                                        (9)            (36)          (45)
Reversals                                                                                                    —              (12)          (12)
Acquisition                                                                                                   7              —              7
December 31, 2024                                                                                           161             192           353
Current                                                                                         23            32             33            65
Non-current                                                                                     28           129            159           288
December 31, 2024                                                                                            161            192           353
(1) Other includes environmental, legal, vacant space and other provisions.

AROs reflect management’s best estimates of expected future costs to restore current leased premises to their original condition prior to
lease inception. Cash outflows associated with our ARO liabilities are generally expected to occur at the restoration dates of the assets to
which they relate, which are long-term in nature. The timing and extent of restoration work that will be ultimately required for these sites is
uncertain.




Note 27 Post-employment benefit plans
Post-employment benefit plans cost
We provide pension and other benefits for most of our employees. These include DB pension plans, DC pension plans and OPEBs.
We operate our DB and DC pension plans under applicable Canadian and provincial pension legislation, which prescribes minimum and
maximum DB funding requirements. Plan assets are held in trust, and the oversight of governance of the plans, including investment
decisions, contributions to DB plans and the selection of the DC plans investment options offered to plan participants, lies with the Risk and
Pension Fund Committee, a committee of our board of directors.
The interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to a mismatch between
investment growth and obligation growth.
The longevity risk is managed using a longevity swap, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to an increase in life expectancy.

Components of post-employment benefit plans service cost
For the year ended December 31                                                                                              2024          2023
DB pension                                                                                                                 (134)         (128)
DC pension                                                                                                                 (136)         (133)
OPEBs                                                                                                                         (1)           (1)
Less:
    Capitalized benefit plans cost                                                                                           63            56
Total post-employment benefit plans service cost                                                                           (208)         (206)


Components of post-employment benefit plans financing income
For the year ended December 31                                                                                             2024           2023
DB pension                                                                                                                   99           149
OPEBs                                                                                                                       (33)           (41)
Total net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                                            66           108




                                                                                                                                            44
The statements of comprehensive income include the following amounts before income taxes.

                                                                                                                                               2024          2023
Cumulative gains recognized directly in equity, January 1                                                                                       432           985
   Actuarial gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss)(1)                                                                             984          (835)
   (Increase) decrease in the effect of the asset limit in other comprehensive income (loss)(2)                                                (188)          282
Cumulative gains recognized directly in equity, December 31                                                                                   1,228          432
(1) The cumulative actuarial gains recognized in the statements of comprehensive income are $1,848 million at December 31, 2024.
(2) The cumulative increase in the effect of the asset limit recognized in the statements of comprehensive income is $620 million at December 31, 2024.

Components of post-employment benefit assets (obligations)
The following table shows the change in post-employment benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets.

                                                                        DB pension plans                       OPEB plans                        Total
                                                                           2024          2023                   2024          2023             2024          2023
Post-employment benefit obligations, January 1                          (20,595)         (19,295)             (1,074)       (1,138)         (21,669)      (20,433)
    Current service cost                                                   (134)            (128)                 (1)           (1)            (135)         (129)
    Interest on obligations                                                (927)            (993)                (49)          (58)            (976)       (1,051)
    Actuarial gains (losses)(1)                                             214           (1,572)                 —             51              214        (1,521)
    Benefit payments                                                      1,349            1,401                  70            72            1,419         1,473
    Employee contributions                                                   (8)              (8)                 —             —                (8)           (8)
    Business combinations                                                   (33)              —                   —             —               (33)           —
Post-employment benefit obligations, December 31                        (20,134)         (20,595)             (1,054)       (1,074)         (21,188)      (21,669)
Fair value of plan assets, January 1                                     23,768           23,355                330            327           24,098       23,682
     Expected return on plan assets(2)                                    1,062            1,195                 16             17            1,078        1,212
     Actuarial gains (losses)(1)                                            737              692                 33             (6)             770          686
     Benefit payments                                                    (1,349)          (1,401)               (70)           (72)          (1,419)      (1,473)
     Employer contributions                                                  48               41                 61             64              109          105
     Employee contributions                                                   8                8                 —              —                 8            8
     Transfers to DC plans                                                 (132)            (124)                —              —              (132)        (124)
     Business combinations                                                   47               —                  —              —                47           —
     Other                                                                   (1)               2                 —              —                (1)           2
Fair value of plan assets, December 31                                   24,188           23,768                370            330           24,558       24,098
Plan asset (deficit)                                                      4,054            3,173               (684)          (744)           3,370        2,429
Effect of asset limit                                                      (960)            (719)                —              —              (960)        (719)
Interest on effect of asset limit                                           (36)             (53)                —              —               (36)         (53)
Post-employment benefit asset (liability),
   December 31                                                             3,058           2,401               (684)          (744)           2,374         1,657
Post-employment benefit assets                                             3,578           2,935                 —              —             3,578         2,935
Post-employment benefit obligations                                         (520)           (534)              (684)          (744)          (1,204)       (1,278)
(1) Actuarial gains (losses) include experience gains of $809 million in 2024 and $734 million in 2023.
(2) The actual return on plan assets was $1,848 million or 8.1% in 2024 and $1,898 million or 8.8% in 2023.




45 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Funded status of post-employment benefit plans
The following table shows the funded status of our post-employment benefit obligations.

                                                             Funded                   Partially funded(1)        Unfunded(2)                       Total
For the year ended December 31                              2024              2023        2024          2023      2024           2023            2024         2023
Present value of post-employment
  benefit obligations                                   (19,558)        (20,004)       (1,425)       (1,453)      (205)         (212)       (21,188)       (21,669)
Fair value of plan assets                                24,123          23,703           435           395         —             —          24,558         24,098
Plan surplus (deficit)                                     4,565             3,699       (990)       (1,058)      (205)         (212)         3,370          2,429
Effect of asset limit                                       (996)             (772)        —             —          —             —            (996)          (772)
Post-employment benefit asset
   (liability)                                             3,569             2,927       (990)       (1,058)      (205)         (212)         2,374          1,657
(1) The partially funded plans consist of supplementary executive retirement plans (SERPs) for eligible employees and certain OPEBs. The company partially funds the
    SERPs through letters of credit and a retirement compensation arrangement account with Canada Revenue Agency. Certain paid-up life insurance benefits are
    funded through life insurance contracts.
(2) Our unfunded plans consist of certain OPEBs, which are paid as claims are incurred.

Significant assumptions
We used the following key assumptions to measure the post-employment benefit obligations and the net benefit plans cost for the DB
pension plans and OPEB plans. These assumptions are long-term, which is consistent with the nature of post-employment benefit plans.

                                                                                                                                 DB pension plans and OPEB
                                                                                                                                           plans
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                             2024               2023
Post-employment benefit obligations
    Discount rate                                                                                                                         4.7 %              4.6 %
    Rate of compensation increase                                                                                                        2.25 %             2.25 %
    Cost of living indexation rate(1)                                                                                                     1.6 %              1.6 %
    Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                                                    23.4               23.4
(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.

                                                                                                                                 DB pension plans and OPEB
                                                                                                                                           plans
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                             2024               2023
Net post-employment benefit plans cost
    Discount rate                                                                                                                         4.7 %              5.3 %
    Rate of compensation increase                                                                                                        2.25 %             2.25 %
    Cost of living indexation rate(1)                                                                                                     1.6 %              1.6 %
    Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                                                    23.4               23.3
(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.

The weighted average duration of the post-employment benefit obligation is 11 years.
We assumed the following trend rates in healthcare costs:
•  an annual increase in the cost of medication of 6.5% for 2024 decreasing to 4.0% over 20 years
•  an annual increase in the cost of covered dental benefits of 4.5%
•  an annual increase in the cost of covered hospital benefits of 3.7%
•  an annual increase in the cost of other covered healthcare benefits of 4.5%
Assumed trend rates in healthcare costs have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the healthcare plans.
The following table shows the effect of a 1% change in the assumed trend rates in healthcare costs.

Effect on post-employment benefits - increase/(decrease)                                                                          1% increase          1% decrease
Total service and interest cost                                                                                                              2                  (3)
Post-employment benefit obligations                                                                                                         55                 (49)




                                                                                                                                                                 46
Sensitivity analysis
The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit obligations and the
net post-employment benefit plans cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.

                                                                                                              Impact on post-employment
                                                                           Impact on net post-employment         benefit obligations at
                                                                             benefit plans cost for 2024 –       December 31, 2024 –
                                                                                increase/(decrease)               increase/(decrease)
                                                              Change in        Increase in      Decrease in      Increase in      Decrease in
                                                             assumption       assumption        assumption      assumption        assumption
Discount rate                                                     0.5 %               (79)              72           (1,102)           1,208
Cost of living indexation rate                                    0.5 %                53              (41)             987             (805)
Life expectancy at age 65                                         1 year               36              (37)             720             (721)


Post-employment benefit plan assets
The investment strategy for the post-employment benefit plan assets is to maintain a diversified portfolio of assets invested in a prudent
manner to maintain the security of benefits.
The following table shows the target allocations for 2024 and the allocation of our post-employment benefit plan assets at
December 31, 2024 and 2023.

                                                                           Weighted average
                                                                            target allocation           Total plan assets fair value
Asset category                                                                          2024      December 31, 2024        December 31, 2023
Equity securities                                                                   0%-40%                      13 %                    13 %
Debt securities                                                                   40%-100%                      53 %                    55 %
Alternative investments                                                             0%-50%                      34 %                    32 %
Total                                                                                                          100 %                   100 %




47 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
The following table shows the fair value of the DB pension plan assets for each category.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                            2024           2023
Observable markets data
  Equity securities
       Canadian                                                                                                            862           858
       Foreign                                                                                                           2,344         2,265
  Debt securities
       Canadian                                                                                                         11,117        10,284
       Foreign                                                                                                           1,426         1,550
       Money market                                                                                                        257         1,222
Non-observable markets inputs
  Alternative investments
       Private equities                                                                                                  1,066           831
       Hedge funds                                                                                                       1,301         1,268
       Real estate and infrastructure                                                                                    4,341         4,221
       Private debt                                                                                                      1,451         1,237
       Other                                                                                                                23            32
Total                                                                                                                   24,188        23,768

Equity securities included less than $0.1 million of BCE common shares, less than 0.1% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2024 and
approximately $9 million of BCE common shares, or less than 0.1% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2023.
Debt securities included approximately $41 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.2% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2024 and
approximately $92 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.4% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2023.
The Bell Canada Pension Plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its exposure to potential increases in longevity, which
covers approximately $3 billion of post-employment benefit obligations. The fair value of the arrangement is included within other alternative
investments.

Cash flows
We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various actuarial cost methods
that are permitted by pension regulatory authorities. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions about future investment returns, salary
projections and future service benefits. Changes in these factors could cause actual future contributions to differ from our current estimates
and could require us to increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans in the future, which could have a negative effect on our
liquidity and financial performance.
We contribute to the DC pension plans as employees provide service.
The following table shows the amounts we contributed to the DB and DC pension plans and the payments made to beneficiaries under
OPEB plans.

                                                                 DB plans                     DC plans                   OPEB plans
For the year ended December 31                                   2024          2023           2024          2023          2024           2023
Contributions/payments                                            (48)          (41)            (4)          (11)          (61)          (64)

We expect to contribute approximately $30 million to our DB pension plans in 2025, subject to actuarial valuations being completed. We
expect to contribute approximately $10 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately $60 million to beneficiaries under OPEB
plans in 2025.




                                                                                                                                           48
Note 28 Other non-current liabilities
For the year ended December 31                                                                                    Note           2024           2023
Provisions                                                                                                          26           288             286
Long-term disability benefits obligation                                                                                         271             269
Derivative liabilities                                                                                              29           863             607
Joint venture obligation                                                                                     9,     20            —              252
Other                                                                                                                            224             303
Total other non-current liabilities                                                                                             1,646          1,717




Note 29 Financial and capital management
Financial management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures and
variability of results from various financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and equity price
risk.

Derivatives
We use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and changes in the price of BCE common
shares.

Fair value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date.
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the amount and timing of future cash flows and discount rates, all
of which reflect varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred on disposition of financial instruments are
not reflected in the fair values. As a result, the fair values may not be the net amounts that would be realized if these instruments were
settled.
The carrying values of our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade and other receivables, trade payables and other liabilities,
interest payable, dividends payable, notes payable and loans secured by receivables approximate fair value as they are short-term. The
carrying value of wireless device financing plan receivables approximates fair value given that their average remaining duration is short and
the carrying value is reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts and an allowance for revenue adjustments. The carrying value of the
Bell Mobility trade loans approximates fair value given their average remaining duration is short and they bear interest at a variable rate.
The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of financial
position.

                                                                                              December 31, 2024             December 31, 2023
                                                                                              Carrying                       Carrying
                          Classification               Fair value methodology      Note          value      Fair value          value      Fair value
Debt securities and       Debt due within one year and Quoted market price of   24, 25         31,247         30,885          29,049         28,225
other debt                long-term debt               debt




49 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial position.
                                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                                                    Quoted prices in
                                                                                                   active markets for      Observable        Non-observable
                                                                               Carrying value of     identical assets market data (level      market inputs
                        Classification                             Note          asset (liability)           (level 1)              2)(1)         (level 3)(2)
December 31, 2024
Publicly-traded and     Other non-current assets                          21                877                   35                  —                  842
privately-held
investments(3)
Derivative financial    Other current assets, trade payables                               (368)                  —                (368)                  —
instruments             and other liabilities, other non-current
                        assets and liabilities
Other                   Other non-current assets                                            225                   —                 225                   —
December 31, 2023
Publicly-traded and     Other non-current assets                          21                587                   10                  —                  577
privately-held
investments(3)
Derivative financial    Other current assets, trade payables                               (488)                  —                (488)                  —
instruments             and other liabilities, other non-current
                        assets and liabilities
Other                   Other non-current assets and liabilities                            147                   —                 216                  (69)
(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and revenue and earnings multiples. For certain privately-held investments, changes in our
    valuation assumptions may result in a significant change in the fair value of our level 3 financial instruments.
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) in the statements of comprehensive income and are reclassified from
    Accumulated other comprehensive loss to the Deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.

Credit risk
We are exposed to credit risk from operating activities and certain customer financing activities, the maximum exposure of which is
represented by the carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position.
We are exposed to credit risk if counterparties to our trade receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables, and derivative
instruments are unable to meet their obligations. The concentration of credit risk from our customers is minimized because we have a large
and diverse customer base. There was minimal credit risk relating to derivative instruments at December 31, 2024 and 2023. We deal with
institutions that have investment-grade credit ratings and we expect that they will be able to meet their obligations. We regularly monitor our
credit risk and credit exposure, and consider, among other factors, the effects of changes in interest rates and inflation.
The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for trade receivables.

                                                                                                                         Note             2024           2023
Balance, January 1                                                                                                                        (118)          (129)
Additions                                                                                                                                 (169)          (126)
Usage and reversals                                                                                                                        167            137
Balance, December 31                                                                                                      12              (120)          (118)

In many instances, trade receivables are written off directly to bad debt expense if the account has not been collected after a predetermined
period of time.




                                                                                                                                                            50
The following table provides further details on trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts.

At December 31                                                                                                                   2024          2023
Trade receivables not past due                                                                                                  3,346        3,158
Trade receivables past due
    Under 60 days                                                                                                                 484          421
    60 to 120 days                                                                                                                240          209
    Over 120 days                                                                                                                 115           53
Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                       4,185        3,841

The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for contract assets.

                                                                                                                  Note           2024          2023
Balance, January 1                                                                                                                (18)         (19)
Additions                                                                                                                         (20)         (40)
Usage and reversals                                                                                                                20           41
Balance, December 31                                                                                                              (18)         (18)
Current                                                                                                                            (6)          (6)
Non-current                                                                                                                       (12)         (12)
Balance, December 31                                                                                               14             (18)         (18)


Liquidity risk
Our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under our securitized receivables program, cash flows from
operations and possible capital markets financing are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations and fulfill our obligations as they
become due. Should our cash requirements exceed the above sources of cash, we would expect to cover such a shortfall by drawing on
existing committed bank facilities and new ones, to the extent available.
The following table is a maturity analysis for recognized financial liabilities at December 31, 2024 for each of the next five years and
thereafter.

At December 31, 2024                                        Note       2025        2026       2027        2028           2029 Thereafter    Total
Total debt, excluding lease liabilities                       25      2,769      1,988       1,771       2,139       1,490        22,114    32,271
Lease liabilities (1)                                         25      1,258        991         493         392         332         2,047     5,513
Notes payable                                                 24      2,203         —           —           —           —             —      2,203
Loan secured by receivables                                   24      1,600         —           —           —           —             —      1,600
Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable
   and loan secured by receivables                                    1,491      1,255       1,213       1,155       1,055        12,037    18,206
Net receipts on cross currency interest
   rate swaps and interest rate swaps                                   (64)       (61)        (40)        (40)        (39)       (1,322)   (1,566)
Total                                                                 9,257      4,173       3,437       3,646       2,838        34,876    58,227
(1) Includes imputed interest of $922 million.

We are also exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities due within one year as shown in the statements of financial position.

Market risk
Currency exposures
In 2024, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $700 million in U.S. dollars ($942 million in Canadian
dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our US-9 Notes maturing in 2034. The fair value of the cross currency interest rate swaps at
December 31, 2024 was a net asset of $5 million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of
financial position.
In 2024, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,009 million in
Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our US-10 Notes maturing in 2054. In connection with these swaps, cross
currency basis rate swaps outstanding at December 31, 2023 with a notional amount of $644 million were settled. The fair value of the cross
currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2024 was a net liability of $44 million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-
current liabilities in the statements of financial position.




51 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
In 2024, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $240 million in U.S. dollars ($324 million in Canadian
dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of outstanding loans maturing in 2026 under our Bell Mobility trade loan agreement. The fair
value of the cross currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2024 was an asset of $21 million recognized in Other current assets and
Other non-current assets in the statements of financial position.
In 2023, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $360 million in U.S. dollars ($491 million in Canadian
dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of outstanding loans maturing in 2025 under our Bell Mobility trade loan agreement. The fair
value of the cross currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was an asset of $28 million recognized in Other current
assets and a net liability of $15 million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current liabilities, respectively, in the statements of
financial position.
In 2023, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $850 million in U.S. dollars ($1,138 million in
Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our US-8 Notes maturing in 2033. The fair value of the cross currency interest
rate swaps at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was an asset of $11 million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current assets
and a net liability of $37 million recognized in Other current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities,
respectively, in the statements of financial position.
See Note 24, Debt due within one year and Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional details.
The following table provides further details on our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options as at December 31, 2024.

                                                                Amount to
Type of hedge                             Buy currency            receive      Sell currency Amount to pay                 Maturity                   Hedged item
Cash flow(1)                                        USD              1,117               CAD              1,606                2025                          Loans
Cash flow                                           USD              1,533               CAD              2,154                2025              Commercial paper
Cash flow                                           USD                671               CAD                873                2025          Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                           PHP              3,193               CAD                 75                2025          Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                           USD                509               CAD                677                2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic                                            USD                280               CAD                375                2025          Anticipated purchases
Economic - swaps                                    CAD                423               USD                302                2025          Anticipated purchases
Economic - options(2)                               USD                270               CAD                353                2025          Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                             USD                500               CAD                675                2025          Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                              USD                780               CAD              1,044                2025          Anticipated purchases
Economic - swaps                                    USD                102               CAD                140                2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                             USD                120               CAD                158                2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                             CAD                348               USD                240                2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                              USD                150               CAD                197                2026          Anticipated purchases
Economic - swaps                                    USD                200               CAD                275                2027          Anticipated purchases
(1) Forward contracts to hedge loans secured by receivables under our securitization program. See Note 24, Debt due within one year, for additional information.
(2) Foreign currency options with a leverage provision and a profit cap limitation.

A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar would result in a gain of $1 million (loss of
$73 million) recognized in net earnings at December 31, 2024 and a gain of $119 million (loss of $107 million) recognized in Other
comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2024, with all other variables held constant.

Interest rate exposures
In 2024, we terminated interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $625 million entered into in 2023 and 2022 used to hedge the fair
value of our Series M-53 MTN debentures maturing in 2027. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at the date of termination was an asset
of $6 million.
In 2024, we entered into, and subsequently terminated, forward starting interest rate swaps effective from 2026 with a notional amount of
$336 million to hedge the fair value of our US-10 Notes maturing in 2054. The fair value of the forward starting interest rate swaps at the
date of termination was an asset of $20 million.
In 2024, we terminated interest rate swaps entered into in 2023 with a notional amount of $250 million used to hedge the fair value of our
Series M-52 MTN debentures maturing in 2030. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at the date of termination was an asset of
$6 million.
In 2024, we terminated a series of interest rate swaps entered into in 2023 with a notional amount of $50 million maturing in 2025 and
$150 million used to hedge the fair value of our Series M-57 MTN debentures maturing in 2032. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at
the date of termination was an asset of $6 million.




                                                                                                                                                                   52
In 2024, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2025, with a notional amount of $800 million in U.S. dollars
($1,080 million in Canadian dollars), of which $400 million in U.S. dollars matures in each of 2030 and 2035, to hedge the interest rate
exposure on future U.S. dollar debt issuances. Also in 2024, we terminated a portion of these forward starting interest rate swaps with a
notional amount of $250 million in U.S. dollars ($338 million in Canadian dollars). The fair value of the forward starting interest rate swaps at
the date of termination was an asset of $7 million. The fair value of the remaining forward starting interest rate swaps with a notional amount
of $550 million in U.S. dollars ($742 million in Canadian dollars), of which $275 million in U.S. dollars matures in each of 2030 and 2035, at
December 31, 2024 was an asset of $38 million recognized in Other non-current assets in the statements of financial position.
In 2024, we sold U.S. dollar interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $214 million in U.S. dollars ($289 million in Canadian dollars),
expiring in 2024, to hedge economically the fair value of future U.S. dollar debt issuances. The interest rate swaptions were terminated or
expired unexercised.
In 2024, we sold interest rate swaptions, expiring in 2024, with a notional amount of $300 million to hedge economically the fair value of our
M-17 MTN debentures maturing in 2035. The interest rate swaptions expired unexercised.
In 2024, we sold interest rate swaptions, expiring in 2024, with a notional amount of $750 million to hedge economically the fair value of our
M-53 MTN debentures maturing in 2027. Interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $625 million were settled. The fair value of the
interest rate swaptions at the date of settlement was a liability of $6 million. The remaining interest rate swaptions expired unexercised.
In 2024, we sold interest rate floors, expiring in 2029, with a notional amount of $350 million. Also in 2024, we purchased, and subsequently
terminated, interest rate options, expiring in 2026, with a notional amount of $440 million to hedge economically the interest cost of our M-62
MTN debentures maturing in 2029. The fair value of the interest rate options at the date of termination was an asset of $1 million. The fair
value of the interest rate floors at December 31, 2024 was a liability of $2 million recognized in Trade payables and other liabilities and
Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position.
In 2023, we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $250 million to hedge economically the fair value of our Series M-53 MTN
debentures and we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $425 million to hedge economically the floating interest rate
exposure relating to these debentures. These swaptions matured unexercised.
In 2023, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2024, with a notional amount of $700 million to hedge the fair
value of our series M-62 MTN debentures maturing in 2029. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was
an asset of $27 million and $22 million, respectively, recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current assets in the statements of
financial position.
In 2023, we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $375 million to hedge economically the fair value of our Series M-52 MTN
debentures. These swaptions were exercised in 2023, giving rise to a loss of $1 million recognized in Other expense in the income
statements. The resulting interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $375 million hedge the fair value of our Series M-52 MTN
debentures maturing in 2030. In 2023, we also entered into additional interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $125 million to hedge
the fair value of our Series M-52 MTN debentures. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was an asset of
$11 million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current assets and a net asset of $12 million recognized in Other current
assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current assets, respectively, in the statements of financial position.
In 2023, we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $125 million to hedge economically the fair value of our Series M-57 MTN
debentures. These swaptions were exercised in 2023, giving rise to a loss of $2 million recognized in Other expense in the income
statements. The resulting interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $125 million hedge the fair value of our Series M-57 MTN
debentures maturing in 2032. In 2023, we also entered into additional interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $375 million to hedge
the fair value of our Series M-57 MTN debentures. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was a net asset
of $19 million recognized in Other current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current assets and a net asset of
$24 million recognized in Other current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities, Other non-current assets and Other non-current
liabilities in the statements of financial position.
In 2023, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2028, with a notional amount of $125 million to hedge the fair
value of our series M-59 MTN debentures maturing in 2053. In 2023, we also entered into forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from
2028, with a notional amount of $400 million to hedge the fair value of our series M-61 MTN debentures maturing in 2053. The fair value of
the interest rate swaps at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was an asset of $35 million and $48 million, respectively, recognized in Other non-
current assets in the statements of financial position.
In 2023, we entered into an amortizing interest rate swap with an initial notional amount of $197 million, to hedge the interest rate exposure
on other debt maturing in 2028. The notional amount of the outstanding amortizing interest rate swap at December 31, 2024 was
$123 million. The fair value of the amortizing interest rate swap at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was a liability of $4 million recognized in
Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities and a net liability of $2 million recognized in Other current assets and
Other non-current liabilities, respectively, in the statements of financial position.
See Note 24, Debt due within one year and Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional details.




53 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates would result in a loss (gain) of $28 million recognized in net earnings at December 31, 2024, with
all other variables held constant.

Equity price exposures
We use equity forward contracts on BCE’s common shares to hedge economically the cash flow exposure related to the settlement of equity
settled share-based compensation plans. The fair value of our equity forward contracts at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was
a net liability of $429 million and $162 million, respectively, recognized in Other current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities, and
Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. A loss of $269 million and $103 million for the year ended December 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively, relating to the equity forward contracts is recognized in Other expense in the income statements. See Note 31,
Share-based payments, for additional details.
A 5% increase (decrease) in the market price of BCE’s common shares would result in a gain (loss) of $18 million recognized in net
earnings at December 31, 2024, with all other variables held constant.

Capital management
We have various capital policies, procedures and processes which are utilized to seek to achieve our objectives for capital management.
These include optimizing our cost of capital and maximizing shareholder return while balancing the interests of our stakeholders.
Our definition of capital includes equity attributable to BCE shareholders, debt, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.
In 2024, the key ratio that we used to monitor and manage our capital structure was a net debt leverage ratio(1). In 2024, we increased our
net debt leverage ratio target range to 3.0 times adjusted EBITDA from 2.0 to 2.5 times adjusted EBITDA in 2023. At December 31, 2024,
and December 31, 2023, we had exceeded the limit of our internal net debt leverage ratio target range by 0.81 and 0.98, respectively.
We believe that certain investors and analysts use our net debt leverage ratio as a measure of financial leverage and health of the company.
The following table provides a summary of our key ratio.

At December 31                                                                                                                                2024             2023
Net debt leverage ratio                                                                                                                       3.81             3.48

On February 6, 2025, the board of directors of BCE declared a quarterly dividend of $0.9975 per common share, payable on April 15, 2025.
On February 7, 2024, the board of directors of BCE approved an increase of 3.1% in the annual dividend on BCE's common shares, from
$3.87 to $3.99 per common share.
In both Q4 2023 and Q4 2024, BCE renewed its normal course issuer bid program (NCIB) with respect to its First Preferred Shares. See
Note 30, Share capital, for additional details.
In Q4 2024, BCE amended its Shareholder Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) to provide, at the BCE board of
directors' discretion, for the issuance of new common shares from treasury at a discount to the average market price of the common shares
preceding the applicable dividend payment date (the Average Market Price). See Note 30, Share capital, for additional details.




(1) Our net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. As of December 31, 2024, we define net debt as debt due within one year plus
    long-term debt and 50% of preferred shares, less cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as shown in our statements of financial position. For the
    purposes of calculating our net debt leverage ratio, adjusted EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.




                                                                                                                                                                    54
Note 30 Share capital
Preferred shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares and Second Preferred Shares, all
without par value. The terms set out in the articles authorize BCE’s directors to issue the shares in one or more series and to set the number
of shares and the conditions for each series.
The following table provides a summary of the principal terms of BCE’s First Preferred Shares as at December 31, 2024. There were no
Second Preferred Shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2024. BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, describe the terms
and conditions of these shares in detail.

                                                                                                               Number of                   Stated capital
                                                                                                            shares issued
                 Annual       Convertible                                                        Redemption           and          December 31,       December 31,
Series     dividend rate              into       Conversion date          Redemption date             price outstanding                   2024               2023
Q                floating        Series R       December 1, 2030                At any time          $25.50            —                    —                  —
R(1)            3.018 %          Series Q       December 1, 2025          December 1, 2025           $25.00     7,610,500                 190                194
S                floating        Series T       November 1, 2026                At any time          $25.50     2,001,167                   50                 51
T(1)             4.99 %          Series S       November 1, 2026          November 1, 2026           $25.00     5,175,533                 129                132
Y                floating        Series Z       December 1, 2027                At any time          $25.50     5,958,652                 149                161
Z(1)            5.346 %          Series Y       December 1, 2027          December 1, 2027           $25.00     2,658,031                   66                 68
AA(1)            4.94 %         Series AB      September 1, 2027         September 1, 2027           $25.00   11,171,231                  285                293
AB               floating       Series AA      September 1, 2027                At any time          $25.50     6,399,439                 163                176
AC(1)            5.08 %         Series AD           March 1, 2028             March 1, 2028          $25.00     6,312,874                 161                165
AD               floating       Series AC           March 1, 2028               At any time          $25.50   11,722,138                  299                319
AE               floating       Series AF        February 1, 2025               At any time          $25.50     5,827,613                 146                151
AF(1)           3.865 %         Series AE        February 1, 2025          February 1, 2025          $25.00     8,820,587                 221                227
AG(1)            3.37 %         Series AH            May 1, 2026               May 1, 2026           $25.00     8,316,930                 208                211
AH               floating      Series AG             May 1, 2026                At any time          $25.50     4,655,070                 116                120
AI(1)            3.39 %         Series AJ          August 1, 2026            August 1, 2026          $25.00     8,972,840                 224                231
AJ               floating        Series AI         August 1, 2026               At any time          $25.50     3,827,260                   96               103
AK(1)           3.306 %         Series AL      December 31, 2026         December 31, 2026           $25.00   21,391,312                  535                558
AL(2)            floating       Series AK      December 31, 2026                At any time                     1,724,288                   43                 44
AM(1)           2.939 %         Series AN         March 31, 2026            March 31, 2026           $25.00     9,951,978                 228                233
AN(2)            floating      Series AM          March 31, 2026                At any time                     1,004,422                   23                 24
AO                  fixed       Series AP                                                                              —                    —                  —
AP               floating      Series AO                                                                               —                    —                  —
AQ(1)           6.538 %         Series AR      September 30, 2028       September 30, 2028           $25.00     8,102,214                 201                206
AR(3)            floating      Series AQ       September 30, 2033              At any time                             —                    —                  —
                                                                                                                                            3,533             3,667
(1)   BCE may redeem each of these series of First Preferred Shares on the applicable redemption date and every five years thereafter.
(2)   BCE may redeem Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares at $25.00 per share on December 31, 2026 and March 31, 2026, respectively, and every five years
      thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AL or AN First Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date which is not a
      Series conversion date for the applicable series of First Preferred Shares.
(3)   If Series AR First Preferred Shares are issued on September 30, 2028, BCE may redeem such shares at $25.00 per share on September 30, 2033 and every five
      years thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AR Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date which is not a
      Series conversion date for such series of First Preferred Shares.




55 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Normal course issuer bid for BCE First Preferred Shares
On November 7, 2024, BCE announced the renewal of its NCIB to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of each series of
BCE’s outstanding First Preferred Shares that are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). The NCIB will extend from November 11,
2024 to November 10, 2025, or an earlier date should BCE complete its purchases under the NCIB.
In 2024, BCE repurchased and canceled 5,346,488 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB with a stated capital of $134 million for a total cost
of $92 million. The remaining $42 million was recorded to contributed surplus.
Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased and canceled 1,413,405 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB with a stated capital of
$35 million for a total cost of $25 million. The remaining $10 million was recorded to contributed surplus.
On November 2, 2023, BCE announced the renewal of its NCIB to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of each series of
BCE’s outstanding First Preferred Shares that are listed on the TSX. The NCIB extended from November 9, 2023 to November 8, 2024.
In 2023, BCE repurchased and canceled 8,124,533 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB with a stated capital of $203 million for a total cost
of $140 million. The remaining $63 million was recorded to contributed surplus.

Voting rights
All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2024 are non-voting, except under special circumstances when
the holders are entitled to one vote per share.

Priority and entitlement to dividends
The First Preferred Shares of all series rank at parity with each other and in priority to all other shares of BCE with respect to payment of
dividends and with respect to distribution of assets in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of BCE.
Holders of Series R, T, Z, AA, AC, AF, AG, AI, AK, AM and AQ First Preferred Shares are entitled to fixed cumulative quarterly dividends. The
dividend rate on these shares is reset every five years, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.
Holders of Series S, Y, AB, AD, AE, AH and AJ First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating adjustable cumulative monthly dividends. The
floating dividend rate on these shares is calculated every month, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.
Holders of Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating cumulative quarterly dividends. The floating dividend rate on
these shares is calculated every quarter, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.
Dividends on all series of First Preferred Shares are paid as and when declared by the board of directors of BCE.

Conversion features
All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2024 are convertible at the holder’s option into another associated
series of First Preferred Shares on a one-for-one basis according to the terms set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.

Conversion of First Preferred Shares
Subsequent to year end, on February 1, 2025, 8,050 of BCE’s fixed-rate Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AF (Series
AF Preferred Shares) were converted, on a one-for-one basis, into floating-rate Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AE
(Series AE Preferred Shares). In addition, on February 1, 2025, 2,479,334 of BCE’s Series AE Preferred Shares were converted, on a one-
for-one basis, into Series AF Preferred Shares.




                                                                                                                                          56
Common shares and Class B shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation provide for an unlimited number of voting common shares and non-voting Class B shares, all without par
value. The common shares and the Class B shares rank equally in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets if BCE is
liquidated, dissolved or wound up, after payments due to the holders of preferred shares. No Class B shares were outstanding at December
31, 2024 and 2023.
The following table provides details about the outstanding common shares of BCE.

                                                                                                      2024                            2023
                                                                                               Number of                       Number of
                                                                                      Note       shares Stated capital           shares Stated capital
Outstanding, January 1                                                                       912,274,545          20,859     911,982,866          20,840
Shares issued under deferred share plan                                                            8,558               1             843              —
Shares issued under employee stock option plan                                          31            —               —          306,139              19
Unclaimed shares(1)                                                                                   —               —          (15,303)             —
Outstanding, December 31                                                                     912,283,103          20,860     912,274,545          20,859
(1)   Represents unclaimed shares following the expiry of former Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (MTS) shareholders' rights to receive BCE common shares in
      connection with the acquisition of MTS.

Discounted Treasury Dividend Reinvestment Plan
In Q4 2024, BCE amended its DRP to provide, at the BCE board of directors’ discretion, for the issuance of new common shares from
treasury at a discount to the Average Market Price. Commencing with the dividend payable on January 15, 2025 to eligible shareholders as
of the December 16, 2024 record date, and subsequently until further notice, common shares will be issued from treasury at a discount of
2% to the Average Market Price.
Subsequent to year end, on January 15, 2025, 9,540,786 common shares were issued from treasury under the DRP to shareholders of
record on December 16, 2024 holding 308,654,258 common shares, for $314 million.

Contributed surplus
Contributed surplus in 2024 and 2023 includes premiums in excess of par value upon the issuance of BCE common shares and share-
based compensation expense net of settlements.




Note 31 Share-based payments
The following share-based payment amounts are included in Operating costs in the income statements.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                                       2024           2023
RSUs and PSUs                                                                                                                         (52)           (62)
ESP and DSUs                                                                                                                          (32)           (33)
Total share-based payments                                                                                                           (84)            (95)


Description of the plans
ESP
The ESP is designed to encourage employees of BCE and its participating subsidiaries to own shares of BCE. Employees can choose to
have up to 12% of their eligible annual earnings withheld through regular payroll deductions for the purchase of BCE common shares. In
some cases, the employer also contributes up to 2% of the employee’s eligible annual earnings to the plan. Dividends are credited to the
participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. Employer
contributions to the ESP and related dividends are subject to employees holding their shares for a two-year vesting period.
The trustee of the ESP buys BCE common shares for the participants on the open market, by private purchase or from treasury. BCE
determines the method the trustee uses to buy the shares.
At December 31, 2024, 4,360,087 common shares were authorized for issuance from treasury under the ESP. At December 31, 2024 and
2023, there were 1,239,411 and 1,077,613 unvested employer ESP contributions, respectively.




57 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
RSUs/PSUs
RSUs/PSUs are granted to executives and other eligible employees. Dividends in the form of additional RSUs/PSUs are credited to the
participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. Executives
and other eligible employees are granted a specific number of RSUs/PSUs for a given performance period based mainly on their level and
position. RSUs/PSUs vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant and if performance objectives are met for
PSUs, as determined by the board of directors.
The following table summarizes RSUs/PSUs outstanding at December 31, 2024 and 2023.

Number of RSUs/PSUs                                                                                                                        2024           2023
Outstanding, January 1                                                                                                                3,412,812      3,124,187
Granted(1)                                                                                                                            1,236,690      1,125,502
Dividends credited                                                                                                                      284,530        213,427
Settled                                                                                                                              (1,296,656)      (957,402)
Forfeited                                                                                                                               (58,476)       (92,902)
Outstanding, December 31                                                                                                              3,578,900      3,412,812
Vested, December 31(2)                                                                                                                1,090,574      1,225,815
(1) The weighted average fair value of the RSUs/PSUs granted was $50 in 2024 and $61 in 2023.
(2) The RSUs/PSUs vested on December 31, 2024 were fully settled in February 2025 with BCE common shares and/or DSUs.

DSUs
Eligible bonuses and RSUs may be paid in the form of DSUs when executives or other eligible employees elect or are required to participate
in the plan. The value of a DSU at the issuance date is equal to the value of one BCE common share. For non-management directors,
compensation is paid in DSUs until the minimum share ownership requirement is met; thereafter, at least 50% of their compensation is paid
in DSUs. There are no vesting requirements relating to DSUs. Dividends in the form of additional DSUs are credited to the participant’s
account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. DSUs are settled when
the holder leaves the company.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were 3,560,305 and 3,573,182 DSUs outstanding, respectively.

Stock options
Under BCE’s long-term incentive plans, BCE may grant options to executives to buy BCE common shares. The subscription price of a grant
is based on the higher of:
• the volume-weighted average of the trading price on the trading day immediately prior to the effective date of the grant
• the volume-weighted average of the trading price for the last five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to
    the effective date of the grant
At December 31, 2024, in addition to the stock options outstanding, 5,434,793 common shares were authorized for issuance under these
plans. Options vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant. All options become exercisable when they vest
and can be exercised for a period of seven years from the date of grant for options granted prior to 2019 and ten years from the date of
grant for options granted since 2019.
The following table summarizes stock options outstanding at December 31, 2024 and 2023.

                                                                                                              2024                            2023
                                                                                                                  Weighted                          Weighted
                                                                                                                    average                           average
                                                                                                    Number of exercise price          Number of exercise price
                                                                                          Note        options             ($)           options             ($)
Outstanding, January 1                                                                               7,484,561               61       7,802,108            61
Exercised(1)                                                                                 30             —                n.a.      (306,139)           60
Forfeited or expired                                                                                  (938,742)              59          (11,408)          63
Outstanding and exercisable, December 31                                                             6,545,819               61       7,484,561            61
(1) There were no stock options exercised in 2024. The weighted average market share price for stock options exercised in 2023 was $63.




                                                                                                                                                             58
The following table provides additional information about BCE’s stock option plans at December 31, 2024 and 2023.

                                                                                                    Stock options outstanding
                                                                                      2024                                              2023
                                                                                 Weighted        Weighted                           Weighted        Weighted
                                                                                   average         average                            average         average
                                                                              remaining life exercise price                      remaining life exercise price
Range of exercise prices                                              Number        (years)              ($)             Number        (years)              ($)
$50-$59                                                             3,390,928             3             58             4,291,180             3             58
$60 & above                                                         3,154,891             5             65             3,193,381             6             65
                                                                    6,545,819             4             61             7,484,561             4             61




Note 32 Additional cash flow information
The following table provides a reconciliation of changes in assets and liabilities arising from financing activities.

                                                                                      Debt due
                                                                                     within one Derivative to
                                                                                      year and hedge foreign
                                                                                     long-term currency on             Dividends             Other
                                                                           Note            debt       debt (1)           payable      liabilities (2)         Total
January 1, 2024                                                                          36,177             (153)            910                78          37,012
Cash flows from (used in) financing activities
  Increase in notes payable                                                               1,817              128               —                 —           1,945
  Issue of long-term debt                                                                 3,834               —                —                 —           3,834
  Repayment of supplier finance arrangements (2)                                            (78)              —                —                 —             (78)
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                            (3,289)              64               —                 —          (3,225)
  Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                         —                —            (3,800)               —          (3,800)
  Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
     interests                                                               36               —               —               (68)               —             (68)
  Other financing activities                                                                 (27)             —                —                 (4)           (31)
Total cash flows from (used in) financing activities
excluding equity                                                                          2,257              192           (3,868)               (4)        (1,423)

Non-cash changes arising from
  Increase in lease liabilities                                                              774              —                —                 —             774
 Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                            —               —             3,827                —           3,827
 Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling
     interests                                                                               —                —                68               —               68
 Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                987             (987)              —                —               —
  Business acquisitions                                                       4             120               —                —                —              120
 Reclassification to liabilities held for sale                               16             (10)              —                —                —              (10)
 Additions to supplier finance arrangements                                                  58               —                —                —               58
 Other                                                                                      141              (27)              (4)             (69)             41
Total non-cash changes                                                                    2,070           (1,014)           3,891              (69)          4,878
December 31, 2024                                                                        40,504             (975)            933                  5         40,467
(1) Included in Other current assets, Other non-current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial
    position.
(2) Included in Repayment of long-term debt in the statements of cash flows.




59 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                                           Debt due
                                                                                          within one Derivative to
                                                                                           year and hedge foreign
                                                                                          long-term currency on              Dividends             Other
                                                                               Note           debt(1)      debt (2)            payable         liabilities     Total
January 1, 2023                                                                              31,920              (307)             867              253      32,733
Cash flows from (used in) financing activities
  Decrease in notes payable                                                                     (646)                —              —                —         (646)
  Issue of long-term debt                                                                      5,195                 —              —                —        5,195
  Repayment of supplier finance arrangements (3)                                                 (81)                —              —                —          (81)
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                                 (1,777)                —              —                —       (1,777)
  Repurchase of financial liability                                                               —                  —              —              (149)       (149)
  Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                              —                  —          (3,668)              —       (3,668)
  Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
      interests                                                                    36             —                  —              (47)              —         (47)
  Other financing activities                                                                     (24)                —               —                —         (24)
Total cash flows from (used in) financing activities
  excluding equity                                                                             2,667                 —          (3,715)            (149)     (1,197)

Non-cash changes arising from
 Increase in lease liabilities                                                                 1,562                 —              —                 —       1,562
 Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                                —                  —           3,717                —       3,717
 Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling
    interests                                                                                     —                —                  47              —         47
 Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                    (169)             169                 —               —         —
 Business acquisitions                                                              4              5               —                  —               —          5
 Business disposition                                                               4            (93)              —                  —               —        (93)
 Reclassification to liabilities held for sale                                     16             (7)              —                  —               —         (7)
 Additions to supplier finance arrangements                                                       68               —                  —               —         68
 Other                                                                                           224              (15)                (6)            (26)      177
Total non-cash changes                                                                        1,590               154            3,758               (26)     5,476
December 31, 2023                                                                            36,177              (153)             910                78     37,012
(1) We have reclassified amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation for the current period.
(2) Included in Other current assets, Other non-current assets and Trade payables and other liabilities in the statements of financial position.
(3) Included in Repayment of long-term debt in the statements of cash flows.




Note 33 Remaining performance obligations
The following table shows revenues expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or
partially unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2024.

                                                          2025              2026             2027             2028              2029          Thereafter       Total
Bell CTS                                                 2,944            1,663               657              314              132                 425       6,135

When estimating minimum transaction prices allocated to the remaining unfulfilled, or partially unfulfilled, performance obligations, BCE
applied the practical expedient to not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have an original expected duration
of one year or less and for those contracts where we bill the same value as that which is transferred to the customer.




                                                                                                                                                                  60
Note 34 Commitments and contingencies
Commitments
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2024 that are due in each of the next five years and
thereafter.

                                                  2025           2026          2027          2028           2029     Thereafter         Total
Commitments for property, plant and
   equipment and intangible assets               1,747         1,133           589            304           307          1,109         5,189
Purchase obligations                               711           617           381            257           240            612         2,818
Planned acquisition of Ziply Fiber               7,000            —             —              —             —              —          7,000
Leases committed not yet commenced                   6             1            —              —             —              —              7
Total                                            9,464         1,751           970            561           547          1,721        15,014

Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include program and feature film rights and investments to
expand and update our networks to meet customer demand.
Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product contracts for operating expenditures and other purchase
obligations.
On November 4, 2024, BCE announced that Bell Canada had entered into an agreement to acquire Ziply Fiber, the leading fibre Internet
provider in the Pacific Northwest of the United States, for approximately $3.65 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $5 billion in Canadian
dollars) in cash and the assumption of outstanding net debt of approximately $1.45 billion in U.S. dollars (approximately $2 billion in
Canadian dollars) to be rolled over at transaction close, representing a transaction value of approximately $5.1 billion in U.S. dollars
(approximately $7 billion in Canadian dollars). The transaction is subject to certain customary closing conditions and the receipt of certain
regulatory approvals including the Federal Communications Commission and approvals by state Public Utilities Commissions and, as such,
there can be no assurance that the transaction will ultimately be consummated. The proposed acquisition is expected to close in the second
half of 2025.
Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include real estate, OOH advertising spaces and fibre use. These leases are non-
cancellable.

Contingencies
As part of its ongoing review of wholesale Internet rates, on October 6, 2016, the Canadian Radiotelevision and Telecommunications
Commission (CRTC) significantly reduced, on an interim basis, some of the wholesale rates that Bell Canada and other major providers
charge for access by third-party Internet resellers to fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) or cable networks, as applicable. On August 15, 2019, the
CRTC further reduced the wholesale rates that Internet resellers pay to access network infrastructure built by facilities-based providers like
Bell Canada, with retroactive effect back to March 2016.
The August 2019 decision was stayed, first by the Federal Court of Appeal and then by the CRTC, with the result that it never came into
effect. In response to review and vary applications filed by each of Bell Canada, five major cable carriers (Cogeco Communications Inc.,
Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Shaw Communications Inc. and Videotron Ltée) and Telus
Communications Inc., the CRTC issued Decision 2021-181 on May 27, 2021, which mostly reinstated the rates prevailing prior to August
2019 with some reductions to the Bell Canada rates with retroactive effect to March 2016. As a result, in Q2 2021, we recorded a reduction
in revenue of $44 million in our income statements.
While there remains a requirement to refund monies to third-party Internet resellers, the establishment of final wholesale rates that are
similar to those prevailing since 2019 reduces the impact of the CRTC’s long-running review of wholesale Internet rates. The largest reseller,
TekSavvy Solutions Inc. (TekSavvy), obtained leave to appeal the CRTC’s decision of May 27, 2021 before the Federal Court of Appeal. On
July 22, 2024, the Federal Court of Appeal issued a decision rejecting TekSavvy’s appeal of Decision 2021-181 pursuant to which the CRTC
had, in May 2021, mostly reinstated wholesale Internet rates prevailing prior to August 2019. On September 30, 2024, TekSavvy sought
leave to appeal that decision to the Supreme Court of Canada. The decision was also challenged in three petitions brought by TekSavvy, the
Canadian Network Operators Consortium Inc. and National Capital Freenet before Cabinet, but on May 26, 2022, Cabinet announced it
would not alter the decision.
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other
relief. In particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class actions pursuant to which substantial
monetary damages may be claimed. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot predict the final outcome
or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and based on information currently available and management’s
assessment of the merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 6, 2025, management believes that the ultimate resolution
of these claims and legal proceedings is unlikely to have




61 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
a material and negative effect on our financial statements. We believe that we have strong defences and we intend to vigorously defend our
positions.



Note 35 Related party transactions
Subsidiaries
The following table shows BCE’s significant subsidiaries at December 31, 2024. BCE has other subsidiaries which have not been included
in the table as each represents less than 10% individually and less than 20% in aggregate of total consolidated revenues.
All of these significant subsidiaries are incorporated in Canada and provide services to each other in the normal course of operations. The
value of these transactions is eliminated on consolidation.

                                                                                                                Ownership percentage
Subsidiary                                                                                                            2024           2023
Bell Canada                                                                                                          100 %          100 %
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                                   100 %          100 %
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                                      100 %          100 %


Transactions with joint arrangements and associates
During 2024 and 2023, BCE provided communication services and received programming content and other services in the normal course
of business on an arm’s length basis to and from its joint arrangements and associates. Our joint arrangements and associates include
MLSE, Glentel Inc. and Dome Productions Partnership. From time to time, BCE may be required to make capital contributions in its
investments.
In 2024, BCE recognized revenues and incurred expenses with our joint arrangements and associates of $9 million (2023 – $12 million) and
$150 million (2023 – $200 million), respectively.

BCE Master Trust Fund
Bimcor Inc. (Bimcor), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bell Canada, is the administrator of the Master Trust Fund. Bimcor recognized
management fees of $14 million for 2024 and $15 million for 2023 from the Master Trust Fund. The details of BCE’s post-employment
benefit plans are set out in Note 27, Post-employment benefit plans.

Compensation of key management personnel
The following table includes compensation of key management personnel for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 included in our
income statements. Key management personnel have the authority and responsibility for overseeing, planning, directing and controlling our
business activities and consists of our Board of Directors and our Executive Leadership Team.

For the year ended December 31                                                                                         2024            2023
Wages, salaries, fees and related taxes and benefits                                                                    (19)           (28)
Post-employment benefit plans and OPEBs cost                                                                             (3)            (3)
Share-based compensation                                                                                                (26)           (30)
Key management personnel compensation expense                                                                           (48)           (61)




                                                                                                                                         62
Note 36 Significant partly-owned subsidiary
The following tables show summarized financial information for our subsidiary with significant non-controlling interest (NCI).

Summarized statements of financial position
                                                                                                                                           CTV Specialty(1) (2)
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                  2024               2023
Current assets                                                                                                                                  423                 466
Non-current assets                                                                                                                              733                 941
Total assets                                                                                                                                  1,156               1,407
Current liabilities                                                                                                                             164                153
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                          92                239
Total liabilities                                                                                                                               256                392
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                                   631                707
NCI                                                                                                                                             269                308
(1) At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the ownership interest held by NCI in CTV Specialty Television Inc. (CTV Specialty) was 29.9%. CTV Specialty was incorporated
    and operated in Canada as at such dates.
(2) CTV Specialty's net assets at December 31, 2024 and 2023 include nil and $7 million, respectively, directly attributable to NCI.

Selected income and cash flow information
                                                                                                                                             CTV Specialty(1)
For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                 2024                2023
Operating revenues                                                                                                                              991                969
Net earnings                                                                                                                                    100                209
Net earnings attributable to NCI                                                                                                                 31                 65
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                      108                196
Total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                                                                                                   34                 61
Cash dividends paid to NCI                                                                                                                       68                 47
(1) CTV Specialty's net earnings and total comprehensive income include $2 million and $3 million directly attributable to NCI for 2024 and 2023, respectively.




63 BCE Inc. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                Exhibit 99.4

Reports on internal controls




Reports on internal controls
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The management of BCE Inc. (BCE) is responsible for establishing and                       Based on that evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control       Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal
over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the                control over financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2024. There were
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief           no material weaknesses that have been identified by BCE’s management in internal
Financial Officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other             control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2024.
personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external               Our internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2024 has been
purposes in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by the                    audited by Deloitte LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, who also
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                                           audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2024. Deloitte LLP issued an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal
Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not         control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2024.
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because            (signed) Mirko Bibic
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or            President and Chief Executive Officer
procedures may deteriorate.
Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief           (signed) Curtis Millen
Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as   Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
at December 31, 2024, based on the criteria established in Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).                                           (signed) Thierry Chaumont
                                                                                           Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
                                                                                           March 6, 2025


110     BCE INC. 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Reports on internal controls


Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on internal control over                                                     Definition and limitations of internal control
financial reporting                                                                  over financial reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of BCE Inc. and        A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria              reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the          preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In          generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal    reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria          of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
established in Internal Control –Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.         dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
                                                                                     transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company         in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial       expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
statements as at and for the year ended December 31, 2024, of the Company and        of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
our report dated March 6, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on those            assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
financial statements.                                                                or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
                                                                                     financial statements.
Basis for opinion
                                                                                     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal           prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of      to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying              because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our                or procedures may deteriorate.
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company        /s/ Deloitte LLP
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and     Chartered Professional Accountants
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
                                                                                     Montréal, Canada
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those          March 6, 2025
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

                                                                                                                                                                          111
                                                                                                              Exhibit 99.5


CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-12130 on Form F-3, Registration Statement
No. 333-283289 on Form F-3D, Registration Statements Nos. 333-279247 and 333-279247-01 on Form F-10, Registration
Statements Nos. 333-284730 and 333-284730-01 on Form F-10, and Registration Statements Nos. 333-12780 and 333-12802
on Form S-8, and to the use of our reports dated March 6, 2025, relating to the financial statements of BCE Inc. (the
“Company”) and the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report
on Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2024.

/s/ Deloitte LLP
Chartered Professional Accountants
Montréal, Canada
March 7, 2025
                                                                                                                   Exhibit 99.6

                                         NOTICE OF RELIANCE
                             SECTION 13.4 OF NATIONAL INSTRUMENT 51-102
                               CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS

To:   Alberta Securities Commission
      British Columbia Securities Commission
      Manitoba Securities Commission
      Financial and Consumer Services Commission, New Brunswick
      Office of the Superintendent of Securities, Newfoundland and Labrador
      Nova Scotia Securities Commission
      Ontario Securities Commission
      Department of Justice and Public Safety, Financial and Consumer Services Division, Prince Edward Island
      Autorité des marchés financiers
      Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of Saskatchewan
      Toronto Stock Exchange

Notice is hereby given that Bell Canada relies on the continuous disclosure documents filed by BCE Inc. pursuant to the
exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations (“NI 51-102”) provided
in Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.


The continuous disclosure documents of BCE Inc. can be found for viewing in electronic format at www.sedarplus.ca.


Attached to this notice and forming part thereof is the consolidating summary financial information for BCE Inc. as required by
Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.



Dated: March 7, 2025

                                                                            BELL CANADA


                                                                            By:    (signed) Thierry Chaumont
                                                                            Name: Thierry Chaumont
                                                                            Title: Senior Vice-President,
                                                                                   Controller and Tax
      BELL CANADA

UNAUDITED SELECTED SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (1)
For the periods ended December 31, 2024 and 2023
(in millions of Canadian dollars)


BCE Inc. fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment obligations of its 100% owned subsidiary Bell Canada under the
public debt issued by Bell Canada. Accordingly, the following summary financial information is provided by Bell Canada in
compliance with the requirements of section 13.4 of National Instrument 51-102 (Continuous Disclosure Obligations)
providing for an exemption for certain credit support issuers. The tables below contain selected summary financial information
for (i) BCE Inc. (as credit supporter), (ii) Bell Canada (as credit support issuer) on a consolidated basis, (iii) BCE Inc.’s
subsidiaries, other than Bell Canada, on a combined basis, (iv) consolidating adjustments, and (v) BCE Inc. and all of its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case for the periods indicated. Such summary financial information for BCE Inc.
and Bell Canada and all other subsidiaries is intended to provide investors with meaningful and comparable financial
information about BCE Inc. and its subsidiaries. This summary financial information should be read in conjunction with BCE
Inc.’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.


For the periods ended December 31:

                                                   BCE INC.                   BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                  SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.               CONSOLIDATING               BCE INC.
                                           (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”) (2)            (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)               OTHER THAN BELL CANADA (3)              ADJUSTMENTS (4)           CONSOLIDATED
                                                  2024              2023                2024                 2023                2024                2023         2024         2023       2024        2023
Operating revenues                                  —                 —               24,409               24,673                  —                   —            —            —       24,409      24,673
Net earnings from continuing
 operations attributable to owners                  344            2,263                  996               2,858                 162                 157      (1,158)      (3,015)         344       2,263
Net earnings attributable to owners                 344            2,263                  996               2,858                 162                 157      (1,158)      (3,015)         344       2,263


As at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively:

                                        BCE INC.                    BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                   SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.                  CONSOLIDATING                   BCE INC.
                                (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”) (2)             (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)                OTHER THAN BELL CANADA (3)                 ADJUSTMENTS (4)               CONSOLIDATED
                                    Dec. 31,          Dec. 31,             Dec. 31,             Dec. 31,            Dec. 31,             Dec. 31,      Dec. 31,       Dec. 31,        Dec. 31,     Dec. 31,
                                       2024              2023                 2024                 2023               2024                 2023           2024           2023            2024         2023
Total Current Assets                    711               772               12,409               10,472                 146                  646        (4,343)        (3,992)          8,923        7,898
Total Non-current Assets             21,495            23,307               57,915               57,655                   21                   21      (14,869)       (16,941)         64,562       64,042
Total Current Liabilities             5,022             3,521               14,086               12,496                  81                   81        (4,343)        (3,991)         14,846       12,107
Total Non-current Liabilities           113               329               40,603               38,378                   —                    —            563            569         41,279       39,276

(1)   The summary financial information is prepared in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards and is in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles issued by the Canadian Accounting
      Standards Board for publicly-accountable enterprises.
(2)   This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. under the equity method.
(3)   This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. (other than Bell Canada) on a consolidated basis.
(4)   This column includes the necessary amounts to eliminate the intercompany balances between BCE Inc., Bell Canada and other subsidiaries and other adjustments to arrive at the information for BCE Inc. on
      a consolidated basis.
                                                                                          EXHIBIT 99.7

                                              BCE Inc.

                   EXHIBIT TO 2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                     EARNINGS COVERAGE

The following consolidated financial ratios are calculated for the twelve months ended December 31,
2024, give effect to the issuance and redemption of all long-term debt since January 1, 2024 as if these
transactions occurred on January 1, 2024, and are based on unaudited financial information of BCE Inc.

                                                                                   December 31, 2024

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net
earnings attributable to owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense and
income tax:                                                                                   1.3 times

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net
earnings attributable to owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense,
income tax and non-controlling interest:                                                      1.3 times
                                                                                                                    Exhibit 99.31
                                                      CERTIFICATIONS

I, Mirko Bibic, certify that:

    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
       fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
       misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
       present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for,
       the periods presented in this report;

    4. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
       procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
       (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

             a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its
                consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
                in which this report is being prepared;

             b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
                reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
                generally accepted accounting principles;

             c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
                covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

             d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
                during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                materially affect, the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting; and
   5. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
      over financial reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):

           a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
              financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process,
              summarize and report financial information; and

           b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
              in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 7, 2025

(signed) Mirko Bibic
Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                      CERTIFICATIONS

I, Curtis Millen, certify that:

    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
       fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
       misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
       present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for,
       the periods presented in this report;

    4. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
       procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
       (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

             a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its
                consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
                in which this report is being prepared;

             b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
                reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
                generally accepted accounting principles;

             c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
                covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

             d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
                during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                materially affect, the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting; and
   5. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
      over financial reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):

           a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
              financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process,
              summarize and report financial information; and

           b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
              in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 7, 2025

(signed) Curtis Millen
Curtis Millen
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                                                                               Exhibit 99.32

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
                            THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of BCE Inc. (the “Company”), does hereby
certify that:

the annual report on Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2024 of the Company (the “Form 40-F”) fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form
40-F fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


Date: March 7, 2025                                    (signed) Mirko Bibic
                                                       Mirko Bibic
                                                       President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                       BCE Inc.


Date: March 7, 2025                                    (signed) Curtis Millen
                                                       Curtis Millen
                                                       Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
                                                       BCE Inc.
