Fiscal 2024
results
Contents   1		 Management’s Discussion
               and Analysis

           71		 Management’s and
                Auditors’ Reports

           76		 Consolidated
                Financial Statements

           138 Shareholder Information
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
November 6, 2024


BASIS OF PRESENTATION
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Position and Results of Operations (MD&A) is a responsibility of
management and has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. This MD&A has been prepared in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the Canadian Securities Administrators. The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for
reviewing and approving the MD&A. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility mainly through its Audit and Risk
Management Committee, which is appointed by the Board of Directors and is comprised entirely of independent and financially
literate directors.

Throughout this document, CGI Inc. is referred to as “CGI”, “we”, “us”, “our” or “Company”. This MD&A provides information
management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial
condition of the Company. This document should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. CGI’s accounting policies are in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS Accounting Standards) as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IASB). All dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.

MATERIALITY OF DISCLOSURES
This MD&A includes information we believe is material to investors. We consider something to be material if it results in, or
would reasonably be expected to result in, a significant change in the market price or value of our shares, or if it is likely that a
reasonable investor would consider the information to be important in making an investment decision.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This MD&A contains “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other applicable
United States safe harbours. All such forward-looking information and statements are made and disclosed in reliance upon the
safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian and United States securities laws. Forward-looking information and statements
include all information and statements regarding CGI’s intentions, plans, expectations, beliefs, objectives, future performance,
and strategy, as well as any other information or statements that relate to future events or circumstances and which do not
directly and exclusively relate to historical facts. Forward-looking information and statements often but not always use words
such as “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “anticipate”, “foresee”, “plan”, “predict”, “project”, “aim”, “seek”, “strive”,
“potential”, “continue”, “target”, “may”, “might”, “could”, “should”, and similar expressions and variations thereof. These
information and statements are based on our perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future
developments, as well as other assumptions, both general and specific, that we believe are appropriate in the circumstances.
Such information and statements are, however, by their very nature, subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, of which many
are beyond the control of the Company, and which give rise to the possibility that actual results could differ materially from our
expectations expressed in, or implied by, such forward-looking information or forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include but are not restricted to: risks related to the market such as the level of business activity of our clients,
which is affected by economic and political conditions, additional external risks (such as pandemics, armed conflict, climate-
related issues and inflation) and our ability to negotiate new contracts; risks related to our industry such as competition and our
ability to develop and expand our services to address emerging business demands and technology trends (such as artificial
intelligence), to penetrate new markets, and to protect our intellectual property rights; risks related to our business such as
risks associated with our growth strategy, including the integration of new operations, financial and operational risks inherent in
worldwide operations, foreign exchange risks, income tax laws and other tax programs, the termination, modification, delay or
suspension of our contractual agreements, our expectations regarding future revenue resulting from bookings and backlog, our
ability to attract and retain qualified employees, to negotiate favourable contractual terms, to deliver our services and to collect
receivables, to disclose, manage and implement environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives and standards, and to
achieve ESG commitments and targets, including without limitation, our commitment to net-zero carbon emissions, as well as
the reputational and financial risks attendant to cybersecurity breaches and other incidents, including through the use of
artificial intelligence, and financial risks such as liquidity needs and requirements, maintenance of financial ratios, our ability to

© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page      1
2 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




declare and pay dividends, interest rate fluctuations and changes in creditworthiness and credit ratings; as well as other risks
identified or incorporated by reference in this MD&A and in other documents that we make public, including our filings with the
Canadian Securities Administrators (on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (on
EDGAR at www.sec.gov). Unless otherwise stated, the forward-looking information and statements contained in this MD&A are
made as of the date hereof and CGI disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
information or forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as
required by applicable law. While we believe that our assumptions on which these forward-looking information and forward-
looking statements are based were reasonable as at the date of this MD&A, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking information or statements. Furthermore, readers are reminded that forward-looking information and
statements are presented for the sole purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives, strategic
priorities and business outlook as well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned that such information
may not be appropriate for other purposes. Further information on the risks that could cause our actual results to differ
significantly from our current expectations may be found in section 10 - Risk Environment, which is incorporated by reference
in this cautionary statement. We also caution readers that the risks described in the previously mentioned section and in other
sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or
that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse effect on our financial position, financial
performance, cash flows, business or reputation.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page   2
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 3
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES
The reader should note that the Company reports its financial results in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.
However, we use a combination of GAAP, non-GAAP and supplementary financial measures and ratios to assess the
Company’s performance. The non-GAAP measures used in this MD&A do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by
IFRS Accounting Standards and are therefore unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.
These measures should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information
prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

The table below summarizes our most relevant key performance measures:

 Growth             Revenue prior to foreign currency impact (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue before foreign
                    currency translation impacts. This is calculated by translating current period results in local currency
                    using the conversion rates in the equivalent period from the prior year. Given that we have a strong
                    presence globally and are affected by most major international currencies, management believes that it is
                    helpful to adjust revenue to exclude the impact of currency fluctuations to facilitate period-to-period
                    comparisons of business performance and that this measure is useful for investors for the same reason.
                    A reconciliation of the revenue prior to foreign currency impact to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards
                    measure can be found in sections 3.4. and 5.4. of the present document.
                    Constant currency revenue growth (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue growth before foreign
                    currency translation impacts. This is calculated by translating current period results in local currency
                    using the conversion rates in the equivalent period from the prior year. Management believes its use of
                    this measure is helpful for investors to facilitate period-to-period comparisons of our business growth.
                    Bookings – are new binding contractual agreements including wins, extensions and renewals. In
                    addition, our bookings are comprised of committed spend and estimates from management that are
                    subject to change, including demand-driven usage, such as volume-based and time and material
                    contracts, as well as price indexation and option years. Management evaluates factors such as prices
                    and past history to support its estimates. Management believes that it is a key indicator of the volume of
                    our business over time and potential future revenue and that it is useful trend information to investors for
                    the same reason. Information regarding our bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted
                    for, an analysis of our revenue. Additional information on bookings can be found in sections 3.1. and 5.1.
                    of the present document.
                    Backlog – includes bookings, backlog acquired through business acquisitions, backlog consumed during
                    the period as a result of client work performed as well as the impact of foreign currencies to our existing
                    contracts. Backlog incorporates estimates from management that are subject to change and are mainly
                    driven from bookings. Backlog is adjusted when there are reductions in contractual commitments,
                    resulting from client decisions, such as contract terminations. Management tracks this measure as it is a
                    key indicator of our best estimate of contracted revenue to be realized in the future and believes that this
                    measure is useful trend information to investors for the same reason.
                    Book-to-bill ratio – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings to our revenue in the
                    quarter. This metric allows management to monitor the Company’s business development efforts during
                    the quarter to grow our backlog and our business over time and management believes that this measure
                    is useful for investors for the same reason.
                    Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve months – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings
                    to our revenue over the last trailing twelve-month period as management believes that monitoring the
                    Company's bookings over a longer period is a more representative measure as the services and contract
                    type, size and timing of bookings could cause this measurement to fluctuate significantly if taken for only
                    a three-month period and as such is useful for investors for the same reason. Management's objective is
                    to maintain a target ratio greater than 100% over a trailing twelve-month period.



© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page     3
4 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




 Profitability    Specific items – include acquisition-related and integration costs and the cost optimization program.
                  Acquisition-related costs mainly include third-party professional fees incurred to close acquisitions.
                  Integration costs are mainly comprised of expenses due to redundancy of employment and contractual
                  agreements, cancellation of acquired leased premises and costs related to the integration towards the
                  CGI operating model. The cost optimization program mainly includes costs related to termination of
                  employment and vacated leased premises.
                  Earnings before income taxes – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders before income
                  taxes.
                  Earnings before income taxes margin – is obtained by dividing our earnings before income taxes by
                  our revenues. Management believes a percentage of revenue measure is meaningful for better
                  comparability from period-to-period.
                  Adjusted EBIT (non-GAAP) – is a measure of earnings excluding specific items, net finance costs and
                  income tax expense. Management believes its use of this measure, which excludes items that are non-
                  related to day-to-day operations, such as the impact of specific items, capital structure and income taxes,
                  is helpful to investors to better evaluate the Company's core operating performance. This measure also
                  allows for better comparability from period-to-period and trend analysis. A reconciliation of the adjusted
                  EBIT to its closest IFRS Accounting Standard measure can be found in sections 3.6. and 5.6. of the
                  present document.
                  Adjusted EBIT margin (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our adjusted EBIT by our revenues.
                  Management believes its use of this measure, which evaluates our core operating performance before
                  specific items, capital structure and income taxes when compared to our revenues, is relevant to
                  investors for better comparability from period-to-period. This measure demonstrates the Company's
                  ability to grow in a cost-effective manner, executing on our Build and Buy strategy. A reconciliation of the
                  adjusted EBIT to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards measure can be found in sections 3.6. and 5.6.
                  of the present document.
                  Net earnings – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders.
                  Net earnings margin – is obtained by dividing our net earnings by our revenues. Management believes
                  a percentage of revenue measure is meaningful for better comparability from period-to-period.
                  Diluted earnings per share (diluted EPS) – is a measure of net earnings generated for shareholders on
                  a per share basis, assuming all dilutive elements are exercised. See note 21 of our audited consolidated
                  financial statements for additional information on earnings per share.
                  Net earnings excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is a measure of net earnings excluding
                  acquisition-related and integration costs and the cost optimization program. Management believes its use
                  of this measure best demonstrates to investors the net earnings generated from our day-to-day
                  operations by excluding specific items, for better comparability from period-to-period. A reconciliation of
                  the net earnings excluding specific items to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards measure can be found
                  in sections 3.8.3. and 5.6.1. of the present document.
                  Net earnings margin excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our net earnings
                  excluding specific items by our revenues. Management believes its use of this measure, which evaluates
                  our core operating performance when compared to our revenues, is relevant to investors to assess their
                  returns and for better comparability from period-to-period. This measure demonstrates the Company's
                  ability to grow in a cost-effective manner, executing on our Build and Buy strategy. A reconciliation of the
                  net earnings excluding specific items to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards measure can be found in
                  sections 3.8.3. and 5.6.1. of the present document.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page     4
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 5
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




                     Diluted earnings per share excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is defined as the net earnings
                     excluding specific items on a per share basis. Management believes its use of this measure is useful for
                     investors as excluding specific items best reflects the Company's ongoing operating performance on a
                     per share basis and allows for better comparability from period-to-period. The diluted earnings per share
                     reported in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards can be found in sections 3.8. and 5.6. of the
                     present document while the basic and diluted earnings per share excluding specific items can be found in
                     sections 3.8.3. and 5.6.1. of the present document.
                     Effective tax rate excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our income tax
                     expense by earnings before income taxes, before specific items. Management believes its use of this
                     measure allows for better comparability from period-to-period of its effective tax rate on its operations,
                     and is useful for investors for the same reason. A reconciliation of the effective tax rate excluding specific
                     items to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards measure can be found in sections 3.8.3. and 5.6.1. of the
                     present document.
 Liquidity           Cash provided by operating activities – is a measure of cash generated from managing our day-to-
                     day business operations. Management believes strong operating cash flow is indicative of financial
                     flexibility, allowing us to execute the Company's growth strategy.
                     Cash provided by operating activities as a percentage of revenue – is obtained by dividing our cash
                     provided by operating activities by our revenues. Management believes strong operating cash flow
                     compared to our revenues is a key indicator of our financial flexibility to execute the Company's growth
                     strategy.
                     Days sales outstanding (DSO) – is the average number of days needed to convert our trade
                     receivables and work in progress into cash. DSO is obtained by subtracting deferred revenue from trade
                     accounts receivable and work in progress; the result is divided by our most recent quarter’s revenue over
                     90 days. Management tracks this metric closely to ensure timely collection and healthy liquidity.
                     Management believes that this measure is useful for investors as it demonstrates the Company's ability
                     to timely convert its trade receivables and work in progress into cash.
 Capital Structure Net debt (non-GAAP) – is obtained by subtracting from our debt and lease liabilities, our cash and cash
                   equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments and adjusting for fair value of foreign
                   currency derivative financial instruments related to debt. Management believes its use of the net debt
                   metric to monitor the Company's financial leverage is useful for investors as it provides insight into its
                   financial strength. A reconciliation of net debt to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards measure can be
                   found in section 4.5. of the present document.
                     Net debt to capitalization ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of our level of financial leverage and is
                     obtained by dividing the net debt by the sum of shareholders' equity and net debt. Management believes
                     its use of the net debt to capitalization ratio is useful for investors as it monitors the proportion of debt
                     versus capital used to finance the Company's operations.
                     Return on invested capital (ROIC) (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the Company’s efficiency at
                     allocating the capital under its control to profitable investments and is calculated as the proportion of the
                     net earnings excluding net finance costs after-tax for the last twelve months, over the last four quarters'
                     average invested capital, which is defined as the sum of shareholders' equity and net debt. Management
                     believes its use of this ratio is useful for investors as it assesses how well it is using its capital to
                     generate returns.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page      5
6 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




REPORTING SEGMENTS
The Company is managed through the following nine operating segments: Western and Southern Europe (primarily France,
Spain and Portugal); United States (U.S.) Commercial and State Government; Canada; U.S. Federal; Scandinavia and Central
Europe (Germany, Sweden and Norway); United Kingdom (U.K.) and Australia; Finland, Poland and Baltics; Northwest and
Central-East Europe (primarily Netherlands, Denmark and Czech Republic); and Asia Pacific Global Delivery Centers of
Excellence (mainly India and Philippines) (Asia Pacific).

Effective October 1, 2023, as part of the Cost Optimization Program (see section 3.6.2. of the present document), the
Company centralized some internal administrative activities under a corporate function, which were previously presented in
revenue under the Asia Pacific segment. The Company has restated the Asia Pacific segmented information for the
comparative period to conform with this change.

See sections 3.4., 3.7., 5.4. and 5.5. of the present document and to note 29 of our audited consolidated financial statements
for additional information on our segments.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page     6
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 7
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




MD&A OBJECTIVES AND CONTENTS
In this document, we:
      •      Provide a narrative explanation of the audited consolidated financial statements through the eyes of management;
      •      Provide the context within which the audited consolidated financial statements should be analyzed, by giving
             enhanced disclosure about the dynamics and trends of the Company’s business; and
      •      Provide information to assist the reader in ascertaining the likelihood that past performance may be indicative of
             future performance.
In order to achieve these objectives, this MD&A is presented in the following main sections:

 Section                              Contents                                                                              Pages

 1.       Corporate                   1.1.   About CGI                                                                        9

          Overview                    1.2.   Vision and Strategy                                                              10

                                      1.3.   Competitive Environment                                                          12

 2.       Highlights and Key          2.1.   Selected Yearly Information and Key Performance Measures                         13

          Performance                 2.2.   Stock Performance                                                                14

          Measures                    2.3.   Investment in Subsidiaries                                                       16

                                      2.4.   Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating and Notes Issuance                                16

 3.       Financial Review            3.1.   Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                                  17

                                      3.2.   Foreign Exchange                                                                 18

                                      3.3.   Revenue Distribution                                                             19

                                      3.4.   Revenue by Segment                                                               20

                                      3.5.   Operating Expenses                                                               23

                                      3.6.   Earnings Before Income Taxes                                                     24

                                      3.7.   Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                         25

                                      3.8.   Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                              27

 4.       Liquidity                   4.1.   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                            29

                                      4.2.   Capital Resources                                                                33

                                      4.3.   Contractual Obligations                                                          33

                                      4.4.   Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions                                   33

                                      4.5.   Selected Measures of Capital Resources and Liquidity                             34

                                      4.6.   Guarantees                                                                       35

                                      4.7.   Capability to Deliver Results                                                    35




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   7
8 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




 Section                         Contents                                                                           Pages
 5.    Fourth Quarter            5.1.    Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                             36

       Results                   5.2.    Foreign Exchange                                                            37

                                 5.3.    Revenue Distribution                                                        38

                                 5.4.    Revenue by Segment                                                          39

                                 5.5.    Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                    42

                                 5.6.    Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                         44
                                 5.7.    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                       46
                                 A summary of the past eight quarters' key performance measures and a
 6.    Eight Quarter Summary                                                                                         48
                                 discussion of the factors that could impact our quarterly results
 7.    Changes in Accounting     A summary of accounting standards adopted and future accounting standard
                                                                                                                     50
       Policies                  changes.
 8.    Critical Accounting       A discussion of the critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of the
                                                                                                                     52
       Estimates                 audited consolidated financial statements.
                                 A discussion of the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures
 9.    Integrity of Disclosure   and controls to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally    55
                                 is complete and reliable.

 10.   Risk Environment          10.1.   Risks and Uncertainties                                                     57

                                 10.2.   Legal Proceedings                                                           70




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                      Page   8
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




1. Corporate Overview
1.1. ABOUT CGI
Founded in 1976 and headquartered in Montréal, Canada, CGI is a leading IT and business consulting services firm with
approximately 90,250 consultants and professionals worldwide. We use the power of technology to help clients accelerate
their holistic digital transformation.
CGI has a people-centered culture, operating where our clients live and work to build trusted relationships and to advance our
shared communities. Our consultants and professionals are committed to providing actionable insights that help clients
achieve their business outcomes. CGI’s global delivery centers complement our proximity-based teams, offering clients added
options that deliver scale, innovation and delivery excellence in every engagement.
End-to-end services and solutions

CGI delivers end-to-end services that help clients achieve the highest returns on their digital investments. We call this ROI-led
digitization. Our insights-driven end-to-end services and solutions work together to help clients design, implement, run and
operate the technology critical to achieving their business strategies. Our portfolio encompasses:
      i.    Business and strategic IT consulting, and systems integration services: CGI helps clients drive sustainable
            value in critical consulting areas, including strategy, organization and change management, core operations and
            technology. Within each of these areas, our consultants also deliver a broad range of business offerings to address
            client executives' priorities, including designing and advancing strategies for the responsible use of artificial
            intelligence (AI), sustainable supply chain management, environmental, social and governance (ESG), mergers and
            acquisitions, and more. In the area of systems integration, we help clients accelerate the enterprise modernization
            of their legacy systems and adopt new technologies to drive innovation and deliver real-time and insight-driven
            customer and citizen services.
     ii.    Managed IT and business process services: Working as an extension of our clients’ organizations, we take on
            full or partial responsibility for managing their IT functions, freeing them up to focus on their strategic business
            direction. Our services enable clients to reinvest, alongside CGI, in the successful execution of their digital
            transformation roadmaps. We help them increase agility, scalability and resilience; deliver operational efficiencies,
            innovations and reduced costs; and embed security and data privacy controls. Typical services include: application
            development, modernization and maintenance; holistic enterprise digitization, automation, hybrid and cloud
            management; and business process services.
     iii.   Intellectual property (IP) business solutions: CGI's portfolio of IP solutions are highly configurable “business
            platforms as a service” that are embedded within our end-to-end service offerings and utilize integrated security,
            data privacy practices, provider-neutral cloud approaches, and advanced AI capabilities to provide immediate
            benefits to clients. We invest in, and deliver, market-leading IP to drive business outcomes within each of our target
            industries. We also collaborate with clients to build and evolve IP-based solutions while enabling a higher degree of
            flexibility and customization for their unique modernization and digitization needs.
Deep industry and technology expertise

CGI has long-standing and focused practices in all of its core industries, providing clients with a partner that is not only an
expert in IT, but also an expert in their respective industries. This combination of business knowledge and digital technology
expertise allows us to help our clients navigate complex challenges and focus on value creation. In the process, we evolve the
services and solutions we deliver within our targeted industries and provide thought leadership, blueprints, frameworks and
technical accelerators that help client evolve their ecosystems.
Our targeted industries include financial services (including banking and insurance), government (including space),
manufacturing, retail and distribution (including consumer services, transportation and logistics), communications and utilities
(including energy and media), and health (including life sciences). To help orchestrate our global posture across these
industries, our leaders regularly participate in cabinet meetings and councils to advance the strategies, services and solutions
we deliver to our clients.

© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page      9
10 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




Helping clients leverage technology to its fullest

Macro trends such as supply chain reconfiguration, climate change and energy transition, and demographic shifts including
aging populations and talent shortages require new business models and ways of working. At the same time, technology is
reshaping our future and creating new opportunities.

Accelerating digitization provides the inclusive, economically vibrant, and sustainable future our clients’ customers and citizens
demand. Leveraging technology to its fullest helps clients to lead within their industries. Our end-to-end digital services,
industry and technology expertise, and operational excellence combine to help clients advance their holistic digital
transformation.

Through our proprietary Voice of Our Clients research, we analyzed the characteristics of leading digital organizations and
found these common attributes:

     •    Strategic alignment and business agility: Digital leaders have highly agile business models to address digitization
          and are better at aligning and integrating business and IT operations to support and execute strategy.

     •    Digitization: They have mature strategies to leverage data and digitization to achieve business model resilience, are
          less challenged by legacy systems, and extend their digitization strategy to their external ecosystem.

     •    Data, automation and AI: They adopt a holistic data strategy for the enterprise and ecosystem and have a higher
          rate of being in progress with or having implemented both traditional and generative AI.

     •    Data privacy and protection: They produce greater results from their data privacy and protection strategy, which
          also extends to their external ecosystem. Their cybersecurity programs are highly mature in terms of connected
          assets.

Digital leaders across industries seek new ways to evolve their strategy and operational models and use technology and
information to improve how they operate, deliver products and services, and create value.

CGI helps clients adopt leading digital attributes and design, manage, protect and evolve their digital value chains to
accelerate business outcomes.

Quality processes

Our clients expect consistent service wherever and whenever they engage us. We have an outstanding track record of on-
time, within-budget delivery as a result of our commitment to excellence and our robust governance model - CGI's
Management Foundation.

Our Management Foundation provides a common business language, frameworks and practices for managing operations
consistently across the globe, driving continuous improvement. We also invest in rigorous quality and service delivery
standards including the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI)
certification programs, as well as a comprehensive Client Satisfaction Assessment Program, with signed client assessments,
to ensure high satisfaction on an ongoing basis.


1.2. VISION AND STRATEGY
CGI is unique compared to most companies, as our vision is based on a dream: “To create an environment in which we enjoy
working together and, as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of.” This dream has motivated us since
our founding in 1976 and drives our vision: “To be a global, world-class end-to-end IT and business consulting services leader
helping our clients succeed.”

In pursuing our dream and vision, CGI has been highly disciplined throughout its history in executing a Build and Buy profitable
growth strategy comprised of four pillars that combine profitable organic growth (Build) and accretive acquisitions (Buy):

    Pillar 1: Win, renew and extend contracts

    Pillar 2: New large managed IT and business process services contracts



© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page   10
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




These first two pillars relate to driving profitable organic growth through the pursuit of contracts with new and existing clients in
our targeted industries. As such, CGI engages with new and existing clients on four levers in our portfolio of end-to-end
services and solutions: Business and Strategic IT Consulting, Systems Integration, Managed Services and IP-based services.
Successes in these pillars reflect the strength of our end-to-end portfolio of capabilities, the depth of expertise of our
consultants in business and IT, client satisfaction in our delivery excellence, and the appreciation of the proximity model by our
clients, both existing and potential.

    Pillar 3: Metro market acquisitions

    Pillar 4: Large, transformational acquisitions

The third and fourth pillars focus on growth through accretive acquisitions. The third pillar for metro market acquisitions
complements the proximity model and helps to provide a fuller range of end-to-end services. The fourth pillar for large
transformational acquisitions helps to further expand our geographic footprint and reach the critical mass required to compete
for large managed IT and business process services contracts and broaden our client relationships. Both the third and fourth
pillars are supported by three levers. First, is our range of end-to-end services that allow us to consider a broad range of
acquisitions. A second lever is CGI's industry sector mix that helps us mirror the IT spend of each metro market over time. A
final lever across pillars three and four focuses on IP-based services firms that offer consulting services and managed services
that leverage their solutions.

CGI will continue to be a consolidator in the IT and business consulting services industry by being active across these four
pillars.

Executing our strategy

CGI’s strategy is executed through a business model that combines client proximity with an extensive global delivery network
to deliver the following benefits:

          • Local relationships and accountability: We live and work near our clients to provide a high level of
          responsiveness, partnership, and innovation. Our local consultants and professionals speak our clients' language,
          understand their business and industries, and collaborate to meet their goals and advance their business.

          • Global reach: Our local presence is complemented by an expansive global delivery network that ensures our
          clients have 24/7 access to best-fit digital capabilities and resources to meet their end-to-end needs. In addition,
          clients benefit from our unique combination of industry domain and technology expertise within our global delivery
          model.

          • Committed experts: Two of our key strategic goals are to be our clients’ partner and expert of choice. To achieve
          this, we invest in developing and recruiting professionals with extensive industry, business and in-demand technology
          expertise. Individually and collectively, each of our experts embody partnership behaviors in all they do by being
          consultative and building trusted relationships with each other, our clients, shareholders, and within our communities.
          In addition, a majority of consultants and professionals are also owners through our Share Purchase Plan, which,
          combined with the Profit Participation Plan, provide an added level of commitment to the success of our clients.

          • Everyday innovation: Our approach to client engagements is to continuously bring forward actionable insights that
          support clients’ ROI-led digitization priorities. Through our client satisfaction program, we regularly assess the degree
          to which clients find that CGI introduced applicable innovation to the engagements we deliver for them, including
          through our ideas, processes, tools and offerings. We also scale innovative solutions co-created with clients through a
          global governance model.

          • Comprehensive quality processes: CGI’s investment in quality frameworks and rigorous client satisfaction
          assessments has resulted in a consistent track record of on-time and within-budget project delivery. With regular
          reviews of engagements and transparency at all levels, the Company ensures that client objectives and its own




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   11
12 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




          quality objectives are consistently followed at all times. This thorough process enables CGI to generate continuous
          improvements for all stakeholders by applying corrective measures as soon as they are required.

          • ESG strategy: At CGI, our ESG strategy is key to contributing to our strategic goal to be recognized by our
          stakeholders as an engaged, ethical and responsible corporate citizen within our communities. Our commitments
          align with the United Nations (UN) Global Compact’s 10 principles and the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) and
          we are recognized by leading international indices, including EcoVadis, Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) and Dow
          Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI). We prioritize partnerships with clients, while also collaborating with educational
          institutions and local organizations, on three global priorities: people, communities and climate. We demonstrate our
          commitment to a sustainable world through projects delivered in collaboration with clients and through operating
          practices, supply chain management, and community service activities.


1.3. COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT
As market dynamics and industry trends continue to increase client demand for ROI-led digitization, CGI is well-positioned to
serve as a digital partner and expert of choice. We work with clients across the globe to implement digital strategies, roadmaps
and solutions that help clients transform the customer/citizen experience, drive the launch of new products and services, and
deliver efficiencies and cost savings.

CGI’s competition is comprised of a variety of firms, from local companies providing specialized services and software,
government pure-plays to global business consulting and IT services providers. All of these players are competing to deliver
some or all of the services we provide.

 Many factors distinguish the industry leaders, including the following:

      • Depth and breadth of industry and technology expertise;

      • Local presence and strength of client relationships;

      • Extensive and flexible global delivery network, including onshore, nearshore and offshore options;

      • Breadth of digital IP solutions;

      • Total cost of services and value delivered;

      • Ability to deliver practical innovation for measurable results; and

      • Consistent on-time, within-budget delivery everywhere clients operate.

CGI is one of the leaders in the industry with respect to the combination of these factors. CGI is one of few firms with the scale,
reach, and capabilities to meet clients’ enterprise business and technology needs.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page    12
                                                                                                                                     FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




2. Highlights and Key Performance Measures
2.1. SELECTED YEARLY INFORMATION & KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES
                                                                                                                                        Change               Change
    As at and for the years ended September 30,                               2024                 2023                2022            2024 / 2023          2023 / 2022
    In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
    Growth
    Revenue                                                                 14,676.2             14,296.4            12,867.2               379.8              1,429.2
    Year-over-year revenue growth                                             2.7%                11.1%                6.1%
    Constant currency revenue growth                                          0.9%                 8.0%                10.5%
    Backlog1                                                                 28,724               26,059              24,055                2,665               2,004
    Bookings                                                                 16,044               16,259              13,966                (215)               2,293
    Book-to-bill ratio                                                       109.3%              113.7%               108.5%               (4.4%)               5.2%
    Profitability
    Earnings before income taxes                                             2,291.0             2,197.9              1,967.0               93.1                230.9
      Earnings before income taxes margin                                     15.6%               15.4%                15.3%                0.2%                0.1%
    Adjusted EBIT   2
                                                                             2,415.8             2,312.7              2,086.6               103.1               226.1
      Adjusted EBIT margin                                                    16.5%               16.2%                16.2%                0.3%                 —%
    Net earnings                                                             1,692.7             1,631.2              1,466.1               61.5                165.1
      Net earnings margin                                                     11.5%               11.4%                11.4%                0.1%                 —%
    Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                                   7.31                6.86                 6.04                0.45                 0.82
    Net earnings excluding specific items      2
                                                                             1,765.9             1,680.0              1,487.9               85.9                192.1
      Net earnings margin excluding specific items                            12.0%               11.8%                11.6%                0.2%                0.2%
    Diluted EPS excluding specific items (in dollars)2                         7.62                7.07                 6.13                0.55                 0.94

    Liquidity
    Cash provided by operating activities                                    2,205.0             2,112.2              1,865.0               92.8                247.2
      As a percentage of revenue                                              15.0%               14.8%                14.5%                0.2%                0.3%
    Days sales outstanding                                                      41                  44                   49                  (3)                  (5)
    Capital structure
    Long-term debt and lease liabilities3                                    3,308.4             3,742.3              3,976.2              (433.9)             (233.9)
    Net debt 2
                                                                             1,819.8             2,134.6              2,946.9              (314.8)             (812.3)
    Net debt to capitalization ratio                                          16.2%               20.4%                28.8%               (4.2%)              (8.4%)
    Return on invested capital                                                16.0%               16.0%                15.7%                —%                  0.3%
    Balance sheet
    Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments                    1,464.4             1,575.6               972.6               (111.2)              603.0
    Total assets                                                            16,685.5             15,799.5            15,175.4               886.0               624.1
    Long-term financial liabilities 4
                                                                             3,176.9             2,386.2              3,731.3               790.7             (1,345.1)
1
         Approximately $11.4 billion of our backlog as at September 30, 2024 is expected to be converted into revenue within the next twelve months, $9.3 billion
         within one to three years, $3.5 billion within three to five years and $4.5 billion in more than five years.
2
         See sections on Adjusted EBIT by Segment, Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items and Selected Measures of Capital Resources
         and Liquidity sections of each year's respective MD&A for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.
3
         Long-term debt and lease liabilities include both the current and long-term portions of the long-term debt and lease liabilities.
4
         Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt, long-term portion of lease liabilities and the long-term derivative financial instruments.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                                     Page    13
   14 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

    Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

    2.2. STOCK PERFORMANCE

    2.2. STOCK PERFORMANCE
                       CGI Stock Price (TSX) for the Last Twelve Months
                       5


                                                                                                                                       160.00




                       4                                                                                                               150.00




                                                                                                                                       140.00


                       3




Volume (in millions)                                                                                                                            Stock Price (CAD)
                                                                                                                                       130.00




                       2                                                                                                               120.00




                                                                                                                                       110.00


                       1


                                                                                                                                       100.00




                       0                                                                                                               90.00

                                      Q1 2024                              Q2 2024                               Q3 2024   Q4 2024


                                                                              Daily Trade Volume 1       Closing Price


    2.2.1. Fiscal 2024 Trading Summary
    CGI’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) (stock quote – GIB.A) and the New York Stock Exchange
    2.2.1. Fiscal 2024 Trading    Cours
                                          Summary
    (NYSE) (stock quote – GIB) and    arede  l’action
                                          included  in de
                                                       keyCGI  (TSX)
                                                           indices   pour
                                                                   such  as les
                                                                             the douze derniers
                                                                                 S&P/TSX        mois
                                                                                          60 Index.
    CGI’s
      5    shares are listed on the Toronto Stock  Exchange   (TSX)  (stock  quote – GIB.A) and the New York Stock Exchange
     TSX                                                   (CAD)            NYSE
    (NYSE) (stock quote – GIB) and are included in key indices such as the S&P/TSX 60 Index.                                (USD)
                                                                                                                            160,00
     Open:                                                133.85            Open:                                           98.10
     TSX                                                   (CAD)            NYSE                                            (USD)
     High:                                                160.40            High:                                          118.89
     Open:                                                133.85            Open:                                           98.10
     Low:
      4
                                                          129.00            Low:                                            93.07
                                                                                                                            150,00
     High:                                                160.40            High:                                          118.89
     Close:                                               155.62            Close:                                         114.96
     Low:                                1                129.00            Low:                                            93.07
     CDN average daily trading volumes :                 558,315            NYSE average daily trading volumes:           149,488
     Close:                                               155.62            Close:                                         114.96
                                                                                                                            140,00
    1
           CDN Includes
                average the average daily volumes of 1
                           daily trading volumesboth  : the TSX and alternative
                                                                     558,315trading systems.
                                                                                         NYSE average daily trading volumes:         149,488
                       3




Volume (en millions)                                                                                                                            Cours de l’action ($ CA)
    1
                           Includes the average daily volumes of both the TSX and alternative trading systems.
                                                                                                                                       130,00




                       2                                                                                                               120,00




                                                                                                                                       110,00


                       1

© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                       Page        14
                                                                                                                                       100,00
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 15
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




2.2.2. Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB)
On January 30, 2024, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received regulatory approval from the
TSX for the renewal of its NCIB, which allows for the purchase for cancellation of up to 20,457,737 Class A subordinate voting
shares (Class A Shares) representing 10% of the Company’s public float as of the close of business on January 23, 2024.
Class A Shares may be purchased for cancellation under the NCIB commencing on February 6, 2024, until no later than
February 5, 2025, or on such earlier date when the Company has either acquired the maximum number of Class A Shares
allowable under the NCIB or elects to terminate the bid.

During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased for cancellation 6,528,608 Class A Shares for a total
cash consideration of $925.2 million, at a weighted average price of $141.72 under the previous and current NCIB. The
purchased shares included 1,674,930 Class A Shares purchased for cancellation on February 23, 2024 from the Founder and
Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company, as well as a wholly-owned holding company, for a total cash consideration
of $250.0 million, and 2,887,878 Class A Shares purchased for cancellation on May 27, 2024 from Caisse de dépôt et
placement du Québec (CDPQ), for a total cash consideration of $400.0 million, both by way of private agreements. The
repurchase transaction from the Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company was reviewed and
recommended for approval by an independent committee of the Board of Directors of the Company following the receipt of an
external opinion regarding the reasonableness of the financial terms of the transaction, and ultimately approved by the Board
of Directors. The purchases were made pursuant to two exemption orders issued by the Autorité des marchés financiers and
are considered within the annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to purchase under its current NCIB.

In addition, the Company paid for and cancelled 68,550 Class A Shares under the previous NCIB for a total consideration of
$9.2 million, which were purchased but were neither paid nor cancelled as at September 30, 2023.

On June 20, 2024, the Canadian government enacted new legislation to implement tax measures on equity repurchased by
public companies. The legislation requires a company to pay a 2.0% tax on the fair market value of their repurchased shares.
This tax liability can be offset by the issuance of new equity during the relevant taxation year. The tax applies retroactively to
repurchases and issuances of equity that occurred on or after January 1, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has
complied with this new legislation, and recorded $13.6 million of accrued liabilities related to shares repurchased net of
issuance of stock options, with a corresponding reduction to retained earnings.

As at September 30, 2024, the Company could purchase up to 14,803,829 Class A Shares for cancellation under its current
NCIB.


2.2.3. Capital Stock and Options Outstanding
The following table provides a summary of the Capital Stock and Options Outstanding as at November 1, 2024:

 Capital Stock and Options Outstanding                                                                   As at November 1, 2024
 Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                                    203,856,403
 Class B shares (multiple voting)                                                                                      24,122,758
 Options to purchase Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                  3,780,287



2.2.4. Dividends
On November 5, 2024, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend for holders of Class A Shares
and Class B shares (multiple voting) of $0.15 per share. This dividend is payable on December 20, 2024 to shareholders of
record as of the close of business on November 20, 2024. The dividend is designated as an “eligible dividend” for Canadian
tax purposes.

Future dividends and the amounts will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors after taking into account the Company’s
cash flow, earnings, financial position, market conditions and other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant, and will be
communicated on a quarterly basis.


© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page     15
16 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




2.3. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES
On October 10, 2023, the Company acquired Momentum Consulting Corp., an IT and business consulting firm specializing in
digital transformation, data and analytics and managed services, based in the U.S. and headquartered in Miami, Florida for a
total purchase price of $53.3 million. The acquisition added approximately 175 professionals to the Company.

On July 3, 2024, the Company acquired the assets of Celero Solutions' credit union business, consisting of master services
agreements that span managed services, core banking, digital banking and related IT services, based in Canada, for a total
purchase price of $19.1 million. The acquisition added more than 150 professionals to the Company.

On September 13, 2024, the Company acquired Aeyon LLC (Aeyon), a digital transformation, data management and analytics,
and intelligent automation services partner to the U.S. Federal Government, based in the U.S. and headquartered in Vienna,
Virginia, for a total purchase price of $317.8 million. The acquisition added approximately 725 professionals to the Company.

The Company completed these acquisitions for a total purchase price of $390.2 million.


2.4. LONG-TERM ISSUER CREDIT RATING AND NOTES ISSUANCE
In July 2024, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") upgraded CGI's issuer credit rating from Baa1 to A3. S&P Global
Ratings ("S&P") maintained CGI's issuer credit rating at BBB+.

                   Rating Agency                             Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings 1,2                                    Outlook
                      Moody's                                                    A3                                                   Stable
                         S&P                                                   BBB+                                                   Stable

1
        As at September 30, 2024.
2
        These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the
        assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment
        on market price or suitability for a particular investor.



Issuance of senior unsecured notes
On September 5, 2024, we issued $750.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, consisting of
$300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3-year notes and $450.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5-year notes, with
the details below:

                                                        Notional Amount                              Maturity                            Coupon Rate
                                      1
    2024 3-year CAD Senior Notes                                    $300.0 million                  September 7, 2027                                    3.987%
                                      2
    2024 5-year CAD Senior Notes                                    $450.0 million                  September 5, 2029                                    4.147%

1
        Interest payable semi-annually on March 7 and on September 7 until maturity.
2
        Interest payable semi-annually on March 5 and on September 5 until maturity.


The aggregate net proceeds of the issuances, which were $747.1 million, were mainly used to repay existing indebtedness
and for general corporate purposes. The existing indebtedness included senior unsecured notes, which matured on September
12, 2024, in the amount of US$350.0 million.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                            Page    16
                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 17
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3. Financial Review
3.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
Bookings for the year were $16.0 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 109.3%. The breakdown of the new bookings
signed during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                     H                                        E
                                                                                                G             A                         D
             B
                                                                                           F                                                               A
                                                   B
                 Contract Type                          Service Type                                Segment       B                C   Vertical Market
                                                                          A
                                                                                           E
                                 A
                                                                                                              C
                                                                                                    D                                         B




    A   Extensions,                  70%    A   Managed IT and                59%    A   Western and Southern         18%    A    Government                   40%
        renewals and                            business process                         Europe
        add-ons                                 services                                                                     B    MRD                          25%
                                                                                     B   U.S. Commercial and          16%
    B   New business                 30%    B   Business and                  41%        State Government                    C    Financial services           19%
                                                strategic IT consulting                                                      D    Communications               12%
                                                and systems                          C   U.S. Federal                 14%
                                                                                                                                  and utilities
                                                integration services                 D   Canada                       14%
                                                                                                                             E    Health                        4%
                                                                                     E   Scandinavia and              13%
                                                                                         Central Europe
                                                                                     F   U.K. and Australia           13%
                                                                                     G   Finland, Poland and           6%
                                                                                         Baltics
                                                                                     H   Northwest and                 6%
                                                                                         Central-East Europe



Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. Additional information on
bookings can be found in the Key Performance Measures section of the present document. The following table provides a
summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:


 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
                                                                                         Bookings for the year ended              Book-to-bill ratio for the year
                                                                                                September 30, 2024                  ended September 30, 2024

 Total CGI                                                                                                        16,044,075                                   109.3%
                                                                                                     H                                        E
 Western and Southern Europe                                                                    G             A    2,925,526            D                      114.8%
             B
 U.S. Commercial and State Government B                                                    F                       2,565,279                               A    99.8%
                                                                                                                                   C
 U.S. FederalType de contrat                           Type de service                              Secteur       B2,279,672              Secteur cible        113.4%
                                                                          A
                                                                                           E
 Canada                          A                                                                                 2,277,135                                   102.9%
                                                                                                              C
 Scandinavia and Central Europe                                                                     D              2,068,257                  B                117.5%
 U.K. and Australia                                                                                                2,053,642                                   114.5%
 Finland, Poland
    A             and Baltics70 %
       Prolongations,               A           Services en TI et             59 %   A   Europe de l’Ouest         1,001,553
                                                                                                                    18 %    A     Gouvernements                 109.8%
                                                                                                                                                               40 %
       renouvellements                          en gestion des                           et du Sud
 Northwest   and Central-East Europe
       et ajouts                                processus                                                             873,011B    Manufacturier,               25 %
                                                                                                                                                                100.6%
                                                d’affaires en                        B   Secteur privé et             16 %        distribution et détail
    B   Nouvelles ententes           30 %       mode délégué
                                                                                         gouvernements
                                                                                         locaux, É.-U.                       C    Services ﬁnanciers           19 %
                                            B   Service de                    41 %                                           D    Communications               12 %
                                                conseil en                           C   Gouvernement fédéral         14 %
                                                                                         américain                                et services publics
                                                management et
                                                en stratégie TI et                   D   Canada                       14 %   E    Santé                        4%
                                                services
                                                d’intégration de                     E   Scandinavie et               13 %
                                                systèmes                                 Centre de l’Europe
                                                                                     F   R.-U. et Australie           13 %
© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                                 Page   17
                                                                                     G   Finlande, Pologne            6%
18 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS
Accounting Standards, we measure assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various
exchange rates. We report all dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.


Closing foreign exchange rates

 As at September 30,                                                              2024             2023           Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                         1.3515          1.3538           (0.2%)
 Euro                                                                                1.5064          1.4327            5.1%
 Indian rupee                                                                        0.0161          0.0162           (0.6%)
 British pound                                                                       1.8111          1.6530            9.6%
 Swedish krona                                                                       0.1333          0.1243            7.2%


Average foreign exchange rates

 For the years ended September 30,                                                2024             2023           Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                         1.3609          1.3485            0.9%
 Euro                                                                                1.4752          1.4399            2.5%
 Indian rupee                                                                        0.0163          0.0164           (0.6%)
 British pound                                                                       1.7253          1.6544            4.3%
 Swedish krona                                                                       0.1291          0.1270            1.7%




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                       Page     18
                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 19
3.3. REVENUE
Management’s      DISTRIBUTION
             Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year:


3.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year:


                                                                          H                                             E
                                                                     G                                            D
                                                                 F                       A
                                                                                                                                    A
                   B                                                       Client
                                                                E
                        Service Type                                                                              Vertical Market
                                         A                               Geography
                                                                                                              C
                                                                 D
                                                                                     B
                                                                           C                                                B




         A   Managed IT and                  55%    A   U.S.                                 31%    A   Government                      37%
             business process
             services                               B   France                               15%    B   MRD                             22%

         B   Business and strategic          45%    C   Canada                               15%    C   Financial services              22%
             IT consulting and                      D   U.K.                                 12%    D   Communications                  13%
             systems integration                                                                        and utilities
             services                               E   Germany                               7%
                                                                                                    E   Health                           6%
                                                    F   Finland                               6%

                                                    G   Sweden                                5%

                                                    H   Rest of the world                     9%




3.3.1. Client Concentration
IFRS Accounting Standards guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known
to the reporting entity to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its
various agencies represented 13.6% of our revenue for Fiscal 2024 as compared to 13.5% for Fiscal 2023.
3.3.1. Client Concentration
IFRS Accounting Standards guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known
to the reporting entity to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its
various agencies represented 13.6% of our revenue for Fiscal 2024 as compared to 13.5% for Fiscal 2023.
                                                                          H                                             E
                                                                     G                                            D
                                                                 F                       A
                                                                                                                                    A
                   B                                                  Répartition
                                                                E
                       Type de service                                                                             Secteur cible
                                         A                           géographique
                                                                                                              C
                                                                 D
                                                                                     B
                                                                           C                                                B




         A   Services en TI et en            55 %   A   É.-U.                                31 %   A   Gouvernements                   37 %
             gestion des processus
             d’affaires en mode                     B   France                               15 %   B   Manufacturier,                  22 %
             délégué                                                                                    distribution et détail
                                                    C   Canada                               15 %
         B   Services de conseil en          45 %                                                   C   Services ﬁnanciers              22 %
                                                    D   R.-U.                                12 %
             management et en
                                                                                                    D   Communications et               13 %
             stratégie TI et services               E   Allemagne                            7%         services publics
             d’intégration de
             systèmes                               F   Finlande                             6%     E   Santé                           6%
                                                    G   Suède                                5%
                                                    H   Reste du monde                       9%




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                Page   19




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                Page   19
20 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3.4. REVENUE BY SEGMENT
Our segments are reported based on where the client's work is delivered from within our geographic delivery model.
The table below provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment before
eliminations, separately showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal
2023. The Fiscal 2023 revenues by segment were recorded reflecting the actual foreign exchange rates for that period. The
foreign exchange impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the same period’s results converted
with the prior year’s foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                            Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                   2024            2023              $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Total CGI revenue                                               14,676,152       14,296,360         379,792             2.7%
 Constant currency revenue growth                                      0.9%
 Foreign currency impact                                               1.8%
 Variation over previous period                                        2.7%
 Western and Southern Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                         2,534,407        2,605,926         (71,519)          (2.7%)
 Foreign currency impact                                             65,791
 Western and Southern Europe revenue                              2,600,198        2,605,926          (5,728)          (0.2%)
 U.S. Commercial and State Government
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                         2,304,734        2,277,996          26,738             1.2%
 Foreign currency impact                                             22,575
 U.S. Commercial and State Government revenue                     2,327,309        2,277,996          49,313             2.2%
 Canada
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                         2,034,371        2,064,659         (30,288)          (1.5%)
 Foreign currency impact                                                  624
 Canada revenue                                                   2,034,995        2,064,659         (29,664)          (1.4%)
 U.S. Federal
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                         1,983,319        1,935,238          48,081             2.5%
 Foreign currency impact                                             18,072
 U.S. Federal revenue                                             2,001,391        1,935,238          66,153             3.4%
 Scandinavia and Central Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                         1,626,723        1,648,356         (21,633)          (1.3%)
 Foreign currency impact                                             31,449
 Scandinavia and Central Europe revenue                           1,658,172        1,648,356             9,816           0.6%
 U.K. and Australia revenue
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                         1,519,748        1,455,529          64,219             4.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                             65,085
 U.K. and Australia revenue                                       1,584,833        1,455,529         129,304             8.9%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                           834,674         828,951              5,723           0.7%
 Foreign currency impact                                             24,589
 Finland, Poland and Baltics revenue                                859,263         828,951           30,312             3.7%




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page     20
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 21
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




                                                                                                              Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                    2024             2023              $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Northwest and Central-East Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            812,814          755,901           56,913              7.5%
 Foreign currency impact                                               15,912
 Northwest and Central-East Europe revenue                           828,726          755,901           72,825              9.6%
 Asia Pacific
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            959,311          904,038           55,273              6.1%
 Foreign currency impact                                              (3,166)
 Asia Pacific revenue                                                956,145          904,038           52,107              5.8%
 Eliminations                                                       (174,880)        (180,234)             5,354         (3.0%)


For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue was $14,676.2 million, an increase of $379.8 million or 2.7% over last year.
On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $128.8 million or 0.9%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to
organic growth within the government, including higher IP-based revenues, and MRD vertical markets, as well as recent
business acquisitions. This was partially offset by lower demand within the financial services and health vertical markets.

3.4.1. Western and Southern Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $2,600.2 million, a
decrease of $5.7 million or 0.2% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $71.5 million or 2.7%.
The change in revenue was mainly due to lower demand within the financial services vertical market, as well as lower demand
and successful completion of projects in the prior year within the MRD vertical market. This was partially offset by organic
growth within the government vertical market and one more available day to bill.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Western and Southern Europe vertical markets were MRD and financial services,
generating combined revenues of approximately $1,538 million for the year ended September 30, 2024.

3.4.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $2,327.3
million, an increase of $49.3 million or 2.2% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $26.7 million
or 1.2%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to organic growth within the government and MRD vertical markets, a recent
business acquisition and one more available day to bill. This was partially offset by lower demand within the financial services
and health vertical markets, the increased use of our Asia Pacific offshore delivery centers for client work, as well as lower IP
license sales.

On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. Commercial and State Government vertical markets were financial services and
government, generating combined revenues of approximately $1,515 million for the year ended September 30, 2024.

3.4.3. Canada
For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue in the Canada segment was $2,035.0 million, a decrease of $29.7 million or
1.4% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $30.3 million or 1.5%. The change in revenue was
mainly due to lower demand in the communications and utilities and financial services vertical markets. This was partially offset
by a recent business acquisition within the financial services vertical market.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services, and communications and utilities,
generating combined revenues of approximately $1,372 million for the year ended September 30, 2024.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page      21
22 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3.4.4. U.S. Federal
For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue in the U.S. Federal segment was $2,001.4 million, an increase of $66.2
million or 3.4% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $48.1 million or 2.5%. The increase was
mainly due to organic growth in managed services engagements and a recent business acquisition.

For the year ended September 30, 2024, $1,825.7 million of revenues within the U.S. Federal segment were federal civilian
based.

3.4.5. Scandinavia and Central Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue in the Scandinavia and Central Europe segment was $1,658.2 million, an
increase of $9.8 million or 0.6% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $21.6 million or 1.3%. The
change in revenue was mainly due to lower demand within the communications and utilities and MRD vertical markets. This
was partially offset by profitable organic growth within the government vertical market, including an increase in IP-based
revenue.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Scandinavia and Central Europe vertical markets were MRD and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $1,217 million for the year ended September 30, 2024.

3.4.6. U.K. and Australia
For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue in the U.K. and Australia segment was $1,584.8 million, an increase of
$129.3 million or 8.9% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $64.2 million or 4.4%. The increase
in revenue was mainly due to organic growth across most vertical markets, predominantly within the government vertical
market.

On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. and Australia vertical markets were government and communications and
utilities, generating combined revenues of $1,354 million for the year ended September 30, 2024.

3.4.7. Finland, Poland and Baltics
For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $859.3 million, an increase
of $30.3 million or 3.7% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $5.7 million or 0.7%. The increase
in revenue was mainly due to organic growth across most vertical markets. This was partially offset by the successful
completion of IP integration projects in the prior year within the health vertical market.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Finland, Poland and Baltics vertical markets were financial services and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $501 million for the year ended September 30, 2024.

3.4.8. Northwest and Central-East Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue in the Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $828.7 million, an
increase of $72.8 million or 9.6% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $56.9 million or 7.5%.
The increase in revenue was mainly due to organic growth across most vertical markets, including an increase in IP-based
revenue.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Northwest and Central-East Europe vertical markets were MRD and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $540 million for the year ended September 30, 2024.

3.4.9. Asia Pacific
For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue in the Asia Pacific segment was $956.1 million, an increase of $52.1 million
or 5.8% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $55.3 million or 6.1%. The increase in revenue
was mainly due to the continued demand for our offshore delivery centers across most commercial vertical markets, including
the ramp up of a new managed services contract within the MRD vertical market.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page   22
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 23
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3.5. OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                                                  Change
 For the years ended September 30,                                   % of                     % of
                                                       2024        revenue       2023       revenue          $             %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Costs of services, selling and administrative      12,259,730        83.5%    11,982,421       83.8%      277,309          (0.3%)
 Foreign exchange loss                                     653         —%           1,198         —%             (545)         —%


3.5.1. Costs of Services, Selling and Administrative
Costs of services include the costs of serving our clients, which mainly consist of salaries, net of tax credits, performance
based compensation and other direct costs, including travel expenses. These also mainly include professional fees and other
contracted labour costs, as well as hardware, software and delivery center related costs.

Costs of selling and administrative mainly include salaries, performance based compensation, office space, internal solutions,
business development related costs such as travel expenses, and other administrative and management costs.

For the year ended September 30, 2024, costs of services, selling and administrative expenses amounted to $12,259.7 million,
an increase of $277.3 million when compared to the same period last year. As a percentage of revenue, costs of services,
selling and administrative expenses decreased to 83.5% from 83.8%.

As a percentage of revenue, costs of services increased compared to the same period last year, mainly due to higher
employee medical costs and prior years adjustments for research & development (R&D) tax credits. This was partially offset by
profitable organic growth within the government vertical market, including higher IP-based revenues.

As a percentage of revenue, costs of selling and administrative decreased compared to the same period last year, mainly due
to savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program (see section 3.6.2. of the present document).

During the year ended September 30, 2024, the translation of the results of our foreign operations from their local currencies to
the Canadian dollar unfavourably impacted costs by $197.5 million, which was offset by the favourable translation impact of
$251.0 million on our revenue.

3.5.2. Foreign Exchange Loss
During the year ended September 30, 2024, CGI incurred $0.7 million of foreign exchange losses, mainly driven by the timing
of payments combined with the volatility of foreign exchange rates. The Company, in addition to its natural hedges, uses
derivatives as a strategy to manage its exposure, to the extent possible.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page   23
24 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3.6. EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES
The following table provides a reconciliation between our earnings before income taxes, which is reported in accordance with
IFRS Accounting Standards, and adjusted EBIT:

                                                                                                                  Change
 For the years ended September 30,                                    % of                      % of
                                                        2024        revenue       2023        revenue         $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentage
 Earnings before income taxes                         2,290,951       15.6%     2,197,913        15.4%       93,038            0.2%
 Plus the following items:
    Acquisition-related and integration costs             5,866         —%         53,401         0.4%     (47,535)        (0.4%)
    Cost Optimization Program                           91,063          0.6%        8,964         0.1%       82,099            0.5%
    Net finance costs                                   27,889          0.2%       52,463         0.4%     (24,574)        (0.2%)
 Adjusted EBIT                                        2,415,769       16.5%     2,312,741        16.2%      103,028            0.3%


3.6.1. Acquisition-Related and Integration Costs
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred $5.9 million of acquisition-related and integration costs.
These costs were acquisition-related costs related to professional fees of $2.4 million. Integration costs were related to costs
of vacating leased premises of $0.9 million, costs of rationalizing the redundancy of employment of $0.7 million, and other
integration costs towards the CGI operating model of $1.8 million.

During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred $53.4 million of integration costs. These costs were related
to costs of vacating leased premises of $10.8 million, costs of rationalizing the redundancy of employment of $23.2 million, and
other integration costs towards the CGI operating model of $19.4 million.

3.6.2. Cost Optimization Program
During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company initiated a cost optimization program (Cost Optimization
Program) to accelerate actions to improve operational efficiencies, including the increased use of automation and global
delivery, and to rightsize its global real estate portfolio.

As at March 31, 2024, the Company completed its Cost Optimization Program for a total cost of $100.0 million, of which
$91.1 million was expensed during the year ended September 30, 2024. These amounts included costs for terminations of
employment of $69.5 million and costs of vacating leased premises of $21.6 million.

For the year ended September 30, 2023, these costs were mainly related to vacating leased premises for $6.4 million and
costs for terminations of employment for $2.6 million.

3.6.3. Net Finance Costs
Net finance costs mainly include interest on our long-term debt, lease liabilities and financial assets. For the year ended
September 30, 2024, the net finance costs decreased by $24.6 million, mainly due to additional interest income from our
financial assets and by the scheduled repayment in full in December 2023 of the unsecured committed term loan credit facility.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page    24
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 25
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3.7. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                            Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                    2024             2023              $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Western and Southern Europe                                         334,165          355,578          (21,413)          (6.0%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                  12.9%            13.6%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government                                337,325          339,410           (2,085)          (0.6%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                  14.5%            14.9%
 Canada                                                              463,171          477,502          (14,331)          (3.0%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                  22.8%            23.1%
 U.S. Federal                                                        322,698          306,362           16,336              5.3%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                  16.1%            15.8%
 Scandinavia and Central Europe                                      150,913          127,320           23,593           18.5%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   9.1%             7.7%
 U.K. and Australia                                                  251,662          216,517           35,145           16.2%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                  15.9%            14.9%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics                                         133,437          110,583           22,854           20.7%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                  15.5%            13.3%
 Northwest and Central East-Europe                                   129,277          101,871           27,406           26.9%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                  15.6%            13.5%
 Asia Pacific                                                        293,121          277,598           15,523              5.6%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                  30.7%            30.7%
 Adjusted EBIT                                                      2,415,769        2,312,741         103,028              4.5%
   Adjusted EBIT margin                                                16.5%            16.2%

For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT was $2,415.8 million, an increase of $103.0 million when compared to
the last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 16.5% from 16.2% when compared to last year. The increase in adjusted
EBIT margin was mainly due to savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program and profitable organic growth within
the government vertical market, including higher IP-based revenues. This was partially offset by higher employee medical
costs and prior years adjustments for R&D tax credits.

3.7.1. Western and Southern Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $334.2 million, a
decrease of $21.4 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 12.9% from 13.6%. The change in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to prior years adjustments for R&D tax credits in France. This was partially offset by
lower performance based compensation accruals and savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program.

3.7.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $337.3
million, a decrease of $2.1 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 14.5% from 14.9%. The
change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to higher employee medical costs, an impairment taken on a business
solution and the impact of a favourable supplier contract settlement in the prior year. This was partially offset by profitable
organic growth within most vertical markets, additional R&D tax credits and savings generated from the Cost Optimization
Program.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page      25
26 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3.7.3. Canada
For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $463.2 million, a decrease of $14.3
million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 22.8% from 23.1%. The change in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to lower utilization within the communications and utilities market and the temporary dilutive impact of a
recent business acquisition within the financial services vertical market. This was partially offset by lower performance based
compensation accruals and the savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program.

3.7.4. U.S. Federal
For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Federal segment was $322.7 million, an increase of $16.3
million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 16.1% from 15.8%. The increase in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program and additional tax credits. This was partially
offset by higher employee medical costs.

3.7.5. Scandinavia and Central Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT in the Scandinavia and Central Europe segment was $150.9 million,
an increase of $23.6 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 9.1% from 7.7%. The increase in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program, profitable organic growth
within the government vertical market, including an increase in IP-based revenue, and lower performance based compensation
accruals.

3.7.6. U.K. and Australia
For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT in the U.K. and Australia segment was $251.7 million, an increase of
$35.1 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.9% from 14.9%. The increase in adjusted
EBIT margin was mainly due to profitable organic growth within the government and communication and utilities vertical
markets, as well as savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program.

3.7.7. Finland, Poland and Baltics
For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $133.4 million, an
increase of $22.9 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.5% from 13.3%. The increase in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to profitable organic growth across most vertical markets, savings generated from the
Cost Optimization Program and additional tax credits. This was partially offset by the successful completion of IP integration
projects in the prior year within the health vertical market.

3.7.8. Northwest and Central-East Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT in the Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $129.3
million, an increase of $27.4 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.6% from 13.5%. The
increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to profitable organic growth across most vertical markets and savings
generated from the Cost Optimization Program.

3.7.9. Asia Pacific
For the year ended September 30, 2024, adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $293.1 million, an increase of $15.5
million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin remained stable at 30.7%.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page     26
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 27
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3.8. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:
                                                                                                              Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                      2024            2023              $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
 Earnings before income taxes                                         2,290,951       2,197,913          93,038              4.2%
 Income tax expense                                                    598,236         566,664           31,572              5.6%
    Effective tax rate                                                   26.1%           25.8%
 Net earnings                                                         1,692,715       1,631,249          61,466              3.8%
    Net earnings margin                                                  11.5%           11.4%              0.1%
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple   228,074,108     234,041,041      (5,966,933)          (2.5%)
   voting) (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple   231,672,861     237,702,081      (6,029,220)          (2.5%)
   voting) (diluted)
 Earnings per share (in dollars)
   Basic                                                                     7.42            6.97           0.45             6.5%
   Diluted                                                                   7.31            6.86           0.45             6.6%


3.8.1. Income Tax Expense
For the year ended September 30, 2024, income tax expense was $598.2 million compared to $566.7 million last year and our
effective tax rate increased to 26.1% from 25.8% last year. When excluding tax effects from acquisition-related and integration
costs and the Cost Optimization Program, the effective tax rate increased to 26.0% from 25.7%. In both cases, the increase
was mainly due to a higher statutory tax rate in the U.K. and lower tax-exempt R&D credits, partially offset by the change in
profitability mix in certain geographies.

The table in section 3.8.3. shows the year-over-year comparison of the tax rate with the impact of specific items removed.
Based on the enacted rates at the end of Fiscal 2024 and our current profitability mix, we expect our effective tax rate before
specific items to be in the range of 25.5% to 26.5% in subsequent periods.

3.8.2. Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
For Fiscal 2024, CGI’s basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased compared to Fiscal 2023
due to the impact of the purchase for cancellation of Class A Shares, partially offset by the exercise of stock options. The table
in section 3.8.3. shows the year-over-year comparison of the weighted average number of shares outstanding. See notes 19,
20 and 21 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page     27
28 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




3.8.3. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items
Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items, namely acquisition-related and integration
costs and the Cost Optimization Program.

                                                                                                            Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                      2024            2023             $             %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages and shares data
 Earnings before income taxes                                         2,290,951       2,197,913         93,038           4.2%
 Add back:
    Acquisition-related and integration costs                             5,866         53,401        (47,535)       (89.0%)
    Cost Optimization Program                                           91,063            8,964         82,099       915.9%
 Earnings before income taxes excluding specific items                2,387,880       2,260,278        127,602           5.6%
 Income tax expense                                                    598,236         566,664          31,572           5.6%
    Effective tax rate                                                   26.1%           25.8%
 Add back:
    Tax deduction on acquisition-related and integration costs               763        11,336        (10,573)       (93.3%)
    Impact on effective tax rate                                             —%          (0.1%)
    Tax deduction on Cost Optimization Program                          22,956            2,240         20,716       924.8%
    Impact on effective tax rate                                         (0.1%)              —%
 Income tax expense excluding specific items                           621,955         580,240          41,715           7.2%
    Effective tax rate excluding specific items                          26.0%           25.7%
 Net earnings excluding specific items                                1,765,925       1,680,038         85,887           5.1%
    Net earnings margin excluding specific items                         12.0%           11.8%
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple   228,074,108     234,041,041     (5,966,933)       (2.5%)
   voting) (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple   231,672,861     237,702,081     (6,029,220)       (2.5%)
   voting) (diluted)
 Earnings per share excluding specific items (in dollars)
   Basic                                                                     7.74            7.18          0.56          7.8%
   Diluted                                                                   7.62            7.07          0.55          7.8%




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                       Page      28
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 29
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




4. Liquidity
4.1. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
CGI’s growth is financed through a combination of cash flow from operations, drawing on our unsecured committed revolving
credit facility, the issuance of long-term debt, and the issuance of equity. One of our financial priorities is to maintain an optimal
level of liquidity through the active management of our assets and liabilities as well as our cash flows.
As at September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents were $1,461.1 million. Cash included in funds held for clients was
$233.6 million. The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash and cash equivalents for the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

 For the years ended September 30,                                                      2024             2023            Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                  2,204,983        2,112,249           92,734
 Cash used in investing activities                                                      (775,384)        (561,858)         (213,526)
 Cash used in financing activities                                                     (1,607,657)      (1,192,376)        (415,281)
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash included       34,704            8,884           25,820
 in funds held for clients
 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds           (143,354)          366,899         (510,253)
 held for clients




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page     29
30 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




4.1.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by operating activities was $2,205.0 million or 15.0% of revenue
compared to $2,112.2 million or 14.8% of revenue for the same period last year.
For the year ended September 30, 2024, the cash provided by operating activities was mainly generated by earnings before
amortization, depreciation and impairment and an improvement in our DSO. This was partially offset by the timing of tax
instalment payments.
The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities:

 For the years ended September 30,                                                                        2024                 2023               Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Net earnings                                                                                             1,692,715            1,631,249               61,466
 Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                  536,859              519,648               17,211
 Deferred income tax recovery                                                                             (146,100)            (109,496)             (36,604)
 Other adjustments1                                                                                          56,513               54,383                 2,130
 Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working                                2,139,987            2,095,784               44,203
 capital items and others
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others:
    Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                              147,781               91,115               56,666
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation and employee-                             27,408            (179,052)              206,460
    related liabilities, provisions and long-term liabilities
    Income taxes                                                                                           (98,207)              105,577            (203,784)
             2
    Others                                                                                                 (11,986)               (1,175)            (10,811)
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others                                                     64,996               16,465               48,531
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                    2,204,983            2,112,249               92,734
1
    Comprised of foreign exchange gain, share-based payment costs and gain on sale of property, plant and equipment and on lease terminations.
2
    Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets (excluding long-term receivables), derivative financial instruments and retirement
    benefits obligations.

The increase of $92.7 million from our cash provided by operating activities was mostly due to the timing of supplier payments,
the earnings before amortization, depreciation and impairment and client collections. This was partially offset by the timing of
tax instalment payments.
The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                         Page     30
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 31
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




4.1.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2024, $775.4 million were used in investing activities while $561.9 million were used over
last year.

The following table provides a summary of the use of cash from investing activities:

 For the years ended September 30,                                                     2024          2023         Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Business acquisitions (net of cash acquired)                                          (380,313)      (13,039)     (367,274)
 Loan receivable                                                                          7,508       (15,846)        23,354
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                             (109,733)     (159,769)        50,036
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                      5,732             —          5,732
 Additions to contract costs                                                            (97,059)     (102,082)         5,023
 Additions to intangible assets                                                        (153,907)     (147,200)        (6,707)
 Net change in short-term and long-term investments                                     (47,612)     (123,922)        76,310
 Cash used in investing activities                                                     (775,384)     (561,858)     (213,526)

The increase of $213.5 million in cash used in investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2024 was mainly due
to recent business acquisitions. This was partially offset by the net impact of proceeds and purchases of our funds held for
clients' investments, decreased investments in computer equipment and a loan receivable from the prior year.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                       Page      31
32 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




4.1.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2024, $1,607.7 million were used in financing activities while $1,192.4 million were used
over last year.

The following table provides a summary of the use of cash from financing activities:

 For the years ended September 30,                                                     2024          2023           Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Increase of long-term debt                                                             747,073             948        746,125
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                       (1,154,878)         (79,150)     (1,075,728)
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                          38,943          2,921           36,022
 Payment of lease liabilities                                                          (146,762)     (161,211)           14,449
 Repayment of debt assumed from business acquisitions                                  (162,146)       (56,994)       (105,152)
 Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares                        (934,765)     (788,020)        (146,745)
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                           76,523         88,316         (11,793)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts                           (66,847)      (74,455)            7,608
 Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of performance share units            (15,407)      (13,879)          (1,528)
 Net change in clients' funds obligations                                                10,609      (110,852)         121,461
 Cash used in financing activities                                                 (1,607,657)      (1,192,376)       (415,281)

The increase of $415.3 million in cash used in financing activities during the year ended September 30, 2024 was mainly
driven by the scheduled repayments in full of the unsecured committed term loan credit facility in the amount of $670.4 million
(US$500.0 million) and the senior unsecured notes in the amount of $475.8 million (US$350.0 million), by an increase in the
settlement of Class A Shares purchased for cancellation and by the repayment of debt assumed from business acquisitions.
This was partially offset by the issuance of senior unsecured notes for an amount of $747.1 million (see section 2.4. of the
present document) and by the net change in clients' funds obligations.

4.1.4. Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents and Cash
Included in Funds Held for Clients
For the year ended September 30, 2024, the effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash
included in funds held for clients had a favourable impact of $34.7 million. This amount had no effect on net earnings as it was
recorded in other comprehensive income.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page     32
                                                                                                                               FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 33
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




4.2. CAPITAL RESOURCES
 As at September 30, 2024                                                                                                                     Available
 In thousands of CAD
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                              1,461,145
 Short-term investments                                                                                                                                      3,279
 Long-term investments                                                                                                                                      24,209
 Unsecured committed revolving credit facility1                                                                                                         1,496,355
 Total2                                                                                                                                                2,984,988
1
    As at September 30, 2024, letters of credit in the amount of $3.6 million were outstanding against the $1.5 billion unsecured committed revolving credit facility.
2
    Excludes cash, term deposits and long-term bonds included in funds held for clients for $233.6 million, $50.0 million and $223.2 million, respectively.

As at September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents and investments represented $1,488.6 million.

Short-term and long-term investments include corporate bonds with maturities ranging from 91 days to five years, with a credit
rating of A- or higher.

As at September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the capital resources available to the Company was $2,985.0 million.

As at September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all of its restrictive covenants contained in its senior
unsecured notes and its restrictive covenants and ratios contained in its unsecured committed revolving credit facility.

As at September 30, 2024, CGI was showing a positive working capital (total current assets minus total current liabilities) of
$1,268.2 million. The Company also had $1,496.4 million available under its unsecured committed revolving credit facility and
is generating a significant level of cash, which CGI's management currently considers will allow the Company to fund its
operations while maintaining adequate levels of liquidity.

The tax implications and impact related to the repatriation of cash will not materially affect the Company’s liquidity.

4.3. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
We are committed under the terms of contractual obligations which have various expiration dates, primarily related to long-
term debt and the rental of premises, computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts and long-term service agreements.

                                                                                    Less than                                                        More than
 Commitment type                                                 Total                                   1 - 3 years           3 - 5 years
                                                                                      1 year                                                          5 years
 In thousands of CAD
 Long-term debt                                                  2,703,694                    999            1,111,677            1,050,167               540,851
 Estimated interest on long-term debt net of                        229,584                51,641               93,663                59,399                24,881
 swaps
 Lease liabilities                                                  620,095              150,252               223,428               150,460                95,955
 Estimated interest on lease liabilities                             77,203                22,809               31,047                15,866                 7,481
 Long-term service agreements                                       398,220              191,651               164,068                42,501                     —
      1
 Total                                                           4,028,796               417,352             1,623,883            1,318,393               669,168
1
    Excludes clients' funds obligations for an amount of $504.5 million payable in less than 1 year.


4.4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
We use various financial instruments to help us manage our exposure to fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and
interest rates. See note 32 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our financial
instruments and hedging transactions.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                             Page     33
34 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




4.5. SELECTED MEASURES OF CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
 As at September 30,                                                                                                  2024                       2023
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Reconciliation between long-term debt and lease liabilities1 and net debt:
 Long-term debt and lease liabilities1                                                                                  3,308,403                   3,742,284
 Minus the following items:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                           1,461,145                   1,568,291
    Short-term investments                                                                                                    3,279                        7,332
    Long-term investments                                                                                                    24,209                       17,113
    Fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments related to debt                                              —                        14,904
 Net debt                                                                                                                1,819,770                  2,134,644
 Net debt to capitalization ratio                                                                                            16.2%                        20.4%
 Return on invested capital                                                                                                  16.0%                        16.0%
 Days sales outstanding                                                                                                          41                          44
1
    As at September 30, 2024, long-term debt and lease liabilities were $2,688.3 million ($3,100.3 million as at September 30, 2023) and $620.1 million
    ($642.0 million as at September 30, 2023), respectively, including their current portions.

During the year ended September 30, 2024, our long-term debt and lease liabilities decreased by $433.9 million mainly driven
by the scheduled repayment in full of the unsecured committed term loan credit facility for an amount of $670.4 million
(US$500.0 million) and the scheduled repayment of the senior unsecured notes for an amount of $475.8 million (US$350.0
million) partially offset by the issuance of senior unsecured notes for an amount of $747.1 million (see section 2.4. of the
present document).

On October 30, 2024, the unsecured committed revolving credit facility was extended by one year to October 2029 and can be
further extended. There were no material changes in the terms and conditions including interest rates and banking covenants.

We use the net debt to capitalization ratio as an indication of our financial leverage in order to realize our Build and Buy
strategy (see section 1.2. of the present document for additional information on our Build and Buy strategy). The net debt to
capitalization ratio decreased to 16.2% in Fiscal 2024 from 20.4% in Fiscal 2023 mostly due to our cash generation, partially
offset by the repurchase of shares and business acquisitions during the last four quarters.

ROIC is a measure of the Company’s efficiency in allocating the capital under our control to profitable investments. The return
on invested capital ratio remained stable at 16.0% in Fiscal 2024 when compared to the same period last year.

DSO decreased to 41 days at the end of Fiscal 2024 when compared to 44 days in Fiscal 2023. The decrease was mainly due
to improved collections.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                           Page     34
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 35
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




4.6. GUARANTEES
In the normal course of operations, we may enter into agreements to provide financial or performance assurances to third
parties on the sale of assets, business divestitures and guarantees on government and commercial contracts.

In connection with sales of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs and
losses incurred as a result of breaches in our contractual obligations, including representations and warranties, intellectual
property right infringement claims and litigation against counterparties, among others.

While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential exposure, others do not specify a maximum amount or a maturity
date or survival period. It is not possible to reasonably estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such
guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which
cannot be determined at this time. No amount has been accrued in the consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of
guarantee or indemnification as at September 30, 2024. The Company does not expect to incur any potential payment in
connection with these guarantees that could have a material adverse effect on its audited consolidated financial statements.

In the normal course of business, we may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and performance
bonds. In general, we would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if we refuse to perform the project once we are
awarded the bid. We would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of a default in the performance of our
obligations. As at September 30, 2024, we had committed a total of $49.4 million for these bonds. We have complied with our
performance obligations under all service contracts for which there was a bid or performance bond in all material respects, and
the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees would not have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated results of operations or financial condition.


4.7. CAPABILITY TO DELIVER RESULTS
CGI's management believes that the Company has sufficient capital resources to support ongoing business operations and
execute our Build and Buy growth strategy. Our principal and most accretive uses of cash are: to invest in our business
(procuring new large managed IT and business process services contracts and developing business and IP solutions); to
pursue accretive acquisitions; to purchase for cancellation Class A Shares and pay down debt. In terms of financing, we are
well positioned to continue executing our four-pillar growth strategy in Fiscal 2025.

To successfully implement the Company's strategy, CGI relies on a strong leadership team, supported by highly
knowledgeable consultants and professionals with relevant relationships and significant experience in both IT and our targeted
industries. CGI fosters leadership development through the CGI Leadership Institute ensuring continuity and knowledge
transfer across the organization. For key positions, a detailed succession plan is established and revised frequently.

As a Company built on human capital, the knowledge of our consultants and professionals are critical to delivering quality
service to our clients. Our human resources program allows us to attract and retain the best talent as it provides competitive
compensation and benefits, a favourable working environment, training programs and career development opportunities.
Employee satisfaction is monitored annually through a Company-wide survey. In addition, a majority of our professionals are
owners of CGI through our Share Purchase Plan, which, along with our Profit Participation Plan, allows them to share in the
Company's success, further aligning stakeholder interests.

In addition to capital resources and talent, CGI has established the Management Foundation, which encompasses governance
policies, organizational models and sophisticated management frameworks for our business units and corporate processes.
This robust governance model provides a common business language for managing all operations consistently across the
globe, driving a focus on continuous improvement. CGI’s operations maintain appropriate certifications in accordance with
service requirements such as ISO and CMMI certification programs.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page    35
36 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5. Fourth Quarter Results
5.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
Bookings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 were $3,822.6 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 104.4%. The
breakdown of the new bookings signed during the quarter is as follows:



                                                                                                  G H                                     D
                                                                                                                                              E
                                                                                                              A
             B                                                                                F                                                          A
                                                    B

                 Contract Type                           Service Type                     E       Segment                          C Vertical Market

                                                                          A                                       B
                                   A
                                                                                              D
                                                                                                        C                                         B



    A   Extensions,                    67%   A   Managed IT                   65%    A   Scandinavia and              22%    A    MRD                        34%
        renewals and                             and business                            Central Europe
        add-ons                                  process services                                                            B    Government                 31%
                                                                                     B   Canada                       19%
    B   New business                   33%   B   Business and                 35%                                            C    Financial Services         22%
                                                 strategic IT consulting             C   Western and Southern         15%
                                                                                         Europe                              D    Communications              9%
                                                 and systems                                                                      and utilities
                                                 integration services                D   U.S. Federal                 13%
                                                                                                                             E    Health                      4%
                                                                                     E   U.K. and Australia           12%

                                                                                     F   U.S. Commercial and          10%
                                                                                         State Government

                                                                                     G   Northwest and                 5%
                                                                                         Central-East Europe

                                                                                     H   Finland, Poland and           4%
                                                                                         Baltics


The following table provides a summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:

                                                                                         Bookings for the           Bookings for the Book-to-bill ratio for
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages                                          three months ended                  year ended      the year ended
                                                                                      September 30, 2024          September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024
                                                                                                  G H                                         E
 Total CGI                                                                                        3,822,615A                 16,044,075D                     109.3%
             B                                                                                F                                                          A
 Scandinavia and Central Europe                     B                                              861,475                    2,068,257                      117.5%
                 Type de contrat                        Type de service                   E       Secteur                          C  Secteur cible
 Canada                                                                                            711,206                    2,277,135                      102.9%
                                                                          A                                       B
 Western and Southern A
                     Europe                                                                        571,014                    2,925,526                      114.8%
                                                                                              D
 U.S. Federal                                                                                        C
                                                                                                   498,983                    2,279,672           B          113.4%
 U.K. and Australia                                                                                448,692                    2,053,642                      114.5%
 U.S.A Commercial
        Prolongations,and State 67
                                Government
                                   %  A Services en TI et                     65 %   A             378,950
                                                                                         Scandinavie  et              22 %   2,565,279
                                                                                                                             A  Manufacturier,               3499.8%
                                                                                                                                                                %
       renouvellements                           en gestion des                          Centre de l’Europe                     distribution et détail
 Northwest   and Central-East Europe
       et ajouts                                 processus d’affaires                              203,866                       873,011                     100.6%
                                                 en mode délégué                     B   Canada                       19 %   B    Gouvernements              31 %
    B  Nouvelles
 Finland,               Baltics33 %
                 ententes
          Poland and                                                                 C   Europe de148,429
                                                                                                   l’Ouest            15 %   1,001,553
                                                                                                                             C  Services ﬁnanciers            109.8%
                                                                                                                                                             22 %
                                             B   Services de conseil          35 %
                                                 en management                           et du Sud
                                                                                                                             D    Communications             9%
                                                 et en stratégie TI et               D   Gouvernement                 13 %        et services publics
                                                 services d’intégration                  fédéral américain
                                                 de systèmes                                                                 E    Santé                      4%
                                                                                     E   R.-U. et Australie           12 %
                                                                                     F   Secteur privé et             10 %
                                                                                         gouvernements
                                                                                         locaux, É.-U.
                                                                                     G   Nord-ouest et                5%
                                                                                         Centre-est de l’Europe
                                                                                     H   Finlande, Pologne            4%
                                                                                         et pays baltes
© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                               Page   36
                                                                                                FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 37
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS
Accounting Standards, we measure assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various
exchange rates. We report all dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.


Closing foreign exchange rates

 As at September 30,                                                              2024             2023           Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                         1.3515          1.3538           (0.2%)
 Euro                                                                                1.5064          1.4327            5.1%
 Indian rupee                                                                        0.0161          0.0162           (0.6%)
 British pound                                                                       1.8111          1.6530            9.6%
 Swedish krona                                                                       0.1333          0.1243            7.2%


Average foreign exchange rates

 For the three months ended September 30,                                         2024             2023           Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                         1.3643          1.3412            1.7%
 Euro                                                                                1.4983          1.4593            2.7%
 Indian rupee                                                                        0.0163          0.0162            0.6%
 British pound                                                                       1.7732          1.6979            4.4%
 Swedish krona                                                                       0.1309          0.1241            5.5%




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                       Page     37
5.3.
38 — REVENUE         DISTRIBUTION
      Management’s Discussion           and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the quarter ended September 30, 2024:



5.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the quarter ended September 30, 2024:


                                                                              H                                              E
                                                                         G                                               D
                                                                     F                       A
                                                                                                                                           A
                   B                                             E             Client
                        Service Type                                                                                     Vertical Market
                                         A                                   Geography
                                                                                                                     C
                                                                  D
                                                                                         B
                                                                              C                                                  B



        A   Managed IT and                   56%    A   U.S.                                     32%    A   Government                         38%
            Business Process
            Services                                B   Canada                                   15%    B   Financial Services                 22%

        B   Business and strategic           44%    C   France                                   15%    C   MRD                                21%
            IT consulting and                       D   U.K.                                     12%    D   Communications                     13%
            systems integration                                                                             and utilities
            services                                E   Germany                                   7%
                                                                                                        E   Health                              6%
                                                    F   Finland                                   6%
                                                    G   Sweden                                    4%
                                                    H   Rest of the world                         9%



5.3.1. Client Concentration
IFRS Accounting Standards guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known
to the reporting entity to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its
                                                             H                                      E
various agencies represented 14.2% of our revenue for Q4  G 2024 as compared to 14.0% for Q4 2023.
                                                                                               D
                                                                     F                       A
5.3.1. ClientB Concentration                                     E        Répartition
                                                                                                                                           A
                       Type de service                                                                                   Secteur cible
                                                                         géographique
IFRS Accounting Standards guidanceA    on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a C group of entities that are known
                                                        D
to the reporting entity to be under common control. As a consequence,
                                                                    B
                                                                      our  work for the U.S. federal government including its
various agencies represented 14.2% of our revenue for Q4 C  2024 as compared to 14.0% for Q4 2023. B


        A   Services en TI et                56 %   A   É.-U.                                    32 %   A   Gouvernements                      38 %
            en gestion des
                                                    B   Canada                                   15 %   B   Services ﬁnanciers                 22 %
            processus d’affaires
            en mode délégué                         C   France                                   15 %   C   Manufacturier,                     21 %
                                                                                                            distribution et détail
        B   Services de conseil              44 %   D   R.-U.                                    12 %
            en management                                                                               D   Communications                     13 %
                                                    E   Allemagne                                7%
            et en stratégie TI et                                                                           et services publics
            services d’intégration                  F   Finlande                                 6%
                                                                                                        E   Santé                              6%
            de systèmes                             G   Suède                                    4%
                                                    H   Reste du monde                           9%




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                       Page   38




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                       Page   38
                                                                                               FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 39
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5.4. REVENUE BY SEGMENT
Our segments are reported based on where the client's work is delivered from within our geographic delivery model.

The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment before
eliminations, separately showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between Q4 2024 and Q4 2023. The
Q4 2023 revenues by segment were recorded reflecting the actual foreign exchange rates for the respective period. The
foreign exchange impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the same period’s results converted
with the prior year’s foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                           Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                  2024            2023              $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Total CGI revenue                                                3,660,391       3,507,336         153,055              4.4%
 Constant currency revenue growth                                     2.0%
 Foreign currency impact                                              2.4%
 Variation over previous period                                       4.4%
 Western and Southern Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          603,646         606,528          (2,882)          (0.5%)
 Foreign currency impact                                            17,198
 Western and Southern Europe revenue                               620,844         606,528           14,316              2.4%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          568,506         567,267              1,239            0.2%
 Foreign currency impact                                             9,806
 U.S. Commercial and State Government revenue                      578,312         567,267           11,045              1.9%
 Canada
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          512,107         509,351              2,756            0.5%
 Foreign currency impact                                                 217
 Canada revenue                                                    512,324         509,351              2,973            0.6%
 U.S. Federal
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          514,100         489,813           24,287              5.0%
 Foreign currency impact                                             8,728
 U.S. Federal revenue                                              522,828         489,813           33,015              6.7%
 Scandinavia and Central Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          378,888         391,606         (12,718)          (3.2%)
 Foreign currency impact                                            14,239
 Scandinavia and Central Europe revenue                            393,127         391,606              1,521            0.4%
 U.K. and Australia
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          402,657         375,740           26,917              7.2%
 Foreign currency impact                                            18,667
 U.K. and Australia revenue                                        421,324         375,740           45,584          12.1%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          196,729         193,802              2,927            1.5%
 Foreign currency impact                                             6,403
 Finland, Poland and Baltics revenue                               203,132         193,802              9,330            4.8%




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                      Page       39
40 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




                                                                                                               Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                    2024             2023               $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Northwest and Central-East Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             201,162          187,101           14,061             7.5%
 Foreign currency impact                                                4,422
 Northwest and Central-East Europe revenue                            205,584          187,101           18,483             9.9%
 Asia Pacific
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             245,927          231,654           14,273             6.2%
 Foreign currency impact                                                1,096
 Asia Pacific revenue                                                 247,023          231,654           15,369             6.6%

 Eliminations                                                         (44,107)        (45,526)              1,419         (3.1%)

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, revenue was $3,660.4 million, an increase of $153.1 million or 4.4% over
the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $70.9 million or 2.0%. The increase in revenue
was mainly due to recent business acquisitions, one more available day to bill and organic growth within the government
vertical market. This was partially offset by lower demand within the financial services and communication and utilities vertical
markets.

5.4.1. Western and Southern Europe
Revenue in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $620.8 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $14.3 million or 2.4%
over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $2.9 million or 0.5%. The change in
revenue was mainly due to lower demand within the MRD vertical market and in business consulting services, mainly within
the financial services vertical market. This was partially offset by two more available days to bill.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Western and Southern Europe vertical markets were MRD and financial services,
generating combined revenues of approximately $360 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024.

5.4.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
Revenue in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $578.3 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $11.0 million
or 1.9% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $1.2 million or 0.2%. The
increase in revenue was mainly due to a recent business acquisition, organic growth within the MRD and government vertical
markets and one more available day to bill. This was partially offset by lower demand within the financial services and health
vertical markets, the increased use of our Asia Pacific offshore delivery centers for client work, as well as lower IP license
sales.

On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. Commercial and State Government vertical markets were financial services and
government, generating combined revenues of approximately $392 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024.

5.4.3. Canada
Revenue in the Canada segment was $512.3 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $3.0 million or 0.6% over the same period last
year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $2.8 million or 0.5%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to a
recent business acquisition within the financial services vertical market. This was partially offset by lower demand in the
communications and utilities vertical market.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services and communications and utilities,
generating combined revenues of approximately $359 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page     40
                                                                                                 FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 41
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5.4.4. U.S. Federal
Revenue in the U.S. Federal segment was $522.8 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $33.0 million or 6.7% over the same
period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $24.3 million or 5.0%. The increase in revenue was
mainly due to a recent business acquisition, higher transaction volumes related to our IP business process services and one
more available day to bill.

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, $474.5 million of revenues within the U.S. Federal segment were federal
civilian based.

5.4.5. Scandinavia and Central Europe
Revenue in the Scandinavia and Central Europe segment was $393.1 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $1.5 million or 0.4%
over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $12.7 million or 3.2%. The change in
revenue was mainly due to lower demand within the government and MRD vertical markets. This was partially offset by
adjustments of cost to complete on certain projects in the prior year and one more available day to bill.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Scandinavia and Central Europe vertical markets were MRD and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $289 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024.

5.4.6. U.K. and Australia
Revenue in the U.K. and Australia segment was $421.3 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $45.6 million or 12.1% over the
same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $26.9 million or 7.2%. The increase in revenue
was mainly due to organic growth within the government vertical market, including an increase in project related equipment
sales, as well as one more available day to bill.

On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. and Australia vertical markets were government and communications and
utilities, generating combined revenues of approximately $356 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024.

5.4.7. Finland, Poland and Baltics
Revenue in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $203.1 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $9.3 million or 4.8% over
the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $2.9 million or 1.5%. The increase in revenue
was mainly due to organic growth within the MRD vertical market and one more available day to bill. This was partially offset
by lower demand within the health vertical market.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Finland, Poland and Baltics vertical markets were financial services and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $119 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024.

5.4.8. Northwest and Central-East Europe
Revenue in the Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $205.6 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $18.5 million or
9.9% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $14.1 million or 7.5%. The increase
in revenue was mainly due to organic growth across most vertical markets, including an increase in IP-based revenue, and
one more available day to bill.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Northwest and Central-East Europe vertical markets were MRD and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $133 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024.

5.4.9. Asia Pacific
Revenue in the Asia Pacific segment was $247.0 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $15.4 million or 6.6% over the same period
last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $14.3 million or 6.2%. The increase in revenue was mainly due
to the continued demand for our offshore delivery centers within our financial services and MRD vertical markets, as well as
two more available days to bill.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page     41
42 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5.5. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                               Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                    2024             2023               $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Western and Southern Europe                                           65,109           78,068          (12,959)         (16.6%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   10.5%           12.9%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government                                  93,115           94,628           (1,513)          (1.6%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   16.1%           16.7%
 Canada                                                               110,871          127,385          (16,514)         (13.0%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   21.6%           25.0%
 U.S. Federal                                                          94,038           74,227           19,811           26.7%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   18.0%           15.2%
 Scandinavia and Central Europe                                        35,740           20,686           15,054           72.8%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    9.1%             5.3%
 U.K. and Australia                                                    62,321           60,638              1,683           2.8%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   14.8%           16.1%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics                                           38,662           27,383           11,279           41.2%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   19.0%           14.1%
 Northwest and Central-East Europe                                     31,234           26,471              4,763         18.0%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   15.2%           14.1%
 Asia Pacific                                                          69,159           63,553              5,606           8.8%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   28.0%           27.4%
 Adjusted EBIT                                                        600,249          573,039           27,210             4.7%
   Adjusted EBIT margin                                                 16.4%           16.3%

Adjusted EBIT for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was $600.2 million, an increase of $27.2 million from Q4 2023.
Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 16.4% from 16.3% when compared to last year. The increase was mainly due to one more
available day to bill, savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program and adjustments of cost to complete on certain
projects in the prior year within the Scandinavia and Central Europe segment. This was partially offset by the impact of lower
utilization within the financial services and communication and utilities vertical markets, as well as prior years adjustments for
R&D tax credits.

5.5.1. Western and Southern Europe
Adjusted EBIT in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $65.1 million in Q4 2024, a decrease of $13.0 million when
compared to Q4 2023. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 10.5% from 12.9% in Q4 2023. The change in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to prior years adjustments for R&D tax credits in France. This was partially offset by two more available
days to bill and savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program.

5.5.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $93.1 million in Q4 2024, a decrease of $1.5
million when compared to Q4 2023. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 16.1% from 16.7% in Q4 2023. The change in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to lower IP license sales, the impact of lower utilization within the financial services and
an adjustment due to the reevaluation of cost to complete on a project. This was partially offset by additional R&D tax credits
and savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page     42
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 43
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5.5.3. Canada
Adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $110.9 million in Q4 2024, a decrease of $16.5 million when compared to Q4 2023.
Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 21.6% from 25.0% in Q4 2023. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to
lower utilization within the communications and utilities and the financial services vertical markets, as well as the temporary
dilutive impact of a recent business acquisition within the financial services vertical market. This was partially offset by lower
performance based compensation accruals and savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program.

5.5.4. U.S. Federal
Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Federal segment was $94.0 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $19.8 million when compared to Q4
2023. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 18.0% from 15.2% in Q4 2023. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly
due to the higher transaction volumes related to our IP business process services, additional R&D tax credits and savings
generated from the Cost Optimization Program. This was partially offset by higher performance based compensation accruals
and the temporary dilutive impact of a recent business acquisition.

5.5.5. Scandinavia and Central Europe
Adjusted EBIT in the Scandinavia and Central Europe segment was $35.7 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $15.1 million
when compared to Q4 2023. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 9.1% from 5.3% in Q4 2023. The increase in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to adjustments of cost to complete on certain projects in the prior year, one more available day to bill,
savings generated from the Cost Optimization program, as well as lower performance based compensation accrual. This was
partially offset by lower utilization within the MRD and government vertical markets.

5.5.6. U.K. and Australia
Adjusted EBIT in the U.K. and Australia segment was $62.3 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $1.7 million when compared to
Q4 2023. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 14.8% from 16.1% in Q4 2023. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly
due to higher performance based compensation accruals, lower IP license sales, as well as project related equipment sales
within the government vertical market. This was partially offset by additional R&D tax credits, one more available day to bill and
savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program.

5.5.7. Finland, Poland and Baltics
Adjusted EBIT in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $38.7 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $11.3 million when
compared to Q4 2023. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 19.0% from 14.1% in Q4 2023. The increase in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to additional R&D tax credits, savings generated from the Cost Optimization Program, one more
available day to bill and profitable growth within the government and MRD vertical markets.

5.5.8. Northwest and Central-East Europe
Adjusted EBIT in the Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $31.2 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $4.8 million
when compared to Q4 2023. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.2% from 14.1% in Q4 2023. The increase in adjusted EBIT
was mainly due to one more available day to bill, profitable organic growth across most vertical markets and savings
generated from the Cost Optimization Program.

5.5.9. Asia Pacific
Adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $69.2 million in Q4 2024, an increase of $5.6 million when compared to Q4
2023. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 28.0% from 27.4% in Q4 2023. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly
due to two more available days to bill.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page    43
44 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5.6. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:

                                                                                                               Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                       2024            2023             $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
 Adjusted EBIT                                                          600,249         573,039          27,210             4.7%
 Minus the following items:
    Acquisition-related and integration costs                              3,443               —            3,443           —%
    Cost Optimization Program                                                  —           8,964         (8,964)            —%
    Net finance costs                                                      4,394           6,148         (1,754)        (28.5%)
 Earnings before income taxes                                           592,412         557,927          34,485             6.2%
 Income tax expense                                                     156,489         143,451          13,038             9.1%
    Effective tax rate                                                    26.4%           25.7%
 Net earnings                                                           435,923         414,476          21,447             5.2%
    Net earnings margin                                                   11.9%           11.8%
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple    225,247,324     231,931,083     (6,683,759)         (2.9%)
   voting) (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares ( multiple   228,777,092     235,703,369     (6,926,277)         (2.9%)
   voting) (diluted)
 Earnings per share (in dollars)
   Basic                                                                      1.94            1.79           0.15           8.4%
   Diluted                                                                    1.91            1.76           0.15           8.5%

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the income tax expense was $156.5 million compared to $143.5 million over
the same period last year, while our effective tax rate increased to 26.4% from 25.7%. The increase was mainly due to a higher
statutory tax rate in the U.K. and lower tax-exempt R&D credits, partially offset by the change in profitability mix in certain
geographies.

For Q4 2024, CGI’s basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased compared to Q4 2023 due
to the impact of the purchase for cancellation of Class A Shares during the year. This was partially offset by the exercise of
stock options during the year.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page      44
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 45
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5.6.1. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items
Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items, namely acquisition-related and integration
costs and the Cost Optimization Program:

                                                                                                              Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                      2024            2023             $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
 Earnings before income taxes                                          592,412         557,927          34,485             6.2%
 Add back:
    Acquisition-related and integration costs                             3,443               —            3,443           —%
    Cost Optimization Program                                                 —           8,964         (8,964)        (100.0%)
 Earnings before income taxes excluding specific items                 595,855         566,891          28,964             5.1%
 Income tax expense                                                    156,489         143,451          13,038             9.1%
    Effective tax rate                                                   26.4%           25.7%
 Add back:
    Tax deduction on acquisition-related and integration costs               279              —             279            —%
    Impact on effective tax rate                                         (0.1%)              —%
    Tax deduction on Cost Optimization Program                                —           2,240         (2,240)        (100.0%)
    Impact on effective tax rate                                             —%              —%
 Income tax expense excluding specific items                           156,768         145,691          11,077             7.6%
    Effective tax rate excluding specific items                          26.3%           25.7%
 Net earnings excluding specific items                                 439,087         421,200          17,887             4.2%
    Net earnings margin excluding specific items                         12.0%           12.0%
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple   225,247,324     231,931,083                          (2.9%)
   voting) (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple   228,777,092     235,703,369                          (2.9%)
   voting) (diluted)
 Earnings per share excluding specific items (in dollars)
   Basic                                                                     1.95            1.82           0.13           7.1%
   Diluted                                                                   1.92            1.79           0.13           7.3%




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page     45
46 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5.7. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
As at September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents were $1,461.1 million. Cash included in funds held for clients was
$233.6 million. The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash and cash equivalents for the
quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

 For the three months ended September 30,                                                                  2024                 2023               Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                       629,061              628,734                   327
 Cash used in investing activities                                                                         (565,189)             (93,002)            (472,187)
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                              31,588            (603,611)              635,199
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash included                          10,696                   111              10,585
 in funds held for clients
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds                                106,156             (67,768)              173,924
 held for clients


5.7.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
For Q4 2024, cash provided by operating activities was $629.1 million or 17.2% of revenue compared to $628.7 million or
17.9% of revenue for the same period last year.

The cash provided by operating activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly generated by
earnings before amortization, depreciation and impairment and by the timing of client collections, partially offset by timing of
tax installments.

The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities:

 For the three months ended September 30,                                                                  2024                 2023               Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Net earnings                                                                                                435,923              414,476               21,447
 Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                   123,050              138,097             (15,047)
 Deferred income tax recovery                                                                               (57,023)             (16,993)             (40,030)
                      1
 Other adjustments                                                                                            12,445               12,251                   194
 Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working                                   514,395              547,831             (33,436)
 capital items and others
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others:
     Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                              108,625              138,603             (29,978)
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation and employee-                             21,381               (1,956)              23,337
     related liabilities, provisions and long-term liabilities
     Income taxes                                                                                           (27,761)             (60,282)               32,521
              2
     Others                                                                                                   12,421                 4,538                7,883
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others                                                     114,666               80,903               33,763
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                       629,061              628,734                   327

 1
     Comprised of foreign exchange gain, share-based payment costs and gain on sale of property, plant and equipment and on lease terminations.
 2
     Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets (excluding long-term receivables), derivative financial instruments and retirement
     benefits obligations.

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the increase of $0.3 million from our cash provided by operating activities
was mostly due to timing of supplier payments and earnings before amortization, depreciation and impairment, partially offset
by the timing of tax installment payments.

The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                          Page     46
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 47
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




5.7.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
For Q4 2024, $565.2 million were used in investing activities while $93.0 million were used in the prior year.
The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from investing activities:

 For the three months ended September 30,                                            2024             2023           Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Business acquisitions (net of cash acquired)                                        (330,158)                —       (330,158)
 Loan receivable                                                                         1,988            1,754            234
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                            (23,385)         (34,455)         11,070
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                     5,732                —          5,732
 Additions to contract costs                                                          (25,194)         (24,585)           (609)
 Additions to intangible assets                                                       (33,057)         (47,965)         14,908
 Net change in short-term and long-term investments                                  (161,115)           12,249       (173,364)
 Cash used in investing activities                                                   (565,189)         (93,002)       (472,187)

The increase of $472.2 million in cash used in investing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was
mainly due to recent business acquisitions and the net impact of proceeds and purchases of our funds held for clients'
investments.

5.7.3. Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
For Q4 2024, $31.6 million were provided by financing activities while $603.6 million were used in the prior year.
The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from financing activities:

 For the three months ended September 30,                                            2024             2023           Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Increase of long-term debt                                                            747,073                —        747,073
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                         (475,793)         (70,320)       (405,473)
 Payment of lease liabilities                                                         (28,413)         (43,713)         15,300
 Repayment of debt assumed in a business acquisition                                 (162,146)                —       (162,146)
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                         20,856            2,921         17,935
 Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of performance share units             (526)               (29)         (497)
 Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares                       (49,366)        (324,667)        275,301
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                          18,037           12,527          5,510
 Net change in clients' funds obligations                                             (38,134)        (180,330)        142,196
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                        31,588        (603,611)        635,199

The change of $635.2 million was mainly driven by the issuance of senior unsecured notes for an amount of $747.1 million
(see section 2.4. of the present document), the purchase for cancellation of Class A Shares and by the net change in clients'
funds obligations. These were partially offset by the scheduled repayments in full of senior unsecured notes in the amount of
$475.8 million (US$350.0 million) and by the repayment of debt assumed from a business acquisition.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page     47
48 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




6. Eight Quarter Summary
                                                                Sept. 30,     Jun. 30,      Mar. 31,      Dec. 31,     Sept. 30,     Jun. 30,     Mar. 31,      Dec. 31,
 As at and for the three months ended                            2024          2024          2024          2023         2023          2023         2023          2022
 In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
 Growth
 Revenue                                                          3,660.4      3,672.0       3,740.8      3,603.0       3,507.3       3,623.4      3,715.3       3,450.3
 Year-over-year revenue growth                                     4.4%          1.3%         0.7%          4.4%          8.0%        11.2%         13.7%         11.6%
 Constant currency revenue growth                                  2.0%          0.2%         0.0%          1.5%          2.2%         6.3%         11.4%         12.3%
 Backlog  1
                                                                  28,724        27,563       26,823        26,573       26,059        25,633        25,241       25,011
 Bookings                                                          3,823        4,280         3,754         4,187        3,996         4,388        3,839         4,035
 Book-to-bill ratio                                               104.4%       116.6%        100.4%       116.2%        113.9%        121.1%       103.3%        117.0%
 Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve months                        109.3%       111.7%        112.8%       113.6%        113.7%        113.3%       109.1%        108.9%
 Profitability
 Earnings before income taxes                                      592.4        594.0         577.4         527.1        557.9         559.0        564.5         516.5
    Earnings before income taxes margin                           16.2%         16.2%         15.4%        14.6%         15.9%        15.4%         15.2%         15.0%

 Adjusted EBIT    2
                                                                   600.2        602.8         628.5         584.2        573.0         584.8        600.8         554.1
    Adjusted EBIT margin                                          16.4%         16.4%         16.8%        16.2%         16.3%        16.1%         16.2%         16.1%
 Net earnings                                                      435.9        440.1         426.9         389.8        414.5         415.0        419.4         382.4
    Net earnings margin                                           11.9%         12.0%         11.4%        10.8%         11.8%        11.5%         11.3%         11.1%
 Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                          1.91          1.91          1.83         1.67          1.76          1.75         1.76          1.60

 Net earnings excluding specific items2                            439.1        440.2         459.4         427.2        421.2         425.7        435.0         398.2
    Net earnings margin excluding specific items                  12.0%         12.0%         12.3%        11.9%         12.0%        11.7%         11.7%         11.5%

 Diluted EPS excluding specific items (in dollars)        2
                                                                   1.92          1.91          1.97         1.83          1.79          1.80         1.82          1.66
 Liquidity
 Cash provided by operating activities                             629.1        496.7         502.0         577.2        628.7         409.1        469.1         605.3
    As a percentage of revenue                                    17.2%         13.5%         13.4%        16.0%         17.9%        11.3%         12.6%         17.5%
 Days sales outstanding                                              41           42            40           41            44            44           41            44
 Capital structure
 Long-term debt and lease liabilities3                            3,308.4      3,045.6       3,028.9      3,001.1       3,742.3       3,765.9      3,852.7       3,876.4
 Net debt  2
                                                                  1,819.8      1,854.0       1,730.5      1,843.7       2,134.6       2,279.6      2,529.0       2,503.8
 Net debt to capitalization ratio                                  16.2%        17.2%         16.4%        17.6%         20.4%        21.7%         24.0%         24.1%
 Return on invested capital                                        16.0%        16.1%         15.9%        15.9%         16.0%        15.7%         15.6%         15.5%
 Balance sheet
 Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term                        1,464.4      1,158.7       1,273.0      1,141.0       1,575.6       1,471.9      1,285.5       1,331.1
 investments
 Total assets                                                    16,685.5     15,793.9      15,737.4      15,513.5     15,799.5      16,080.1      16,101.7     15,915.9
 Long-term financial liabilities4                                 3,176.9      2,389.5       2,363.1      2,319.4       2,386.2       2,885.2      2,946.1       2,971.6


1
     Approximately $11.4 billion of our backlog as at September 30, 2024 is expected to be converted into revenue within the next twelve months, $9.3 billion
     within one to three years, $3.5 billion within three to five years and $4.5 billion in more than five years.
2
     See sections on Adjusted EBIT by Segment, Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items and Selected Measures of Capital Resources and
     Liquidity sections of each quarter's respective MD&A for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.
3
     Long-term debt and lease liabilities include both the current and long-term portions of the long-term debt and lease liabilities.
4
     Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt, long-term portion of lease liabilities and the long-term derivative financial instruments.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                                   Page       48
                                                                                                 FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 49
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




There are factors causing quarterly variances which may not be reflective of the Company’s future performance. There is
seasonality in system integration and consulting work, and the quarterly performance of these operations is impacted by
occurrences such as vacations, calendar days and the number of statutory holidays in any given quarter. Managed IT and
business process services contracts are affected to a lesser extent by seasonality. Also, the workflow from some clients may
fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on their business cycle and the seasonality of their own operations. Further, the
savings that we generate for a client on a given managed IT and business process services contract may temporarily reduce
our revenue stream from this client, as these savings may not be immediately offset by additional work performed for this
client.

Cash flow from operating activities could vary significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of payments
received from clients, cash requirements associated with large acquisitions, managed IT and business process services
contracts and projects, the timing of the reimbursements for various tax credits, performance based compensation to
employees as well as the timing of severance payments related to the integration of our acquisitions and our Cost Optimization
Program.

Foreign exchange fluctuations can also contribute to quarterly variances as our percentage of operations in foreign countries
evolves. The effect from these variances is primarily on our revenue and to a much lesser extent, on our margin as we benefit,
as much as possible, from natural hedges.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page    49
50 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




7. Changes in Accounting Policies
The audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 include all adjustments that
CGI’s management considers necessary for the fair presentation of its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD

The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2023:

Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8

In February 2021, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) amended IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in
Accounting estimates and Errors to introduce a definition of accounting estimates and to help entities distinguish changes in
accounting policies from changes in accounting estimates. This distinction is important because changes in accounting policies
must be applied retrospectively while changes in accounting estimates are accounted for prospectively.

Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – Amendments to IAS 12

In May 2021, the IASB amended IAS 12 Income Taxes, to narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption so that it does
not apply to transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences.

The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no impact on the Company's audited consolidated financial
statements.


International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12

On May 23, 2023, the IASB amended IAS 12 Income Taxes, to address the Pillar Two model rules for domestic
implementation of a 15% global minimum tax. The standard amendments introduced a temporary recognition exception in
relation to accounting and disclosure for deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the international tax reform, which
was applied as of that date.

Since March 31, 2024, the Company is subject to additional disclosure requirements on current tax expense related to Pillar
Two income taxes, as well as qualitative and quantitative information about the exposure to Pillar Two income taxes. The
Company has performed an assessment of its potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes based on the most recent
country-by-country reporting and financial statements for its constituent entities.

The Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12 had no significant impact on the Company’s audited consolidated
financial statements.


FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
The following standard amendments are effective as of October 1, 2024:
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Information about long-term debt with covenants –
Amendments to IAS 1
In January 2020, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, clarifying that the classification of liabilities as
current or non-current is based on existing rights at the end of the reporting period, independent of whether the Company will
exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability. Subsequently, in October 2022, the IASB introduced additional amendments
to IAS 1, emphasizing that covenants for long-term debt, regardless whether the covenants were compliant after the reporting
date, should not affect debt classification; instead, companies are required to disclose information about these covenants in
the notes accompanying their financial statements.

Supplier Finance Arrangements - Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7

In May 2023, the IASB amended IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to introduce
new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency on supplier finance arrangements and their impact on the
Company’s liabilities, cash flows and liquidity exposure. The new disclosure requirements will include information such as

© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page    50
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 51
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




terms and conditions, the carrying amount of liabilities, the range of payment due dates, non-cash changes and liquidity risk
information around supplier finance arrangements.

The implementation of these standard amendments will result in no impact on the Company's audited consolidated financial
statements.


The following standard amendments have been issued and will be effective as of October 1, 2026 for the Company, with
earlier application permitted. The Company will evaluate the impact of these standard amendments on its audited consolidated
financial statements.

Classification and measurement of Financial Instruments – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7

In May 2024, the IASB issued Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments, which amend
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures. The standard amendments clarify that a financial
liability is derecognized on the settlement date, specifically when the related obligation is discharged or cancelled or expires or
the liability otherwise qualified for derecognition. Furthermore, they clarify the treatment of non-recourse assets and
contractually linked instruments and they introduce additional disclosures for financial assets and liabilities with contractual
terms that reference a contingent event, and equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income.
The new requirements will be applied retrospectively. An entity is required to disclose information about financial assets that
change their measurement category due to the standard amendments.


The following standard has been issued by the IASB and will be effective as of October 1, 2027 for the Company, with earlier
application permitted. The Company will evaluate the impact of this standard on its audited consolidated financial statements.

IFRS 18 - Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

In April 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements which is set to replace IAS 1
Presentation of Financial Statements. The new IFRS accounting standard is aimed to improve comparability and transparency
of communication in financial statements. While a number of sections from IAS 1 have been brought forward to IFRS 18, the
standard introduces new requirements on presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and
subtotals. It also requires disclosure of management-defined financial performance measures used in public communications
outside financial statements and includes new requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of financial information based
on the identified roles of the primary financial statements and the notes. Retrospective application is required in both annual
and interim financial statements.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page   51
52 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




8. Critical Accounting Estimates
The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in note 3 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the
years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Certain of these accounting policies, listed below, require management to make
accounting estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and equity and the accompanying
disclosures at the date of the audited consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. These accounting estimates are considered critical because they require management
to make subjective and/or complex judgements that are inherently uncertain and because they could have a material impact
on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations.

                                               Consolidated
    Areas impacted by estimates                  balance                                   Consolidated statements of earnings
                                                 sheets

                                                                                        Cost of           Amortization
                                                                                       services,                              Net finance           Income
                                                                     Revenue                                  and
                                                                                      selling and                               costs                taxes
                                                                                                          depreciation
                                                                                     administrative

    Revenue recognition1                              ü                  ü                   ü
    Goodwill impairment                               ü                                                         ü
    Right-of-use assets and lease
    liabilities                                       ü                                                         ü                  ü
    Business combinations                             ü                  ü                   ü                  ü                                         ü
    Income taxes                                      ü                                                                                                   ü
    Litigation and claims                             ü                  ü                   ü
1
         Affects the balance sheet through trade accounts receivable, work in progress, provision on revenue-generating contracts and deferred revenue.

Revenue recognition

Relative stand-alone selling price

If an arrangement involves the provision of multiple performance obligations, the total arrangement value is allocated to each
performance obligation based on its relative stand-alone selling price. At least on a yearly basis, the Company reviews its best
estimate of the stand-alone selling price which is established by using a reasonable range of prices for the various services
and solutions offered by the Company based on local market information available. Information used in determining the range
is mainly based on recent contracts signed and the economic environment. A change in the range could have a material
impact on the allocation of total arrangement value, and therefore on the amount and timing of revenue recognition.

Business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed fee arrangements

Revenue from business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements is
recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over time, as the Company has no alternative use for the asset
created and has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The Company primarily uses labour costs
to measure the progress towards completion. Project managers monitor and re-evaluate project forecasts on a monthly basis.
Forecasts are reviewed to consider factors such as: delays in reaching milestones and complexities in the project delivery.
Forecasts can also be affected by market risks such as the availability and retention of qualified IT professionals and/or the
ability of the subcontractors to perform their obligations within agreed budget and time frames. To the extent that actual labour
costs could vary from estimates, adjustments to revenue following the review of the costs to complete on projects are reflected
in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision occur. Whenever the total costs are forecasted to be higher than
the total revenue, a provision on revenue-generating contract is recorded.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                           Page   52
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 53
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




Goodwill impairment

The carrying value of goodwill is tested for impairment annually or if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may be impaired. In order to determine if a goodwill impairment test is required, management reviews different
factors on a quarterly basis, such as changes in technological or market environment, changes in assumptions used to derive
the weighted average cost of capital and actual financial performance compared to planned performance.

The recoverable amount of each operating segment has been determined based on its value in use calculation, which includes
estimates about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management. However, factors such as
our ability to continue developing and expanding services offered to address emerging business demands and technology
trends, a lengthened sales cycle and our ability to hire and retain qualified IT professionals affect future cash flows, and actual
results might differ from future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment test. Key assumptions used in goodwill impairment
testing are presented in note 12 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023. Historically, the Company has not recorded an impairment charge on goodwill.

Right-of-use assets

Estimates of the lease term

The Company estimates the lease term in order to calculate the value of the lease liability at the initial date of the lease.
Management uses judgement to determine the appropriate lease term based on the conditions of each lease. Lease extension
or termination options are only considered in the lease term if it is reasonably certain of being exercised. Factors evaluated
include value of leasehold improvements required and any potential incentive to take the option.

Discount rate for leases

The discount rate is used to determine the initial carrying amount of the lease liabilities and the right-of-use assets. The
Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each lease or portfolio of leased assets, as most of the implicit interest
rates in the leases are not readily determinable. To calculate the incremental borrowing rate, the Company considers its credit
worthiness, the term of the arrangement, any collateral received and the economic environment at the lease date. Lease
liabilities are remeasured (along with the corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset), whenever the following situations
occur:

     –    a modification in the lease term or a change in the assessment of an option to extend, purchase or terminate the
          lease, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
          rate; and

     –    a modification in the residual guarantees or in future lease payments due to a change of an index or rate tied to the
          payments, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial
          discount rate determined when setting up the liability.

In addition, upon partial or full termination of a lease, the difference between the carrying amounts of the lease liability and the
right-of-use asset is recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.

Business combinations

Management makes assumptions when determining the acquisition-date fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed which involve estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows, discount rates
and the useful lives of the assets acquired.
Additionally, management's judgement is required in determining whether an intangible asset is identifiable and should be
recorded separately from goodwill.
Changes in the above assumptions, estimates and judgements could affect our acquisition-date fair values and therefore could
have material impacts on our audited consolidated financial statements. These changes are recorded as part of the purchase
price allocation and therefore result in corresponding goodwill adjustments if they occurred during the measurement period,
which does not exceed one year. All other subsequent changes are recorded in our consolidated statement of earnings.



© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   53
54 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




Income taxes

Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
that taxable profit will be available for their utilization. The Company considers the analysis of forecast and future tax planning
strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are reviewed each reporting period and updated, based on the forecast by jurisdiction on
an undiscounted basis. Due to the uncertainty and the variability of the factors mentioned above, deferred tax assets are
subject to change. Management reviews its assumptions on a quarterly basis and adjusts the deferred tax assets when
appropriate.

The Company is subject to income tax laws in numerous jurisdictions. Judgement is required in determining the worldwide
provision for income taxes as the determination of tax liabilities and assets involves uncertainties in the interpretation of
complex tax regulations and requires estimates and assumptions considering the existing facts and circumstances. The
Company provides for potential tax liabilities based on the most likely amount of the possible outcomes. Estimates are
reviewed each reporting period and updated, based on new information available, and could result in changes to the income
tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities in the period in which such determinations are made.

Litigation and claims

Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The accrued litigation and legal claim provisions are based on historical
experience, current trends and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates
include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable
outcome. Management reviews assumptions and facts surrounding outstanding litigation and claims on a quarterly basis,
involves external counsel when necessary and adjusts such provisions accordingly. The Company has to be compliant with
applicable law in many jurisdictions which increases the complexity of determining the adequate provision following a litigation
review. Since the outcome of such litigation and claims is not predictable with assurance, those provisions are subject to
change. Adjustments to litigation and claims provisions are reflected in the period when the facts that give rise to an
adjustment occur.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page   54
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 55
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




9. Integrity of Disclosure
The Board of Directors has the responsibility under its charter and under the securities laws that govern CGI’s continuous
disclosure obligations to oversee CGI's compliance with its continuous and timely disclosure obligations, as well as the
integrity of the Company's internal controls and management information systems. The Board of Directors carries out this
responsibility mainly through its Audit and Risk Management Committee.

CGI's Audit and Risk Management Committee is composed entirely of independent directors who meet the independence and
experience requirements of National Instrument 52-110 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators as well as those of
the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The role and responsibilities
of the Audit and Risk Management Committee include: (i) reviewing public disclosure documents containing financial
information concerning CGI; (ii) identifying and examining material financial and operating risks to which the Company is
exposed, reviewing the various policies and practices of the Company that are intended to manage those risks, and reporting
on a regular basis to the Board of Directors concerning risk management; (iii) reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of
CGI’s accounting policies and practices concerning financial reporting; (iv) reviewing and monitoring CGI’s internal control
procedures, programs and policies and assessing their adequacy and effectiveness; (v) reviewing the adequacy of CGI’s
internal audit resources including the mandate and objectives of the internal auditor; (vi) recommending to the Board of
Directors the appointment of the external auditor, assessing the external auditor’s independence, reviewing the terms of their
engagement, conducting an annual auditor's performance assessment, and pursuing ongoing discussions with them; (vii)
reviewing related party transactions in accordance with the rules of the NYSE and other applicable laws and regulations; (viii)
reviewing the audit procedures including the proposed scope of the external auditor's examinations; and (ix) performing such
other functions as are usually attributed to audit committees or as directed by the Board of Directors. In making its
recommendation to the Board of Directors in relation to the annual appointment of the external auditor, the Audit and Risk
Management Committee conducts an annual assessment of the external auditor's performance following the
recommendations of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada. The formal assessment is concluded in advance of
the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and is conducted with the assistance of key CGI employees.

The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance
that material information relating to the Company is made known to the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
by others, particularly during the period in which annual and interim filings are prepared, and that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in its annual filings, interim filings or other reports filed or submitted by the Company under
Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under
those laws and the related rules. As at September 30, 2024, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures as defined under National Instrument 52-109 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and
in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as at September 30, 2024.

The Company has also established and maintains internal control over financial reporting, as defined under National
Instrument 52-109 and in Rule 13(a)-15(f) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, and effected by management and other key CGI employees, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with IFRS Accounting Standards. However, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls over
financial reporting as at September 30, 2024, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013). Based on that evaluation,
management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer as well as the Chief Financial
Officer concluded that the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting was effective as at September 30, 2024.


© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page   55
56 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




The Company’s assessment and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting excludes the
controls, policies and procedures of Aeyon, the control of which was acquired on September 13, 2024. The scope limitation is
in accordance with section 3.3(1)(b) of National Instrument 52-109, which allows an issuer to limit the design of disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to exclude controls, policies, and procedures of a
business that the issuer acquired not more than 365 days before the end of the financial period in question. Aeyon’s results
since the acquisition date represented 0.1% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2024 and constituted 3.2% of total
assets as at September 30, 2024.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                       Page     56
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 57
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




10. Risk Environment
10.1. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
While we are confident about our long-term prospects, a number of risks and uncertainties could affect our ability to achieve
our strategic vision and objectives for growth. The following risks and uncertainties should be considered when evaluating our
potential as an investment.

10.1.1. External Risks
We may be adversely affected by volatile, negative or uncertain economic and political conditions and the effects of these
conditions on our clients’ businesses and levels of activity.

Economic and political conditions in the markets in which we operate have a bearing upon the results of our operations,
directly and through their effect on the level of business activity of our clients. We can neither predict the impact that current
economic and political conditions will have on our future revenue, nor predict changes in economic conditions or future political
uncertainty. The level of activity of our clients and potential clients may be affected by an economic downturn or political
uncertainty. Clients may cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts and delay entering into new engagements and may decide
to undertake fewer IT systems projects resulting in limited implementation of new technology and smaller engagements. Since
there may be fewer engagements, competition may increase and pricing for services may decline as competitors may
decrease rates to maintain or increase their market share in our industry and this may trigger pricing adjustments related to the
benchmarking obligations within our contracts. Economic downturns and political uncertainty make it more difficult to meet
business objectives and may divert management’s attention and time from operating and growing our business. Our business,
results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected as a result of these factors.

We may be adversely affected by additional external risks, such as terrorism, armed conflict, labour or social unrest, inflation,
rising energy and commodity costs, recession, criminal activity, hostilities, disease, illness or health emergencies, natural
disasters and climate change and the effects of these conditions on our clients, our business and on market volatility.

Additional external risks that could adversely impact the markets in which we operate, our industry and our business include
terrorism, armed conflict, labour or social unrest, inflation, recession, criminal activity, regional and international hostilities and
international responses to these hostilities, and disease, illness or health emergencies that affect local, national or international
economies. Additionally, the potential impacts of climate change are unpredictable and natural disasters, sea-level rise, floods,
droughts or other weather-related events present additional external risks, as they could disrupt our internal operations or the
operations of our clients, impact our employee's health and safety and increase insurance and other operating costs. Climate
change risks can arise from physical risks (risks related to the physical effects of climate change), transition risks (risks related
to regulatory, legal, technological and market changes from a transition to a low-carbon economy), as well as reputational risks
related to our management of climate-related issues and our level of disclosure related to such matters (see Our inability to
meet regulatory requirements and/or stakeholders expectations of disclosure, management and implementation of ESG
initiatives and standards, could have a material adverse effect on our business). Climate change risk, and/or any of these
additional external risks, may affect us or affect the financial viability of our clients leading to a reduction of demand and loss of
business from such clients. Each of these risks could negatively impact our business, results of operation and financial
condition.

As a result of external risks, inflation, and rising energy and commodity costs, global equity and capital markets may
experience significant volatility and weakness. The duration and impact of these events are unknown at this time, nor is the
impact on our operations and the market for our securities.

Prolonged periods of inflation could increase our costs and impact our profitability, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial condition.

High levels of inflation may subject us to significant cost pressures and lead to market volatility. As a result, governments may
adopt initiatives to combat inflation (for example, raising benchmark interest rate), thus increasing our cost of borrowing and


© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                Page   57
58 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




decreasing the liquidity of capital markets. Our clients may have difficulty budgeting for external IT services or delay their
payment for services provided. High inflation can lead to increased costs of labor and our employee compensation expenses.
If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs
through price increases, and there is no assurance that our revenues will increase at the same rate to maintain the same level
of profitability. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business and financial condition.

Pandemics may cause disruptions in our operations and the operations of our clients (which may lead to increased risk and
frequency of cybersecurity incidents), market volatility and economic disruption, which could adversely affect us.

A pandemic can create significant volatility and uncertainty and economic disruption and can pose the risk that our employees,
clients, contractors and business partners may be prevented from, or restricted in, conducting business activities for an
indefinite period, including due to the transmission of the disease or to emergency measures or restrictions that may be
requested or mandated by governmental authorities. A pandemic may also result in governments worldwide enacting
emergency preventive measures, such as the implementation of border closures, travel bans or restrictions, lock-downs,
quarantine periods, vaccine mandates or passports, social distancing, testing requirements, stay-at-home and work-from-
home policies and the temporary closure of non-essential businesses. These emergency measures and restrictions, and future
measures and restrictions taken in response to a pandemic may cause material disruptions to businesses globally and have
an adverse impact on global economic conditions and consumer confidence and spending, which could materially adversely
affect our business.

Additionally, the onset of a pandemic may affect the financial viability of our clients, and could cause them to exit certain
business lines, or change the terms on which they are willing to purchase services and solutions. Clients may also slow down
decision-making, delay planned work, seek to terminate existing agreements, not renew existing agreements or be unable to
pay us in accordance with the terms of existing agreements.

As a result of increased remote working arrangements due to a pandemic, the exposure to, and reliance on, networked
systems and the internet can increase. This can lead to increased risk and frequency of cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity
incidents can result from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by insiders or third parties, including cybercriminals,
competitors, nation-states, and hacktivists. Any of these events could cause or contribute to risk and uncertainty and could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

As a result of a pandemic, global equity and capital markets can experience significant volatility and weakness, leading
governments and central banks to react with significant monetary and fiscal interventions designed to stabilize economic
conditions.

It is not possible to reliably estimate the length and severity of a pandemic or any impact on our financial results, share price
and financial condition in future periods. There can be no assurance that our actions taken in response to a pandemic will
succeed in preventing or mitigating any negative impacts on our Company, employees, clients, contractors and business
partners.

As a foreign private issuer who files using the multijurisdictional disclosure system (MJDS), we are subject to different U.S.
securities laws and rules, which could limit our level of disclosure to investors.

We are a “foreign private issuer” for purposes of U.S. securities laws who files disclosure documents using the
multijurisdictional disclosure system (MJDS) and, as a result, are not subject to the same requirements that are imposed upon
U.S. domestic issuers by the SEC. In particular, we are exempt from the rules and regulations under the U.S. securities laws
related to the furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt
from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the “Exchange Act”). We also are exempt from the provisions of Regulation FD under the Exchange Act, which in certain
circumstances prohibits the selective disclosure of material non-public information, although we generally attempt to comply
with Regulation FD. These exemptions and leniencies may reduce the frequency and scope of information that we disclose
relative to the information generally provided by U.S. domestic companies.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page    58
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 59
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




It may be difficult to enforce civil liabilities under U.S. securities laws.

The Company is governed by the Business Corporations Act (Quebec) and with its principal place of business in Canada. The
enforcement by investors of civil liabilities under the U.S. securities laws may be affected adversely by the fact that we are
organized under the laws of Canada, that some or all of our officers and directors may be residents of a foreign country, and
that a substantial portion of our assets and those of said persons may be located outside the United States.

10.1.2. Risks Related to our Industry
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive.

CGI operates in a global marketplace in which competition among providers of IT services is vigorous. Some of our
competitors possess greater financial, marketing and sales resources, and larger geographic scope in certain parts of the
world than we do, which, in turn, provides them with additional leverage in the competition for contracts. In certain niche,
regional or metropolitan markets, we face smaller competitors with specialized capabilities who may be able to provide
competing services with greater economic efficiency. Some of our competitors have more significant operations than we do in
lower cost countries that can serve as a platform from which to provide services worldwide on terms that may be more
favourable. Increased competition among IT services firms often results in corresponding pressure on prices. There can be no
assurance that we will succeed in providing competitively priced services at levels of service and quality that will enable us to
maintain and grow our market share.

We derive significant revenue from contracts awarded through competitive bidding processes, which limit the Company's
ability to negotiate certain contractual terms and conditions. Risks related to competitive bidding processes also involve
substantial cost and managerial time and effort spent by the Company to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may or
may not be awarded to the Company, as well as expenses and delays that may arise if the Company's competitors protest or
challenge awards made to the Company pursuant to competitive bidding processes.

Even when a contract is awarded to the Company following a competitive bidding process, we may fail to accurately estimate
the resources and costs required to fulfill the contract.

We may not be able to continue developing and expanding service offerings to address emerging business demands and
technology trends.

The rapid pace of change in all aspects of IT and the continually declining costs of acquiring and maintaining IT infrastructure
mean that we must anticipate changes in our clients’ needs. To do so, we must adapt our services and our solutions so that we
maintain and improve our competitive advantage and remain able to provide cost effective services and solutions. Offerings
relating to digital, cloud and security services are examples of areas that are continually evolving, as well as changes and
developments in artificial intelligence (including generative AI, as well as automation and machine learning) (AI). The markets
in which we operate are extremely competitive and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing and adapting
our business in a timely manner nor that we will be able to penetrate new markets successfully. If we do not keep pace with
meeting the evolving needs of clients, including in the emerging field of AI, our ability to retain existing clients and gain new
business may be adversely affected. As we expand our offerings of services and solutions, and as we expand such offerings
into new markets, we may be exposed to operational, legal, regulatory, ethical, technological and other risks specific to such
expanded services and solutions and such new markets. These factors may result in pressure on our revenue, net earnings
and resulting cash flow from operations.

We may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others.

Despite our efforts, the steps we take to ensure that our services and offerings do not infringe on the intellectual property rights
of third parties may not be adequate to prevent infringement and, as a result, claims may be asserted against us or our clients.
We enter into licensing agreements for the right to use intellectual property and may otherwise offer indemnities against liability
and damages arising from third-party claims of patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret infringement in respect of our own
intellectual property or software or other solutions developed for our clients. In some instances, the amount of these indemnity



© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page   59
60 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




claims could be greater than the revenue we receive from the client (see Indemnity provisions and guarantees in various
agreements to which we are party may require us to compensate our counterparties). Intellectual property claims or litigation
could be time-consuming and costly, harm our reputation, require us to enter into additional royalty or licensing arrangements,
or prevent us from providing some solutions or services. Any limitation on our ability to sell or use solutions or services that
incorporate software or technologies that are the subject of a claim could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities or
require us to incur additional expenses to modify solutions for future projects.

We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies, processes, know-how, tools, techniques
and other intellectual property that we use to provide our services. Although CGI takes reasonable steps (e.g. available
copyright protection and, in some cases, patent protection) to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights, there is no
assurance that such measures will be enforceable or adequate. The cost of enforcing our rights, or our inability to protect
against infringement or unauthorized copying or use, can be substantial and, in certain cases, may prove to be uneconomic. In
addition, the laws of some countries in which we conduct business may offer only limited intellectual property rights protection.
Despite our efforts, the steps taken to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or
other misappropriation of intellectual property, and we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property,
or take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights.

We face risks associated with benchmarking provisions within certain contracts.

Some of our managed IT and business process services contracts contain clauses allowing our clients to externally
benchmark the pricing of agreed upon services against those offered by other providers in a peer comparison group. The
uniqueness of the client environment should be factored in and, if results indicate a difference outside the agreed upon
tolerance, we may be required to work with clients to reset the pricing for their services. There can be no assurance that
benchmarks will produce accurate or reliable data, including pricing data. This may result in pressure on our revenue, net
earnings and resulting cash flow from operations.


10.1.3. Risks Related to our Business

We may experience fluctuations in our financial results, making it difficult to predict future results.

Our ability to maintain and increase our revenue is affected not only by our success in implementing our Build and Buy growth
strategy, but also by a number of other factors, which could cause the Company's financial results to fluctuate. These factors
include: (i) our ability to introduce and deliver new services and business solutions; (ii) our potential exposure to a lengthened
sales cycle; (iii) the cyclicality of the purchases of our technology services and solutions; (iv) the nature of our client’s business
(for example, if a client encounters financial difficulty (including as a result of external risks such as climate change or a
pandemic), it may be forced to cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts with us); and (v) the structure of our agreements with
clients (for example, some of CGI's agreements with clients contain clauses allowing the clients to benchmark the pricing of
services provided by CGI against the prices offered by other providers). These, and other factors, make it difficult to predict
financial results for any given period.

Our revenues may be exposed to fluctuations based on our business mix.

The proportion of revenue that we generate from shorter-term system integration and consulting projects (SI&C), versus
revenue from long-term managed IT and business process services contracts, will fluctuate at times, affected by acquisitions
or other transactions. An increased exposure to revenue from SI&C projects may result in greater quarterly revenue variations,
as the revenue from SI&C projects does not provide long-term consistency in revenue.

Our current operations are international in scope, subjecting us to a variety of financial, regulatory, cultural, political and social
challenges.

We manage operations in numerous countries around the world including offshore delivery centers. The scope of our
operations (including our offshore delivery centers) subjects us to issues that can negatively impact our operations, including:

© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                Page   60
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 61
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




(i) currency fluctuations (see We may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations); (ii) the burden of complying with a wide
variety of national and local laws (see Changes in the laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which we operate may
have a material adverse effect on our global business operations and profitability); (iii) the differences in and uncertainties
arising from local business culture and practices; (iv) and political, social and economic instability. Any or all of these risks
could impact our global business operations and cause our revenue and/or profitability to decline.

We may not be able to successfully implement and manage our growth strategy.

CGI’s Build and Buy growth strategy is founded on four pillars of growth: first, profitable organic growth through contract wins,
renewals and extensions with new and existing clients in our targeted industries; second, the pursuit of new large long-term
managed IT and business process services contracts; third, metro market acquisitions; and fourth, large transformational
acquisitions.

Our ability to achieve organic growth is affected by a number of factors outside of our control, including a lengthening of our
sales cycle for major managed IT and business process services contracts.

Our ability to grow through metro market and transformational acquisitions requires that we identify suitable acquisition targets
that we correctly evaluate their potential as transactions that will meet our financial and operational objectives, and that we
successfully integrate them into our business. There can, however, be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable
acquisition targets and consummate additional acquisitions that meet our economic thresholds, or that future acquisitions will
be successfully integrated into our operations and yield the tangible accretive value that had been expected. If we are unable
to implement our Build and Buy growth strategy, we will likely be unable to maintain our historic or expected growth rates.

We may be unable to integrate new operations, which could impact our ability to achieve our growth and profitability
objectives.

The realization of anticipated benefits from mergers, acquisitions and related activities depends, in part, upon our ability to
integrate the acquired business, the realization of synergies, efficient consolidation of the operations of the acquired
businesses into our existing operations, cost management to avoid duplication, information systems integration, staff
reorganization, establishment of controls, procedures and policies, performance of the management team and other
employees of the acquired operations as well as cultural alignment.

The successful integration of new operations arising from our acquisition strategy or from large managed IT and business
process services contracts requires that a substantial amount of management time and attention be focused on integration
tasks. Management time that is devoted to integration activities may detract from management’s normal operations focus with
resulting pressure on the revenues and earnings from our existing operations. In addition, we may face complex and
potentially time-consuming challenges in implementing uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across new
operations when harmonizing their activities with those of our existing business units. Integration activities can result in
unanticipated operational problems, expenses and liabilities.

Following an acquisition closing date, we may remain reliant on a target’s employee, good faith, expertise, historical
performance, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information and judgment in providing any transitional
services. Accordingly, we may continue to be exposed to adverse developments in the business and affairs of parties with
whom we contract.

If we are not successful in executing our integration strategies in a timely and cost-effective manner, we will have difficulty
achieving our growth and profitability objectives.

If we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our size, we may not be able to achieve our growth
and profitability objectives.

Our culture, standards, core values, internal controls and our policies need to be instilled across newly acquired businesses as
well as maintained within our existing operations. To effectively communicate and manage these standards throughout a large
global organization is both challenging and time consuming. Newly acquired businesses may be resistant to change and may
remain attached to past methods, standards and practices which may compromise our business agility in pursuing



© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page    61
62 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




opportunities. Cultural differences in various countries may also present barriers to introducing new ideas or aligning our vision
and strategy with the rest of the organization. If we cannot overcome these obstacles in maintaining a strategic bond
throughout the Company worldwide, we may not be able to achieve our growth and profitability objectives.

Material developments regarding our major commercial clients resulting from mergers or business acquisitions could impair
our future prospects and growth strategy.

Consolidation among our clients resulting from mergers and acquisitions may result in loss or reduction of business when the
successor business’ IT needs are served by another service provider or are provided by the successor company’s own
employees. Growth in a client’s IT needs resulting from acquisitions or operations may mean that we no longer have a
sufficient geographic scope or the critical mass to serve the client’s needs efficiently, resulting in the loss of the client’s
business and impairing our future prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the objectives of our
growth strategy in order to maintain and increase our geographic scope and critical mass in our targeted markets.

Legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation.

During the ordinary course of conducting our business, we may be threatened with, and/or become subject or a party to, a
variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time. These legal proceedings may involve current and
former employees, clients, partners, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others
through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation.
Regardless of the merits of the claims, the cost to defend current and future litigation may be significant, and such matters can
be time-consuming and divert management’s attention and resources. The results of litigation, claims and other legal
proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result
in materially adverse monetary damages, fines, penalties or injunctive relief against us. While we maintain insurance for
certain liabilities, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be sufficient in type or amount to cover the costs,
damages, liabilities or losses that can result from these litigations or claims.

Changes in our tax levels, as well as reviews, audits, investigations and tax proceedings or changes in tax laws or in their
interpretation or enforcement, could have a material adverse effect on our net income or cash flow.

In estimating our income tax payable, management uses accounting principles to determine income tax positions that are likely
to be sustained by applicable tax authorities. However, there is no assurance that our tax benefits or tax liability will not
materially differ from our estimates or expectations. The tax legislation, regulation and interpretation that apply to our
operations are continually changing. In addition, future tax benefits and liabilities are dependent on factors that are inherently
uncertain and subject to change, including future earnings, future tax rates, and anticipated business mix in the various
jurisdictions in which we operate. Moreover, our tax returns are continually subject to review by applicable tax authorities and
we are subject to ongoing audits, investigations and tax proceedings in various jurisdictions. These tax authorities determine
the actual amounts of taxes payable or receivable, of any future tax benefits or liabilities and of income tax expense that we
may ultimately recognize. Tax authorities have disagreed and may in the future disagree with our income tax positions and are
taking increasingly aggressive positions in respect of income tax positions, including with respect to intercompany
transactions.

Our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by challenges to intercompany transactions, changes in the
value of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax law or in their interpretation or enforcement, changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the expiration of tax benefits and changes in accounting principles,
including the introduction of the Pillar Two model rules designed to ensure large multinational corporations pay a minimum
level of tax on income arising in each jurisdiction they operate. Tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change
as a result of shifting economic conditions and tax policies.

A number of countries in which the Company does business have implemented, or are considering implementing, changes in
relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations and the overall tax environment has made it
increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page    62
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 63
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our net income or cash flow by affecting our operations and
profitability, our effective tax rate, the availability of tax credits, the cost of the services we provide, and the availability of
deductions for operating losses.

Reductions, eliminations or amendments to government sponsored programs from which we currently benefit may have a
material adverse effect on our net earnings or cash flow.

We benefit from government sponsored programs designed to support research and development, labour and economic
growth in jurisdictions where we operate. Government programs reflect government policy and depend on various political and
economic factors. There can be no assurance that such government programs will continue to be available to the Company in
the future, or will not be reduced, amended or eliminated. Any future government program reductions or eliminations or other
amendments to the tax credit programs could increase operating or capital expenditures incurred by the Company and have a
material adverse effect on its net earnings or cash flow.

We are exposed to credit risks with respect to accounts receivable and work in progress.

In order to sustain our cash flow from operations, we must invoice and collect the amounts owed to us in an efficient and timely
manner. Although we maintain provisions to account for anticipated shortfalls in amounts collected from clients, the provisions
we take are based on management estimates and on our assessment of our clients’ creditworthiness which may prove to be
inadequate in the light of actual results. To the extent that we fail to perform our services in accordance with our contracts and
our clients’ reasonable expectations, and to the extent that we fail to invoice clients and to collect the amounts owed to the
Company for our services correctly in a timely manner, our collections could suffer, which could materially adversely affect our
revenue, net earnings and cash flow. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn may cause clients to curtail or defer projects,
impair their ability to pay for services already provided, and ultimately cause them to default on existing contracts, in each
case, causing a shortfall in revenue and impairing our future prospects.

We face risks associated with early termination, modification, delay or suspension of our contractual agreements, and our
bookings and backlog may not be indicative of future revenues.

The early termination, modification, delay, or suspension of our contractual agreements may have a material adverse effect on
future revenues and profitability. If we should fail to deliver our services according to contractual agreements, some of our
clients could elect to terminate, modify, delay or suspend contracts before their agreed expiry date, which would result in a
reduction of our revenues and/or earnings and cash flow and may impact the value of our bookings and backlog. In addition, a
number of our managed IT and business process services contractual agreements have termination for convenience and
change of control clauses according to which a change in the client’s intentions or a change in control of CGI could lead to a
termination of these agreements. Early contract termination can also result from the exercise of a legal right or when
circumstances that are beyond our control or beyond the control of our client prevent the contract from continuing. In cases of
early termination, we may not be able to recover capitalized contract costs and we may not be able to eliminate ongoing costs
incurred to support the contract.

We may not be able to successfully estimate the cost, timing and resources required to fulfill our contracts, which could have a
material adverse effect on our net earnings.

In order to generate acceptable margins, our pricing for services is dependent on our ability to accurately estimate the costs
and timing for completing projects or long-term managed IT and business process services contracts, which can be based on
a client's bid specification, sometimes in advance of the final determination of the full scope and design of the contract. In
addition, a significant portion of our project-oriented contracts are performed on a fixed-price basis. Billing for fixed-price
engagements is carried out in accordance with the contract terms agreed upon with our client, and revenue is recognized
based on the percentage of effort incurred to date in relation to the total estimated efforts to be incurred over the duration of
the respective contract. These estimates reflect our best judgement regarding the efficiencies of our methodologies and
professionals as we plan to apply them to the contracts in accordance with the CGI Client Partnership Management
Framework (CPMF), a framework that contains high standards of contract management to be applied throughout the
Company. If we fail to apply the CPMF correctly or if we are unsuccessful in accurately estimating the time or resources


© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page     63
64 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




required to fulfill our obligations under a contract, or if unexpected factors, including those outside of our control (such as
labour shortages, supply chain or manufacturing disruptions, inflation, and other external risk factors), arise, there may be an
impact on costs or the delivery schedule which could have a material adverse effect on our expected net earnings.

We rely on relationships with other providers in order to generate business and fulfill certain of our contracts; if we fail to
maintain our relationships with these providers, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be
materially adversely affected.

We derive revenue from contracts where we enter into teaming agreements with other providers. In some teaming agreements
we are the prime contractor whereas in others we act as a subcontractor. In both cases, we rely on our relationships with other
providers to generate business and we expect to continue to do so in the foreseeable future. Where we act as prime
contractor, if we fail to maintain our relationships with other providers, we may have difficulty attracting suitable participants in
our teaming agreements. Similarly, where we act as subcontractor, if our relationships are impaired, other providers might
reduce the work they award to us, award that work to our competitors, or choose to offer the services directly to the client in
order to compete with our business. In either case, if we fail to maintain our relationship with these providers or if our
relationship with these providers is otherwise impaired, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could
be materially adversely affected.

Our profitability may be adversely affected if our partners are unable to deliver on their commitments.

Increasingly large and complex contracts may require that we rely on third party subcontractors including software and
hardware vendors to help us fulfill our commitments. Under such circumstances, our success depends on the ability of the
third parties to perform their obligations within agreed upon budgets and timeframes. If our partners fail to deliver, our ability to
complete the contract may be adversely affected, which could have an unfavourable impact on our profitability.

Indemnity provisions and guarantees in various agreements to which we are party may require us to compensate our
counterparties.

In the normal course of business, we enter into agreements that may provide for indemnification and guarantees to
counterparties in transactions such as consulting and managed IT and business process services, business divestitures, lease
agreements and financial obligations. These indemnification undertakings and guarantees may require us to compensate
counterparties for costs and losses incurred as a result of various events, including breaches of representations and
warranties, intellectual property right infringement, claims that may arise while providing services or as a result of litigation that
may be suffered by counterparties. If we are required to compensate counterparties due to such arrangements and our
insurance does not provide adequate coverage, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected.

We may not be able to hire or retain enough qualified IT professionals to support our operations.

There is strong demand for qualified individuals in the IT industry. Hiring and retaining a sufficient number of individuals with
the desired knowledge and skill set may be difficult. Therefore, it is important that we remain able to successfully attract and
retain highly qualified professionals and establish an effective succession plan. If our comprehensive programs aimed at
attracting and retaining qualified and dedicated professionals do not ensure that we have staff in sufficient numbers and with
the appropriate training, expertise and suitable government security clearances required to serve the needs of our clients, we
may have to rely on subcontractors or transfers of staff to fill resulting gaps. If our succession plan fails to identify those with
potential or to develop these key individuals, we may be unable to replace key employees who retire or leave the Company
and may be required to recruit and/or train new employees. This might result in lost revenue or increased costs, thereby
putting pressure on our net earnings.

If we fail to retain our key employees and management, our business could be adversely affected.

The success of our business, in part, depends on the continued employment of certain key employees and senior
management. This dependence is important to our business being that personal relationships are fundamental in obtaining
and maintaining client engagements. While our Board of Directors annually reviews our succession plan, if we fail to establish



© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page     64
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 65
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




an effective succession plan, or if key employees or senior management were unable or unwilling to continue employment, our
business could be adversely affected until qualified replacements are retained.

We may be unable to maintain our human resources utilization rates.

In order to maintain our net earnings, it is important that we maintain the appropriate availability of professional resources in
each of our geographies by having a high utilization rate while still being able to assign additional resources to new work.
Maintaining an efficient utilization rate requires us to forecast our need for professional resources accurately and to manage
recruitment activities, professional training programs, attrition rates and restructuring programs appropriately. To the extent that
we fail to do so, or to the extent that laws and regulations restrict our ability to do so, our utilization rates may be reduced;
thereby having an impact on our revenue and profitability. Conversely, we may find that we do not have sufficient resources to
deploy against new business opportunities in which case our ability to grow our revenue would suffer.

If the business awarded to us by various U.S. federal government departments and agencies is limited, reduced or eliminated,
our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the services we provide to various U.S. federal government departments
and agencies. We expect that this will continue for the foreseeable future. There can be, however, no assurance that each
such U.S. federal government department and agency will continue to utilize our services to the same extent, or at all in the
future. In the event that a major U.S. federal government department or agency were to limit, reduce, or eliminate the business
it awards to us, we might be unable to recover the lost revenue with work from other U.S. federal government departments or
agencies or other clients, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and
adversely affected. Although IFRS Accounting Standards considers a national government and its departments and agencies
as a single client, our client base in the U.S. government economic sector is in fact diversified with contracts from many
different departments and agencies.

Changes in government spending policies or budget priorities could directly affect our financial performance. Among the
factors that could harm our government contracting business are: the curtailment of governments’ use of consulting and IT
services firms; a significant decline in spending by governments in general, or by specific departments or agencies in
particular; the adoption of new legislation and/or actions affecting companies that provide services to governments; delays in
the payment of our invoices by government; and general economic and political conditions. These or other factors could cause
government agencies and departments to reduce their purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate
contracts, to issue temporary stop work orders, or not to exercise options to renew contracts, any of which would cause us to
lose future revenue. Government spending reductions or budget cutbacks at these departments or agencies could materially
harm our continued performance under these contracts, or limit the awarding of additional contracts from these agencies.

Changes in the laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our
global business operations and profitability.

Our global operations require us to be compliant with laws and regulations in many jurisdictions on matters such as: anti-
corruption, trade restrictions, immigration, taxation, securities, antitrust, data privacy, labour relations, and the environment,
amongst others. Complying with these diverse requirements worldwide is a challenge and consumes significant resources.
The laws and regulations frequently change and some may impose conflicting requirements which may expose us to penalties
for non-compliance and harm our reputation. Furthermore, in some jurisdictions, we may face the absence of effective laws
and regulations to protect our intellectual property rights and there may be restrictions on the movement of cash and other
assets, on the import and export of certain technologies, and on the repatriation of earnings. Any or all of these risks could
impact our global business operations and cause our profitability to decline.

Our business with the U.S. federal government departments and agencies also requires that we comply with complex laws and
regulations relating to government contracts. These laws and regulations relate to the integrity of the procurement process,
impose disclosure requirements, and address national security concerns, among other matters. For instance, we are routinely
subject to audits by U.S. government departments and agencies with respect to compliance with these rules. If we fail to




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page   65
66 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




comply with these requirements we may incur penalties and sanctions, including contract termination, suspension of
payments, suspension or debarment from doing business with the federal government, and fines.

There can be no assurance that our ethics and compliance practices will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical
standards.

Our employees, officers, directors, suppliers and other business partners are expected to comply with applicable legal and
ethical standards including, without limitation, anti-bribery laws, as well as with our governance policies and contractual
obligations. Failure to comply with such laws, policies and contractual obligations could expose us to litigation and significant
fines and penalties, and result in reputational harm or being disqualified from bidding on contracts. While we have developed
and implemented strong ethics and compliance practices, including through our Code of Ethics, which must be observed by all
of our employees, our Third Party Code of Ethics as well as ethics and compliance trainings, there can be no assurance that
such practices and measures will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical standards. Any such failure or violation
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation. This risk of improper conduct may
increase as we continue to expand globally, with greater opportunities and demands to do more business with local and new
partners.

Changes to, and delays or defects in, our client projects and solutions may subject us to legal liability, which could materially
adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and may negatively affect our professional reputation.

We create, implement and maintain IT solutions that are often critical to the operations of our clients’ business. Our ability to
complete large projects as expected could be adversely affected by unanticipated delays, renegotiations, and changing client
requirements. Also, our solutions may suffer from defects that adversely affect their performance; they may not meet our
clients’ requirements or may fail to perform in accordance with applicable service levels. Such problems could subject us to
legal liability, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, and may
negatively affect our professional reputation. While we typically use reasonable efforts to include provisions in our contracts
which are designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services and the applications we develop, we may not
always be able to include such provisions and, where we are successful, such provisions may not protect us adequately or
may not be enforceable under some circumstances or under the laws of some jurisdictions.

We are subject to stringent and changing privacy laws, regulations and standards, information security policies and contractual
obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could expose
us to government sanctions and cause damage to our brand and reputation.

Our business often requires that our clients’ applications and information, which may include their proprietary information and
personal information they manage, be processed and stored on our networks and systems, and in data centers that we
manage. We also process and store proprietary information relating to our business, and personal information relating to our
employees. The Company is subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect information, such as the European
Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), various laws and regulations in Canada, the U.S. and other countries in
which the Company operates governing the protection of health or other personally identifiable information and data privacy.
These laws and regulations are increasing in number and complexity and are being adopted and amended with greater
frequency, which results in greater compliance risk and cost. The potential financial penalties for non-compliance with these
laws and regulations have significantly increased with the adoption of the GDPR. The Company's Chief Data Protection Officer
oversees the Company's compliance with the laws that protect the privacy of personal information. The Company faces risks
inherent in protecting the security of such personal data which have grown in complexity, magnitude and frequency in recent
years. Digital information and equipment are subject to loss, theft or destruction, and services that we provide may become
temporarily unavailable as a result of those risks, or upon an equipment or system malfunction. The causes of such failures
include human error in the course of normal operations (including from advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our
employees), maintenance and upgrading activities, as well as hacking, vandalism (including denial of service attacks and
computer viruses), theft, and unauthorized access, as well as power outages or surges, floods, fires, natural disasters and
many other causes. The measures that we take to protect against all information infrastructure risks, including both physical
and logical controls on access to premises and information may prove in some circumstances to be inadequate to prevent the


© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page     66
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 67
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




improper disclosure, loss, theft, misappropriation of, unauthorized access to, or destruction of client information, or service
interruptions. Such events may expose the Company to financial loss arising from the costs of remediation and those arising
from litigation from our clients and third parties (including under the laws that protect the privacy of personal information),
claims and damages, as well as expose the Company to government sanctions and damage to our brand and reputation.

We could face legal, reputational and financial risks if we fail to protect our and/or client data from security incidents or
cyberattacks.

The volume, velocity and sophistication of security threats and cyber-attacks continue to grow. This includes criminal hackers,
hacktivists, state-sponsored organizations, industrial espionage, employee misconduct, and human or technological errors.
The current geopolitical instability, as well as the adoption of emerging technologies, such as AI, has exacerbated these
threats, which could lead to increased risk and frequency of security and cybersecurity incidents.

As a global IT and business consulting firm providing services to private and public sectors, we process and store increasingly
large amounts of data for our clients, including proprietary information and personal information. These activities could
increase through the use of AI. Consequently, our business could be negatively impacted by physical and cyber threats, which
could affect our future sales and financial position or increase our costs. An unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential
client or employee information, including cyber-attacks or other security breaches, could cause a loss of data, give rise to
remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and
investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
These security risks to the Company include potential attacks not only of our own solutions, services and systems, but also
those of our clients, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third parties. Moreover, the use of AI may give rise to
issues and risks related to harmful content, inaccurate content, bias, intellectual property right infringement or
misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity, among others, and may also bring the possibility of ethical concerns and/or
new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other legal liability.

The Company’s Chief Security Officer is responsible for overseeing the security of the Company. Any local issue in a business
unit could have a global impact on the entire Company, thus visibility and timely escalation on potential issues are key. We
seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their occurrence or recurrence, by: (i) developing and
regularly reviewing policies and standards related to information security, data privacy, physical security and business
continuity; (ii) monitoring the Company’s performance against these policies and standards; (iii) developing strategies intended
to seek to mitigate the Company’s risks, including through security trainings for all employees to increase awareness of
potential cyber threats; (iv) implementing security measures to ensure an appropriate level of control based on the nature of
the information and the inherent risks attached thereto, including through access management, security monitoring and testing
to mitigate and help detect and respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information systems and networks; and (v)
working with the industry and governments against cyber threats. However, because of the evolving nature and sophistication
of these security threats, there can be no assurance that our safeguards will detect or prevent the occurrence of material cyber
breaches, intrusions or attacks.

We are regularly the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and must continuously monitor and develop our
information technology networks and infrastructure to detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse,
computer viruses and other events that could have a security and reputational impact. If security protection does not evolve at
the same pace as threats, a growing gap on our level of protection will be created. Technology evolution and global trends like
digital transformation, cloud and mobile computing amongst others are disrupting the security operating model, thus security
should evolve to address new relevant security requirements and build new capabilities to address the changes. Increasing
detection and automated response capabilities are key to improve visibility and contain any negative potential impact.
Automating security processes and integrating with IT, business and security solutions could address shortage of technical
security staff and avoid introducing human intervention and errors.

Insider or employee cyber and security threats are increasingly a concern for all large companies, including ours. CGI is
continuously working to install new, and upgrade its existing, information technology systems and provide employees
awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to ensure that the Company is protected, to the greatest
extent possible, against cyber risks and security breaches. While CGI selects third-party vendors carefully, it does not control

© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                 Page   67
68 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in
communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, cyber-attacks and
security breaches at a vendor could adversely affect our ability to deliver solutions and services to our clients and otherwise
conduct business.

The Company and certain of its clients, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third parties use open-
source services, which can entail risk to end-user security. These open source projects are often created and maintained by
volunteers, who do not always have adequate resources and employees for incident response and proactive maintenance
even as their projects are critical to the internet economy. Vulnerabilities discovered in these open source services can be
exploited by attackers, which could compromise our system infrastructure and/or lead to a loss or breach of personal and/or
proprietary information, financial loss, and other irreversible harm.

While our liability insurance policy covers cyber risks, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be sufficient in
type or amount to cover the costs, damages, liabilities or losses that can result from security breaches, cyber-attacks and other
related breaches. As the cyber threat landscape evolves, and CGI and our clients increase our digital footprint, we may find it
necessary to make additional significant investments to protect data and infrastructure. Occurrence of any of the
aforementioned security threats could expose the Company, our clients or other third parties to potential liability, litigation, and
regulatory action, in addition to loss of client confidence, loss of existing or potential clients, loss of sensitive government
contracts, damage to brand and reputation, and other financial loss.

Damage to our reputation may harm our ability to obtain new clients and retain our existing clients.

CGI’s reputation as a capable and trustworthy service provider and long-term business partner is key to our ability to compete
effectively in the market for IT services. The nature of our operations exposes us to the potential loss, unauthorized access to,
or destruction of our clients’ information, as well as temporary service interruptions. Depending on the nature of the information
or services, such events may have a negative impact on how the Company is perceived in the marketplace. Under such
circumstances, our ability to obtain new clients and retain existing clients could suffer with a resulting impact on our revenue
and net earnings.

Our inability to meet regulatory requirements and/or stakeholders expectations of disclosure, management and implementation
of ESG initiatives and standards, could have an adverse effect on our business.

Perceptions with respect to environmental, social and governance approaches have changed and certain shareholders,
investors, clients, employees and other stakeholders agree that these issues have become a current and imminent concern.
As such, perceptions of our operations held by our stakeholders may depend, in part, on the ESG initiatives and standards that
we have chosen to implement, and whether or not we meet them.

We are subject to evolving regulatory requirements and have set a number of ambitious ESG commitments and targets to
monitor our ESG performance and align our strategic imperatives, including without limitation, our commitment to net-zero
carbon emissions as defined under Scope 1, 2, and the business travel of Scope 3 of the greenhouse gas protocol. Our ability
to meet these requirements and to achieve these commitments and targets depends on many factors and is subject to many
risks that could cause our assumptions or estimates to be inaccurate and cause actual results or events to differ materially
from those expressed in, or implied by, these commitments and targets. Failure to effectively manage and sufficiently report
ESG matters could lead to negative business, financial, legal and regulatory consequences for the Company.

Our revenue and profitability may decline and the accuracy of our financial reporting may be impaired if we fail to design,
implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls.

Due to the inherent limitations of internal controls including the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, there can only
be reasonable assurance that the Company’s internal controls will detect and prevent a misstatement. If the Company is
unable to design, implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls throughout its different business environments,
the efficiency of our operations might suffer, resulting in a decline in revenue and profitability, and the accuracy of our financial
reporting could be impaired.




© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page   68
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 69
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023




Future funding requirements may affect our business and growth opportunities and we may not have access to favourable
financing opportunities in the future.

The Company’s future growth is contingent on the execution of its business strategy, which, in turn, is dependent on its ability
to grow the business organically as well as through business acquisitions. In the event we would need to raise additional funds
through equity or debt financing to fund any currently unidentified or unplanned future acquisitions and other growth
opportunities, there can be no assurance that such financing will be available in amounts and on terms acceptable to us.
Factors such as capital market disruptions, inflation, recession, political, economic and financial market instability, government
policies, central bank monetary policies, and changes to bank regulations, could reduce the availability of capital or increase
the cost of such capital. Our ability to raise the required funding depends on prevailing market conditions, the capacity of the
capital markets to meet our equity and/or debt financing needs in a timely fashion and on the basis of interest rates and/or
share prices that are reasonable in the context of our commercial objectives. Increasing interest rates, volatility in our share
price, rising inflation, and the capacity of our current lenders to meet our additional liquidity requirements are all factors that
may have a material adverse effect on any acquisitions or growth activities that we may, in the future, identify or plan. If we are
unable to obtain the necessary funding, we may be unable to achieve our growth objectives.

The inability to service our debt and other financial obligations, or our inability to fulfill our financial covenants, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The Company has a substantial amount of debt and significant interest payment requirements. A portion of cash flows from
operations goes to the payment of interest on the Company’s indebtedness. The Company’s ability to service its debt and
other financial obligations is affected by prevailing economic conditions in the markets that we serve and financial, business
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations
and future borrowings or other financing may be unavailable in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our future financial
obligations or our other liquidity needs. In addition, we are party to a number of financing agreements, including our credit
facilities, and the indentures governing our senior unsecured notes, which agreements, indentures and instruments contain
financial and other covenants, including covenants that require us to maintain financial ratios and/or other financial or other
covenants. If we were to breach the covenants contained in our financing agreements, we may be required to redeem, repay,
repurchase or refinance our existing debt obligations prior to their scheduled maturity and our ability to do so may be restricted
or limited by the prevailing conditions in the capital markets, available liquidity and other factors. Our inability to service our
debt and other financial obligations, or our inability to fulfill our financial or other covenants in our financing agreements, could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may be adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations.

Although a significant portion of the Company’s indebtedness bears interest at fixed rates, the Company remains exposed to
interest rate risk under certain of its credit facilities. If interest rates increase, debt service obligations on the variable rate
indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and net income and cash flows would
decrease, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

Changes in the Company’s creditworthiness or credit ratings could affect the cost at which the Company can access capital or
credit markets.

The Company and each of the U.S. dollar denominated and Canadian dollar denominated senior unsecured notes received
credit ratings. Credit ratings are generally evaluated and determined by independent third parties and may be impacted by
events outside of the Company’s control, as well as other material decisions made by the Company. Credit rating agencies
perform independent analysis when assigning credit ratings and such analysis includes a number of criteria. Such criteria are
reviewed on an on-going basis and are therefore subject to change. Any rating assigned to the Company or to our debt
securities may be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency’s judgment, future circumstances
relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant. Real or anticipated changes in the perceived
creditworthiness of the Company and/or in the credit rating of its debt obligations could affect the market value of such debt
obligations and the ability of the Company to access capital or credit markets, and/or the cost at which it can do so.



© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                 Page   69
70 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023


We may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations.

The majority of our revenue and costs are denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Foreign exchange
fluctuations impact the results of our operations as they are reported in Canadian dollars. This risk is partially mitigated by a
natural hedge in matching our costs with revenue denominated in the same currency and through the use of derivatives in our
global hedging strategy. However, as we continue our global expansion, natural hedges may begin to diminish and the use of
hedging contracts exposes us to the risk that financial institutions could fail to perform their obligations under our hedging
instruments. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our hedging strategy and arrangements will offset the impact of
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect our business revenues, results of operations,
financial condition or prospects. Other than the use of financial products to deliver on our hedging strategy, we do not trade
derivative financial instruments.

Our functional and reporting currency is the Canadian dollar. As such, our European, U.S., U.K., Asian and Australian
investments, operations and assets are exposed to net change in currency exchange rates. Volatility in exchange rates could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to discretion and future performance.

We have announced a dividend program providing for a cash dividend on our Class A Shares and our Class B shares (multiple
voting). There can be no assurance as to our ability to declare and pay dividends in accordance with the dividend program,
whether or when we will declare and pay dividends in the future, or the frequency or amount of any such dividend. Our ability
to declare and pay dividends will depend on various factors that are not presently known, including our future operating cash
flows, sources of capital, the satisfaction of solvency tests and other financial requirements, our operations and financial
results, our potential alternative uses of cash, such as acquisitions, our ability to repatriate cash from our subsidiaries, as well
as our periodic review of our dividend program and other policies.


10.2. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business.
Certain of these matters seek damages in significant amounts. Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with
assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on
any of its business activities.




Transfer Agent
Computershare Investor Services Inc.
+1(800) 564-6253

Investor Relations
Kevin Linder
Senior Vice-President, Investor Relations
Telephone: +1(905) 973-8363
kevin.linder@cgi.com

1350 René-Lévesque Boulevard West
25th Floor
Montréal, Quebec
H3G 1T4
Canada

cgi.com



© 2024 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page   70
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 71

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
MANAGEMENT’S
MANAGEMENT’S STATEMENT
             STATEMENT OF
                       OF RESPONSIBILITY
                          RESPONSIBILITY FOR
                                         FOR FINANCIAL
                                             FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                                       REPORTING
The management of CGI Inc. (the Company) is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial
The management of CGI Inc. (the Company) is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial
statements and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A). The consolidated financial statements have been
statements and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A). The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board and necessarily include some amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgement. Financial and
Board and necessarily include some amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgement. Financial and
operating data elsewhere in the MD&A are consistent with that contained in the accompanying consolidated financial
operating data elsewhere in the MD&A are consistent with that contained in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.
statements.
To fulfill its responsibility, management has developed, and continues to maintain, systems of internal controls reinforced by
To fulfill its responsibility, management has developed, and continues to maintain, systems of internal controls reinforced by
the Company’s standards of conduct and ethics, as set out in written policies to ensure the reliability of the financial
the Company’s standards of conduct and ethics, as set out in written policies to ensure the reliability of the financial
information and to safeguard its assets. The Company's consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal
information and to safeguard its assets. The Company's consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting are subject to audits by an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
control over financial reporting are subject to audits by an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report follows. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report follows. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm appointed by our shareholders upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of
Firm appointed by our shareholders upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of
Directors, has performed independent audits of the consolidated balance sheets as at September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the
Directors, has performed independent audits of the consolidated balance sheets as at September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the
related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended
related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2024.
September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2024.
Members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, all of whom are independent of the
Members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, all of whom are independent of the
Company, meet regularly with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and with management to discuss internal controls in the financial
Company, meet regularly with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and with management to discuss internal controls in the financial
reporting process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues and formulate the appropriate recommendations to the Board
reporting process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues and formulate the appropriate recommendations to the Board
of Directors. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has full and unrestricted access to the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
of Directors. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has full and unrestricted access to the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
The consolidated financial statements and MD&A have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.
The consolidated financial statements and MD&A have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.




/s/ François Boulanger                              /s/ Steve Perron
/s/ François Boulanger                              /s/ Steve Perron
François Boulanger                                  Steve Perron
François  Boulanger
President and Chief Executive Officer               Steve Perron
                                                    Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
President and Chief Executive Officer               Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
November 5, 2024
November 5, 2024




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                      1
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                      1
72 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
MANAGEMENT'S
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT
             REPORT ON
                    ON INTERNAL
                       INTERNAL CONTROL
                                CONTROL OVER
                                        OVER FINANCIAL
                                             FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                                       REPORTING
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, under the supervision of and with the
reporting. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, under the supervision of and with the
participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer,
participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s
consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting
consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards).
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards).
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:
     - Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions
     - Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions
     of the assets of the Company;
     of the assets of the Company;
     - Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
     - Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
     statements in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in
     statements in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in
     accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and,
     accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and,
     - Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
     - Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
     the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
     the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
All internal control systems have inherent limitations; therefore, even where internal control over financial reporting is
All internal control systems have inherent limitations; therefore, even where internal control over financial reporting is
determined to be effective, it can provide only reasonable assurance. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
determined to be effective, it can provide only reasonable assurance. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
The Company’s assessment and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting excludes the
The Company’s assessment and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting excludes the
controls, policies and procedures of Aeyon LLC (Aeyon), the control of which was acquired on September 13, 2024. Aeyon’s
controls, policies and procedures of Aeyon LLC (Aeyon), the control of which was acquired on September 13, 2024. Aeyon’s
results since the acquisition date represented 0.1% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2024 and constituted 3.2%
results since the acquisition date represented 0.1% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2024 and constituted 3.2%
of total assets as at September 30, 2024.
of total assets as at September 30, 2024.
Management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the
Management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management
has determined the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2024 was effective.
has determined the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2024 was effective.
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 has been audited by
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, as stated in their report which appears
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, as stated in their report which appears
herein.
herein.




  /s/ François Boulanger                           /s/ Steve Perron
  /s/ François Boulanger                           /s/ Steve Perron

  François Boulanger                               Steve Perron
  François  Boulanger
  President and Chief Executive Officer            Steve Perron
                                                   Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
  President and Chief Executive Officer            Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
  November 5, 2024
  November 5, 2024




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                       2
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                       2
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 73

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
REPORT
REPORT OF
       OF INDEPENDENT
          INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
                      REGISTERED PUBLIC
                                 PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
                                        ACCOUNTING FIRM
                                                   FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Inc.
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CGI Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CGI Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of
September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of changes in
September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of changes in
equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024,
financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024,
based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years
position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years
then ended in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
then ended in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
Board. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
COSO.
COSO.
Basis for Opinions
Basis for Opinions
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included
in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects.
all material respects.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                       3
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                       3
74 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
REPORT
REPORT OF
       OF INDEPENDENT
          INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
                      REGISTERED PUBLIC
                                 PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
                                        ACCOUNTING FIRM
                                                   FIRM (continued)
                                                        (continued)
Basis for Opinions (continued)
Basis for Opinions (continued)
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
As described in the Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Aeyon LLC
As described in the Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Aeyon LLC
(Aeyon) from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, because it was acquired by
(Aeyon) from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, because it was acquired by
the Company in a purchase business combination on September 13, 2024. We have also excluded Aeyon from our audit of
the Company in a purchase business combination on September 13, 2024. We have also excluded Aeyon from our audit of
internal control over financial reporting. Aeyon is a wholly owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded
internal control over financial reporting. Aeyon is a wholly owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded
from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 3.2% and 0.1%,
from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 3.2% and 0.1%,
respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024.
respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and that (i)
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and that (i)
relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially
relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                        4
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                        4
                                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 75

Management’s
Management’s
Management’sand
Management’s and
             andAuditors’
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’Reports
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
                           Reports
REPORT
REPORT
 REPORTOF
       OF
        OFINDEPENDENT
           INDEPENDENT
            INDEPENDENTREGISTERED
                       REGISTERED
                        REGISTEREDPUBLIC
                                  PUBLIC
                                   PUBLICACCOUNTING
                                         ACCOUNTING
                                          ACCOUNTINGFIRM
                                                    FIRM
                                                     FIRM(continued)
                                                          (continued)
                                                           (continued)
REPORT OF  INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  (continued)
Critical
Critical
 CriticalAudit
         Audit
          AuditMatters
               Matters
                Matters(continued)
                        (continued)
                         (continued)
Critical Audit Matters (continued)
Revenue
 Revenue
  RevenueRecognition
           Recognition
            Recognition---Estimates
                          Estimates
                           Estimatesofof
                                       oftotal
                                          total
                                           totalexpected
                                                 expected
                                                 expectedlabour
                                                           labour  costs
                                                            labourcosts
                                                                    costsfor
                                                                          for
                                                                           forbusiness
                                                                               business
                                                                               businessand
                                                                                        and
                                                                                        andstrategic
                                                                                            strategic
                                                                                             strategicinformation
                                                                                                       information
                                                                                                        informationtechnology
                                                                                                                    technology
                                                                                                                     technology(IT)
                                                                                                                                (IT)
                                                                                                                                 (IT)
 Revenue Recognition - Estimates of total expected labour costs for business and strategic information technology (IT)
consulting
 consulting
  consultingand
             and
             andsystems
                 systems
                  systemsintegration
                           integration
                            integrationservices
                                        services
                                         servicesunder
                                                   under
                                                    underfixed-fee
                                                          fixed-fee
                                                           fixed-feearrangements
                                                                     arrangements
                                                                     arrangements
 consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements
As
 As
  Asdescribed
      described
       describedinin   innotes
                          notes
                           notes333and
                                     and
                                      and29 29
                                             29to
                                                to
                                                 tothe
                                                    the
                                                     theconsolidated
                                                          consolidated      financial
                                                           consolidatedfinancial
                                                                             financialstatements,
                                                                                         statements,
                                                                                          statements,the  the
                                                                                                           theCompany
                                                                                                                Company
                                                                                                                 Companyrecognizes
                                                                                                                             recognizes
                                                                                                                              recognizesrevenue
                                                                                                                                              revenue
                                                                                                                                               revenueforfor
                                                                                                                                                          forbusiness
                                                                                                                                                              business
                                                                                                                                                               businessand and
                                                                                                                                                                            and
 As described in notes 3 and 29 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue for business and
strategic
 strategic
  strategicIT  IT
                ITconsulting
                   consulting
                    consultingand  and
                                    andsystems
                                         systems
                                          systemsintegration
                                                       integration     services
                                                        integrationservices
                                                                        servicesunder
                                                                                   under
                                                                                    underfixed-fee
                                                                                            fixed-fee
                                                                                             fixed-feearrangements
                                                                                                         arrangements
                                                                                                          arrangementsusing  using
                                                                                                                              usingthe
                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                      thepercentage-of-completion
                                                                                                                                           percentage-of-completion
                                                                                                                                            percentage-of-completion
 strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements using the percentage-of-completion
method
 method
  methodover over
              overtime.
                     time.
                      time.ForFor
                               Forthe
                                   the
                                    theyear
                                        year
                                         yearended
                                                ended
                                                 endedSeptember
                                                           September
                                                            September30,   30,   2024,
                                                                            30,2024,
                                                                                 2024,revenue
                                                                                         revenue
                                                                                          revenueunder
                                                                                                     under
                                                                                                      underfixed-fee
                                                                                                              fixed-fee
                                                                                                               fixed-feearrangements
                                                                                                                           arrangements
                                                                                                                           arrangementsmakes    makes
                                                                                                                                                makesup  up
                                                                                                                                                          upaaaportion
                                                                                                                                                                portion
                                                                                                                                                                 portionof of
                                                                                                                                                                           ofthe
                                                                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                                                                               the
 method over time. For the year ended September 30, 2024, revenue under fixed-fee arrangements makes up a portion of the
Company’s
 Company’s
  Company’sbusinessbusiness
                    businessand   and
                                  andstrategic
                                       strategic
                                        strategicIT  IT
                                                      ITconsulting
                                                          consulting
                                                           consultingand and   systems
                                                                          andsystems
                                                                                systemsintegration
                                                                                           integration
                                                                                            integrationservices
                                                                                                           services
                                                                                                            servicesrevenues
                                                                                                                      revenues
                                                                                                                       revenuesof    of
                                                                                                                                     of$6,634,295,000.
                                                                                                                                         $6,634,295,000.
                                                                                                                                          $6,634,295,000.The   The
                                                                                                                                                                Theselection
                                                                                                                                                                      selection
                                                                                                                                                                       selection
 Company’s business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services revenues of $6,634,295,000. The selection
of
 of
  ofthe
     the
      themeasure
          measure
           measureof      of
                           ofprogress
                              progress
                              progresstowards
                                          towards
                                           towardscompletion
                                                        completion
                                                         completionrequires
                                                                        requires     management’sjudgement
                                                                                    management’s
                                                                         requiresmanagement’s            judgement
                                                                                                          judgementand  and
                                                                                                                         andisisisbased
                                                                                                                                   based
                                                                                                                                   basedon  on
                                                                                                                                             onthe
                                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                                 thenature
                                                                                                                                                      nature
                                                                                                                                                      natureofof
                                                                                                                                                               ofthe
                                                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                                                   theservices
                                                                                                                                                                        services
                                                                                                                                                                         services
 of the measure of progress towards completion requires management’s judgement and is based on the nature of the services
to
 to
  tobe
     be
      beprovided.
         provided.
          provided.As     As
                          Asdisclosed
                              disclosed
                               disclosedby  by
                                             bymanagement,
                                                management,
                                                 management,the       the
                                                                       theCompany
                                                                           Company
                                                                            Companyreliesrelies
                                                                                          relieson
                                                                                                 on
                                                                                                  onestimates
                                                                                                      estimates
                                                                                                       estimatesof of
                                                                                                                    oftotal
                                                                                                                       total
                                                                                                                        totalexpected
                                                                                                                              expected
                                                                                                                               expectedlabour
                                                                                                                                            labour
                                                                                                                                             labourcosts,
                                                                                                                                                      costs,
                                                                                                                                                       costs,which
                                                                                                                                                              which
                                                                                                                                                               whichare are
                                                                                                                                                                         are
 to be provided. As disclosed by management, the Company relies on estimates of total expected labour costs, which are
compared
 compared
  comparedto     to
                  tolabour
                     labour
                      labourcosts
                                costs
                                 costsincurred
                                       incurred
                                        incurredto   to
                                                      todate,
                                                         date,
                                                          date,toto
                                                                  toarrive
                                                                     arrive
                                                                     arriveat atan
                                                                             at  an
                                                                                  anestimate
                                                                                     estimate
                                                                                      estimateof  of
                                                                                                  ofthe
                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                      theprogress
                                                                                                           progress
                                                                                                            progressto to
                                                                                                                        tocompletion
                                                                                                                           completion
                                                                                                                            completionwhich which
                                                                                                                                            whichdetermines
                                                                                                                                                     determines
                                                                                                                                                     determinesthe  the
                                                                                                                                                                     the
 compared to labour costs incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the progress to completion which determines the
percentage
 percentage
  percentageof     of
                    ofrevenue
                       revenue
                         revenueearned
                                    earned
                                     earnedto  to
                                                todate.
                                                   date.
                                                    date.Management
                                                            Management
                                                             Managementregularlyregularlyreviews
                                                                               regularly    reviews
                                                                                             reviewsunderlying
                                                                                                       underlying
                                                                                                        underlyingestimates
                                                                                                                     estimates
                                                                                                                       estimatesof   of
                                                                                                                                      oftotal
                                                                                                                                         total
                                                                                                                                          totalexpected
                                                                                                                                                expected
                                                                                                                                                expectedlabour
                                                                                                                                                            labour
                                                                                                                                                             labourcosts.
                                                                                                                                                                      costs.
                                                                                                                                                                       costs.
 percentage of revenue earned to date. Management regularly reviews underlying estimates of total expected labour costs.
Management
 Management
  Managementhas       has
                       hasdisclosed
                             disclosed
                              disclosedthatthat
                                            thathere
                                                  there
                                                   thereareare
                                                            aremany
                                                                many
                                                                manyfactors
                                                                         factors
                                                                          factorsthat
                                                                                   that  can
                                                                                    thatcan
                                                                                          canaffect
                                                                                               affect
                                                                                                affecthe
                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                        theestimates
                                                                                                             estimates
                                                                                                             estimatesof  of
                                                                                                                           oftotal
                                                                                                                              total
                                                                                                                               totalexpected
                                                                                                                                     expected
                                                                                                                                      expectedlabour
                                                                                                                                                   labour
                                                                                                                                                    labourcosts,
                                                                                                                                                            costs,
                                                                                                                                                             costs,including,
                                                                                                                                                                     including,
                                                                                                                                                                      including,
 Management has disclosed that there are many factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs, including,
but
 but
  butnot
       not
        notlimited
            limited
             limitedto, to,
                         to,changes
                             changes
                              changesinin inscope
                                             scope
                                              scopeof  of
                                                        ofthe
                                                           the  contracts,
                                                            thecontracts,
                                                                 contracts,delays
                                                                               delays
                                                                                delaysinin
                                                                                         inreaching
                                                                                            reaching
                                                                                             reachingmilestones,
                                                                                                         milestones,
                                                                                                         milestones,and  and
                                                                                                                          andcomplexities
                                                                                                                                complexities
                                                                                                                                 complexitiesinin  inproject
                                                                                                                                                      project
                                                                                                                                                      projectdelivery.
                                                                                                                                                               delivery.
                                                                                                                                                                delivery.
 but not limited to, changes in scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones, and complexities in project delivery.
The
 The
  Theprincipal
        principal
        principalconsiderations
                   considerations
                    considerationsfor    for
                                          forour
                                              our
                                               ourdetermination
                                                   determination
                                                    determinationthat    that  performing
                                                                          thatperforming
                                                                               performingprocedures
                                                                                              procedures
                                                                                               proceduresrelating
                                                                                                               relating
                                                                                                                relatingtoto
                                                                                                                           toRevenue
                                                                                                                             Revenue
                                                                                                                              RevenueRecognition
                                                                                                                                       Recognition
                                                                                                                                       Recognition–––Estimates
                                                                                                                                                        Estimates
                                                                                                                                                        Estimatesof  of
                                                                                                                                                                      of
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to Revenue Recognition – Estimates of
total
 total
  totalexpected
        expected
         expectedlabour
                     labour
                      labourcosts
                               costs
                                costsfor
                                      for
                                        forbusiness
                                            business
                                             businessand   and     strategicIT
                                                                  strategic
                                                           andstrategic      IT
                                                                              ITconsulting
                                                                                 consulting
                                                                                  consultingand and
                                                                                                 andsystems
                                                                                                     systems
                                                                                                      systemsintegration
                                                                                                                   integration
                                                                                                                    integrationservices
                                                                                                                                services
                                                                                                                                 servicesunder
                                                                                                                                          under
                                                                                                                                          underfixed-fee
                                                                                                                                                 fixed-fee
                                                                                                                                                  fixed-fee
 total expected labour costs for business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee
arrangements
 arrangements
  arrangementsisisisaaacritical
                           critical
                            criticalaudit
                                     audit
                                     auditmatter
                                            matter
                                             matterare  are
                                                         are(i)
                                                             (i)
                                                              (i)there
                                                                  there
                                                                   therewaswassignificant
                                                                          was  significant
                                                                                significantjudgement
                                                                                              judgement
                                                                                               judgementby   by
                                                                                                              bymanagement
                                                                                                                  management
                                                                                                                   managementwhen when
                                                                                                                                   whendeveloping
                                                                                                                                         developing
                                                                                                                                         developingthethe
                                                                                                                                                       theestimates
                                                                                                                                                           estimates
                                                                                                                                                            estimates
 arrangements is a critical audit matter are (i) there was significant judgement by management when developing the estimates
of
 of
  oftotal
     total
      totalexpected
            expected
            expectedlabour
                         labour
                          labourcosts;
                                  costs;
                                   costs;andand
                                            and(ii)
                                                  (ii)
                                                   (ii)there
                                                        there
                                                         therewas
                                                                was    auditor
                                                                  wasauditor
                                                                       auditorjudgement
                                                                                judgement
                                                                                 judgementand   and
                                                                                                 andeffort
                                                                                                     effort
                                                                                                      effortinin
                                                                                                               inperforming
                                                                                                                  performing
                                                                                                                  performingprocedures
                                                                                                                               procedures
                                                                                                                                procedurestoto
                                                                                                                                             toevaluate
                                                                                                                                                evaluate
                                                                                                                                                evaluatethe
                                                                                                                                                          the
                                                                                                                                                           the
 of total expected labour costs; and (ii) there was auditor judgement and effort in performing procedures to evaluate the
estimates
 estimates
  estimatesof  of
               oftotal
                  total
                   totalexpected
                          expected
                           expectedlabour
                                      labour
                                        labourcosts,
                                                 costs,
                                                  costs,including
                                                           including
                                                            includingthe the  assessment
                                                                          theassessment
                                                                               assessmentof     of
                                                                                                ofmanagement’s
                                                                                                   management’s
                                                                                                   management’sjudgementjudgement
                                                                                                                         judgementabout
                                                                                                                                    about
                                                                                                                                     abouthe
                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                            theCompany’s
                                                                                                                                                Company’s
                                                                                                                                                 Company’sability
                                                                                                                                                              ability
                                                                                                                                                               abilityto
                                                                                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                                                                                        to
 estimates of total expected labour costs, including the assessment of management’s judgement about the Company’s ability to
properly
 properly
  properlyassess
             assess
              assessthe the
                         thefactors
                             factors
                              factorsthat
                                       that
                                        thatcan
                                              can    affecthe
                                                    affect
                                               canaffect     the
                                                              theestimates
                                                                    estimates
                                                                     estimatesof of
                                                                                  oftotal
                                                                                     total
                                                                                      totalexpected
                                                                                            expected
                                                                                            expectedlabour
                                                                                                       labour
                                                                                                        labourcosts.
                                                                                                                   costs.
                                                                                                                    costs.
 properly assess the factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs.
Addressing
 Addressing
  Addressingthe   the
                   thematter
                        matter
                          matterinvolved
                                  involved
                                   involvedperforming
                                              performing
                                               performingprocedures
                                                               procedures
                                                                proceduresand  and    evaluatingaudit
                                                                                      evaluating
                                                                                andevaluating        audit
                                                                                                      auditevidence
                                                                                                             evidence
                                                                                                              evidenceinin  inconnection
                                                                                                                               connection
                                                                                                                                connectionwith  with
                                                                                                                                                 withforming
                                                                                                                                                       forming
                                                                                                                                                        formingourour
                                                                                                                                                                   ouroverall
                                                                                                                                                                        overall
                                                                                                                                                                         overall
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
opinion
 opinion
  opinionon on
            onthe
                the
                 theconsolidated
                       consolidated
                        consolidatedfinancial
                                         financial
                                          financialstatements.
                                                     statements.
                                                      statements.These These     proceduresincluded
                                                                                 procedures
                                                                       Theseprocedures            included
                                                                                                   includedtesting
                                                                                                                testing
                                                                                                                 testingthe
                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                          theeffectiveness
                                                                                                                               effectiveness
                                                                                                                                effectivenessof     of
                                                                                                                                                     ofcontrols
                                                                                                                                                        controls
                                                                                                                                                         controlsrelating
                                                                                                                                                                   relating
                                                                                                                                                                    relatingtoto
                                                                                                                                                                               to
 opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to
the
 the
  therevenue
       revenue
        revenuerecognition
                   recognition
                    recognitionprocess,
                                    process,
                                     process,including
                                                including
                                                 includingcontrols
                                                               controls
                                                                controlsover
                                                                          over
                                                                           overthe
                                                                                 the   determination
                                                                                  thedetermination
                                                                                        determinationof    of
                                                                                                            ofestimates
                                                                                                                estimates
                                                                                                                 estimatesof  of
                                                                                                                               oftotal
                                                                                                                                  total
                                                                                                                                   totalexpected
                                                                                                                                          expected
                                                                                                                                          expectedlabourlabour
                                                                                                                                                         labourcosts.
                                                                                                                                                                 costs.
                                                                                                                                                                  costs.These
                                                                                                                                                                           These
                                                                                                                                                                            These
 the revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of estimates of total expected labour costs. These
procedures
 procedures
  proceduresalso  also
                   alsoincluded,
                          included,
                           included,among
                                       among
                                       amongothers,
                                                 others,
                                                  others,evaluating
                                                             evaluating
                                                              evaluatingand and  testing
                                                                            andtesting
                                                                                  testingmanagement’s
                                                                                            management’s
                                                                                             management’sprocess,   process,
                                                                                                                    process,on  on
                                                                                                                                 onaaasample
                                                                                                                                        sample
                                                                                                                                         samplebasis,
                                                                                                                                                   basis,
                                                                                                                                                    basis,for
                                                                                                                                                            for
                                                                                                                                                             fordetermining
                                                                                                                                                                 determining
                                                                                                                                                                 determining
 procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management’s process, on a sample basis, for determining
the
 the
  theestimates
       estimates
        estimatesof   of
                       oftotal
                          total
                           totalexpected
                                 expected
                                 expectedlabour
                                             labour
                                              labourcosts
                                                       costs
                                                        costsdetermined
                                                                determined
                                                                 determinedby   by   management
                                                                                 bymanagement
                                                                                      managementby      by
                                                                                                         by(i)
                                                                                                             (i)
                                                                                                              (i)testing
                                                                                                                  testing
                                                                                                                   testingtotal
                                                                                                                           total
                                                                                                                            totalabour
                                                                                                                                   labour
                                                                                                                                    labourcosts
                                                                                                                                             costs
                                                                                                                                              costsincurred
                                                                                                                                                      incurred
                                                                                                                                                       incurredto to
                                                                                                                                                                   tosupporting
                                                                                                                                                                      supporting
                                                                                                                                                                       supporting
 the estimates of total expected labour costs determined by management by (i) testing total labour costs incurred to supporting
evidence;
 evidence;
  evidence;(ii)(ii)
                (ii)performing
                     performing
                      performingaaacomparison
                                       comparison
                                        comparisonof    of
                                                         ofthe
                                                             the
                                                              thesum
                                                                  sum
                                                                   sumofof
                                                                         oftotal
                                                                            total   labourcosts
                                                                                   labour
                                                                             totalabour      costs
                                                                                              costsincurred
                                                                                                     incurred
                                                                                                      incurredand  and
                                                                                                                    andthe
                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                         thetotal
                                                                                                                              total
                                                                                                                               totalexpected
                                                                                                                                     expected
                                                                                                                                       expectedlabour
                                                                                                                                                    labour
                                                                                                                                                     labourcosts
                                                                                                                                                              costs
                                                                                                                                                               coststoto
                                                                                                                                                                       tocomplete
                                                                                                                                                                          complete
                                                                                                                                                                           complete
 evidence; (ii) performing a comparison of the sum of total labour costs incurred and the total expected labour costs to complete
to
 to
  tothe
     the
      theoriginally
          originally
          originallyestimated
                        estimated
                          estimatedcosts;
                                      costs;
                                       costs;and
                                               and
                                                and(iii)
                                                     (iii)
                                                      (iii)evaluating
                                                            evaluating
                                                             evaluatingthethe
                                                                           theprocess
                                                                               process
                                                                                processof   of
                                                                                             ofthe
                                                                                                the
                                                                                                 thetimely
                                                                                                     timely
                                                                                                      timelyidentification
                                                                                                               identification
                                                                                                                identificationof  of
                                                                                                                                   ofactors
                                                                                                                                      factors
                                                                                                                                       factorsthat
                                                                                                                                                 that
                                                                                                                                                  thatcan
                                                                                                                                                        can
                                                                                                                                                         canaffect
                                                                                                                                                             affect
                                                                                                                                                              affecthethe
                                                                                                                                                                       thetotal
                                                                                                                                                                           total
                                                                                                                                                                            total
 to the originally estimated costs; and (iii) evaluating the process of the timely identification of factors that can affect the total
expected
 expected
  expectedlabour
              labour
               labourcostscosts
                           costsincluding,
                                  including,
                                   including,but
                                               but
                                                butnot
                                                    not
                                                     notlimited
                                                           limited
                                                            limitedto,
                                                                    to,
                                                                     to,changes
                                                                         changes
                                                                          changesto    tothe
                                                                                      to  the
                                                                                           thescope
                                                                                               scope
                                                                                                scopeof of
                                                                                                         ofthe
                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                             thecontracts,
                                                                                                                   contracts,
                                                                                                                    contracts,delays
                                                                                                                                 delays
                                                                                                                                  delaysinininreaching
                                                                                                                                               reaching
                                                                                                                                                reachingmilestones,
                                                                                                                                                            milestones,
                                                                                                                                                             milestones,and  and
                                                                                                                                                                              and
 expected labour costs including, but not limited to, changes to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones, and
complexities
 complexities
  complexitiesinin   inproject
                        project
                         projectdelivery.
                                  delivery.
                                   delivery.
 complexities in project delivery.




/s/
 /s/
  /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers
     PricewaterhouseCoopers
      PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP
                             LLP
                             LLP
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Montréal,Canada
Montréal,Canada
 Montréal,Canada
Montréal,Canada
November
November
 November5,5,
           5,2024
              2024
              2024
November 5, 2024
We
 Wehave
We  have
    haveserved
         served
          servedas
                 as
                 asthe
                    the
                     theCompany’s
                        Company’s
                         Company’sauditor
                                   auditor
                                   auditorsince
                                           since
                                            since2019.
                                                  2019.
                                                  2019.
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2019.




CGI
 CGI
 CGIInc.
     Inc.
      Inc.–––Consolidated
              Consolidated
              ConsolidatedFinancial
                           Financial
                            FinancialStatements
                                      Statements
                                      Statementsfor
                                                 for
                                                  forthe
                                                      the  years
                                                       theyears
                                                            yearsended
                                                                  ended
                                                                   endedSeptember
                                                                         September
                                                                         September30,
                                                                                   30,
                                                                                    30,2024
                                                                                        2024
                                                                                         2024and
                                                                                              and
                                                                                               and2023
                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                                    2023                                                                        555
 CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                                                    5
76 — Consolidated Financial Statements

 ConsolidatedStatements
Consolidated  StatementsofofEarnings
                             Earnings
For For
For  the
     the the
         years
             years
         years ended
                   ended
               ended  September
                         September
                      September  30
                                 30 30
(in (in
(in thousands
        thousands
    thousands  of of
               of Canadian
                     Canadian
                  Canadian dollars,
                               dollars,
                           dollars, except
                                    except per       data)
                                                   share
                                               share
                                           per per
                                        except share     data)
                                                     data)


                                                                                     Notes
                                                                                         Notes
                                                                                     Notes                 2024
                                                                                                           20242024         2023
                                                                                                                            20232023
                                                                                                              $
                                                                                                              $ $              $
                                                                                                                               $ $
 Revenue
    Revenue
 Revenue                                                                               29 29
                                                                                       29            14,676,152
                                                                                                         14,676,152
                                                                                                     14,676,152       14,296,360
                                                                                                                          14,296,360
                                                                                                                      14,296,360
 Operating
    Operating
 Operating  expenses
                 expenses
            expenses
  Costs
      Costs
         of services,
              of services,
  Costs of services,   selling
                            selling
                       selling and
                               and and
                                     administrative
                                         administrative
                                     administrative                                    23
                                                                                       23 23         12,259,730
                                                                                                         12,259,730
                                                                                                     12,259,730       11,982,421
                                                                                                                          11,982,421
                                                                                                                      11,982,421
  Acquisition-related
  Acquisition-related and integration costs
      Acquisition-related
                        and  and
                             integration
                                  integration costs
                                          costs                                        27c
                                                                                       27c 27c            5,866
                                                                                                              5,866
                                                                                                          5,866           53,401
                                                                                                                              53,401
                                                                                                                          53,401
  CostCost
        optimization
             optimization
                      program
  Cost optimization programprogram                                                     25
                                                                                       25 25             91,063
                                                                                                             91,063
                                                                                                         91,063            8,964
                                                                                                                               8,964
                                                                                                                           8,964
  Net
  Net Net
      finance
           finance
      finance   costs
                    costs
                costs                                                                  26
                                                                                       26 26             27,889
                                                                                                             27,889
                                                                                                         27,889           52,463
                                                                                                                              52,463
                                                                                                                          52,463
  Foreign
  Foreign exchange loss
      Foreign
           exchange
                exchange
                       lossloss                                                                             653 653
                                                                                                            653            1,198
                                                                                                                               1,198
                                                                                                                           1,198
                                                                                                     12,385,201
                                                                                                         12,385,201
                                                                                                     12,385,201       12,098,447
                                                                                                                          12,098,447
                                                                                                                      12,098,447
 Earnings
     Earnings
 Earnings  before
               before
           before income
                      income
                  income  taxes
                              taxes
                          taxes                                                                       2,290,951
                                                                                                          2,290,951
                                                                                                      2,290,951        2,197,913
                                                                                                                           2,197,913
                                                                                                                       2,197,913
 Income
     Income
         tax expense
             tax expense
 Income tax expense                                                                    16
                                                                                       16 16            598,236
                                                                                                            598,236
                                                                                                        598,236          566,664
                                                                                                                             566,664
                                                                                                                         566,664
 Net
 Net Net
     earnings
         earnings
     earnings                                                                                         1,692,715
                                                                                                          1,692,715
                                                                                                      1,692,715        1,631,249
                                                                                                                           1,631,249
                                                                                                                       1,631,249
 Earnings
 Earnings per
     Earnings
            per per
                share
                    share
                share
 Basic
     Basic
 Basic earnings
           earnings
       earnings per share
                    per share
                per share                                                              21
                                                                                       21 21               7.42
                                                                                                           7.427.42         6.976.97
                                                                                                                            6.97
 Diluted
     Diluted
         earnings
             earnings
                  per share
                      per share
 Diluted earnings per share                                                            21
                                                                                       21 21               7.31
                                                                                                           7.317.31         6.866.86
                                                                                                                            6.86


See See
See Notes
        Notes
    Notes to the
          to the
               to the
                 Consolidated
                      Consolidated
                 Consolidated Financial
                                   Financial
                              Financial Statements.
                                             Statements.
                                        Statements.




CGI CGI –
    Inc.
CGI Inc. –Inc. –
            Consolidated
                 Consolidated
            Consolidated           Statements
                              Financial
                         Financial
                         Financial      Statements
                                   Statements for the
                                              for the yearsyears
                                                   for the
                                                      years ended
                                                            endedended
                                                                   September
                                                                   September 30, 30,
                                                                       September
                                                                             30,          20232023
                                                                                      and and
                                                                                 20242024
                                                                                 2024 and 2023                                     6
                                                                                                                                   6   6
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 77

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For
For the
     the years
         years ended
               ended September
                     September 3030
(in
(in thousands  of Canadian
    thousands of  Canadian dollars)
                           dollars)


                                                                                                                         2024
                                                                                                                         2024         2023
                                                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                                            $
                                                                                                                            $            $
                                                                                                                                         $
  Net
  Net earnings
      earnings                                                                                                      1,692,715
                                                                                                                    1,692,715    1,631,249
                                                                                                                                 1,631,249
  Items that will
  Items that will be
                  be reclassified
                     reclassified subsequently
                                  subsequently to
                                               to net
                                                  net earnings
                                                      earnings (net
                                                               (net of
                                                                    of income
                                                                       income taxes):
                                                                              taxes):
      Net unrealized
      Net  unrealized gains
                         gains on
                                on translating
                                   translating financial
                                                financial statements
                                                           statements of of foreign
                                                                            foreign operations
                                                                                     operations                      361,938
                                                                                                                     361,938      242,789
                                                                                                                                  242,789
      Net losses on cross-currency swaps and on translating long-term debt
      Net  losses   on  cross-currency    swaps   and  on  translating  long-term   debt designated
                                                                                         designated as
                                                                                                     as hedges
                                                                                                        hedges
        of net
        of  net investments
                investments in in foreign
                                  foreign operations
                                           operations                                                                 (63,308)
                                                                                                                      (63,308)     (53,959)
                                                                                                                                   (53,959)
      Deferred gains
      Deferred    gains (costs)
                         (costs) of
                                  of hedging
                                     hedging onon cross-currency
                                                   cross-currency swaps
                                                                    swaps                                               5,490
                                                                                                                        5,490      (14,733)
                                                                                                                                   (14,733)
      Net
      Net unrealized
           unrealized losses
                         losses on
                                 on cash
                                     cash flow
                                           flow hedges
                                                hedges                                                                (18,454)
                                                                                                                      (18,454)     (18,750)
                                                                                                                                   (18,750)
      Net unrealized
      Net  unrealized gains
                         gains on
                                on financial
                                   financial assets
                                              assets at
                                                      at fair
                                                         fair value
                                                              value through
                                                                    through other
                                                                               other comprehensive
                                                                                      comprehensive income
                                                                                                     income             5,859
                                                                                                                        5,859          660
                                                                                                                                       660
   Items that
   Items that will
               will not
                    not be
                         be reclassified
                            reclassified subsequently
                                          subsequently to to net
                                                              net earnings
                                                                  earnings (net
                                                                             (net of
                                                                                  of income
                                                                                     income taxes):
                                                                                             taxes):
      Net remeasurement
      Net  remeasurement gains gains (losses)
                                      (losses) on
                                                on defined
                                                    defined benefit
                                                              benefit plans
                                                                      plans                                               753
                                                                                                                          753      (36,778)
                                                                                                                                   (36,778)
   Other
   Other comprehensive
         comprehensive incomeincome                                                                                   292,278
                                                                                                                      292,278      119,229
                                                                                                                                   119,229
   Comprehensive
   Comprehensive income income                                                                                      1,984,993
                                                                                                                    1,984,993    1,750,478
                                                                                                                                 1,750,478


See Notes
See Notes to
          to the
             the Consolidated
                 Consolidated Financial
                              Financial Statements.
                                        Statements.




CGI Inc.
CGI Inc. –
         – Consolidated
           Consolidated Financial
                        Financial Statements
                                  Statements for
                                             for the
                                                 the years
                                                     years ended
                                                           ended September
                                                                 September 30,
                                                                           30, 2024
                                                                               2024 and
                                                                                    and 2023
                                                                                        2023                                             7
                                                                                                                                         7
78 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheet
For
For the
     the years
         years ended
               ended September
                     September 3030
(in
(in thousands
    thousands of
               of Canadian
                  Canadian dollars)
                           dollars)


                                                                                                      Notes
                                                                                                      Notes               2024
                                                                                                                          2024          2023
                                                                                                                                        2023
                                                                                                                             $
                                                                                                                             $             $
                                                                                                                                           $
 Assets
 Assets
 Current assets
 Current  assets
     Cash and
     Cash  and cashcash equivalents
                         equivalents                                                                28e and
                                                                                                    28e and 32
                                                                                                            32        1,461,145
                                                                                                                      1,461,145     1,568,291
                                                                                                                                    1,568,291
     Accounts receivable
     Accounts     receivable                                                                         4
                                                                                                     4 and
                                                                                                       and 32
                                                                                                           32         1,398,402
                                                                                                                      1,398,402     1,425,117
                                                                                                                                    1,425,117
     Work in
     Work  in progress
               progress                                                                                               1,208,095
                                                                                                                      1,208,095     1,143,685
                                                                                                                                    1,143,685
     Current
     Current financial
               financial assets
                           assets                                                                      32
                                                                                                       32                 8,334
                                                                                                                          8,334       103,463
                                                                                                                                      103,463
     Prepaid expenses
     Prepaid    expenses and and other
                                 other current
                                       current assets
                                               assets                                                                   211,279
                                                                                                                        211,279       198,377
                                                                                                                                      198,377
     Income taxes
     Income    taxes                                                                                                     23,271
                                                                                                                         23,271         6,067
                                                                                                                                        6,067
 Total current
 Total current assets
                 assets before
                           before funds
                                  funds held
                                        held for
                                             for clients
                                                 clients                                                              4,310,526
                                                                                                                      4,310,526     4,445,000
                                                                                                                                    4,445,000
      Funds
      Funds held
             held forfor clients
                         clients                                                                        5
                                                                                                        5               506,780
                                                                                                                        506,780       488,727
                                                                                                                                      488,727
 Total
 Total current
       current assets
                 assets                                                                                               4,817,306
                                                                                                                      4,817,306     4,933,727
                                                                                                                                    4,933,727
 Property,
 Property, plant
            plant and
                    and equipment
                          equipment                                                                    6
                                                                                                       6                366,823
                                                                                                                        366,823       389,276
                                                                                                                                      389,276
 Right-of-use
 Right-of-use assets
                 assets                                                                                7
                                                                                                       7                466,115
                                                                                                                        466,115       482,321
                                                                                                                                      482,321
 Contract
 Contract costs
           costs                                                                                       8
                                                                                                       8                344,029
                                                                                                                        344,029       308,446
                                                                                                                                      308,446
 Intangible
 Intangible assets
             assets                                                                                    9
                                                                                                       9                718,575
                                                                                                                        718,575       623,103
                                                                                                                                      623,103
 Other
 Other long-term
        long-term assets
                      assets                                                                           10
                                                                                                       10               110,440
                                                                                                                        110,440        84,776
                                                                                                                                       84,776
 Long-term
 Long-term financial
              financial assets
                          assets                                                                       11
                                                                                                       11               149,237
                                                                                                                        149,237       147,968
                                                                                                                                      147,968
 Deferred tax
 Deferred   tax assets
                 assets                                                                                16
                                                                                                       16               242,567
                                                                                                                        242,567       105,432
                                                                                                                                      105,432
 Goodwill
 Goodwill                                                                                              12
                                                                                                       12             9,470,376
                                                                                                                      9,470,376     8,724,450
                                                                                                                                    8,724,450
                                                                                                                     16,685,468
                                                                                                                     16,685,468    15,799,499
                                                                                                                                   15,799,499

 Liabilities
 Liabilities
 Current
 Current liabilities
          liabilities
     Accounts payable
     Accounts     payable and and accrued
                                   accrued liabilities
                                               liabilities                                                              999,790
                                                                                                                        999,790       924,659
                                                                                                                                      924,659
     Accrued
     Accrued compensation
                compensation and    and employee-related
                                           employee-related liabilities
                                                                 liabilities                                          1,165,903
                                                                                                                      1,165,903     1,100,566
                                                                                                                                    1,100,566
     Deferred revenue
     Deferred    revenue                                                                                                536,788
                                                                                                                        536,788       488,761
                                                                                                                                      488,761
     Income taxes
     Income    taxes                                                                                                    150,300
                                                                                                                        150,300       250,869
                                                                                                                                      250,869
     Current portion
     Current   portion of of long-term
                             long-term debtdebt                                                        14
                                                                                                       14                   999
                                                                                                                            999     1,158,971
                                                                                                                                    1,158,971
     Current
     Current portion
               portion of of lease
                             lease liabilities
                                     liabilities                                                                        150,252
                                                                                                                        150,252       198,857
                                                                                                                                      198,857
     Provisions
     Provisions                                                                                        13
                                                                                                       13                27,471
                                                                                                                         27,471        24,965
                                                                                                                                       24,965
     Current derivative
     Current   derivative financial
                              financial instruments
                                          instruments                                                  32
                                                                                                       32                13,073
                                                                                                                         13,073         4,513
                                                                                                                                        4,513
 Total
 Total current
       current liabilities
                 liabilities before
                              before clients’
                                       clients’ funds
                                                 funds obligations
                                                         obligations                                                  3,044,576
                                                                                                                      3,044,576     4,152,161
                                                                                                                                    4,152,161
     Clients’ funds
     Clients’  funds obligations
                        obligations                                                                                     504,515
                                                                                                                        504,515       493,638
                                                                                                                                      493,638
 Total current
 Total current liabilities
                 liabilities                                                                                          3,549,091
                                                                                                                      3,549,091     4,645,799
                                                                                                                                    4,645,799
 Long-term debt
 Long-term    debt                                                                                     14
                                                                                                       14             2,687,309
                                                                                                                      2,687,309     1,941,350
                                                                                                                                    1,941,350
 Long-term lease
 Long-term    lease liabilities
                      liabilities                                                                                       469,843
                                                                                                                        469,843       443,106
                                                                                                                                      443,106
 Long-term
 Long-term provisions
              provisions                                                                               13
                                                                                                       13                18,951
                                                                                                                         18,951        19,198
                                                                                                                                       19,198
 Other
 Other long-term
        long-term liabilities
                     liabilities                                                                       15
                                                                                                       15               301,082
                                                                                                                        301,082       243,592
                                                                                                                                      243,592
 Long-term derivative
 Long-term    derivative financial
                            financial instruments
                                        instruments                                                    32
                                                                                                       32                19,704
                                                                                                                         19,704         1,700
                                                                                                                                        1,700
 Deferred tax
 Deferred   tax liabilities
                 liabilities                                                                           16
                                                                                                       16                21,132
                                                                                                                         21,132        31,081
                                                                                                                                       31,081
 Retirement
 Retirement benefits
               benefits obligations
                           obligations                                                                 17
                                                                                                       17               190,366
                                                                                                                        190,366       163,379
                                                                                                                                      163,379
                                                                                                                      7,257,478
                                                                                                                      7,257,478     7,489,205
                                                                                                                                    7,489,205
 Equity
 Equity
 Retained earnings
 Retained  earnings                                                                                                   7,129,370
                                                                                                                      7,129,370     6,329,107
                                                                                                                                    6,329,107
 Accumulated
 Accumulated other
               other comprehensive
                     comprehensive income
                                   income                                                              18
                                                                                                       18               451,253
                                                                                                                        451,253       158,975
                                                                                                                                      158,975
 Capital
 Capital stock
         stock                                                                                         19
                                                                                                       19             1,470,333
                                                                                                                      1,470,333     1,477,180
                                                                                                                                    1,477,180
 Contributed surplus
 Contributed surplus                                                                                                    377,034
                                                                                                                        377,034       345,032
                                                                                                                                      345,032
                                                                                                                      9,427,990
                                                                                                                      9,427,990     8,310,294
                                                                                                                                    8,310,294
                                                                                                                     16,685,468
                                                                                                                     16,685,468    15,799,499
                                                                                                                                   15,799,499

See
See Notes
    Notes to
          to the
             the Consolidated
                 Consolidated Financial
                              Financial Statements.
                                        Statements.




                                                                               /s/ François Boulanger            /s/ Serge Godin

Approved by
Approved by the
            the Board
                Board of
                      of Directors
                         Directors                                             François
                                                                               François Boulanger
                                                                                        Boulanger                Serge
                                                                                                                 Serge Godin
                                                                                                                        Godin
                                                                               Director
                                                                               Director                          Director
                                                                                                                 Director




CGI
CGI Inc.
    Inc. –
         – Consolidated
           Consolidated Financial
                        Financial Statements
                                  Statements for
                                             for the
                                                 the years
                                                     years ended
                                                           ended September
                                                                 September 30,
                                                                           30, 2024
                                                                               2024 and
                                                                                    and 2023
                                                                                        2023                                                8
                                                                                                                                            8
                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 79

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                    other
                                                                                   Retained comprehensive         Capital   Contributed        Total
                                                                        Notes      earnings       income           stock       surplus        equity
                                                                                           $               $           $              $           $
Balance as at September 30, 2023                                                 6,329,107          158,975    1,477,180      345,032     8,310,294
Net earnings                                                                     1,692,715               —            —            —      1,692,715
Other comprehensive income                                                              —           292,278           —             —       292,278
Comprehensive income                                                             1,692,715          292,278           —             —     1,984,993
Share-based payment costs                                                               —                —            —         67,840       67,840
Income tax impact associated with share-based payments                                  —                —            —          9,735        9,735
 Exercise of stock options                                               19             —                —        91,800       (15,265)      76,535
 Exercise of performance share units                                     19            823               —        14,078       (30,308)     (15,407)
 Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares,
   net of tax                                                            19       (893,275)              —       (45,878)          —       (939,153)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts            19             —                —       (66,847)          —        (66,847)
 Balance as at September 30, 2024                                                7,129,370          451,253    1,470,333      377,034     9,427,990



                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                                       other
                                                                                    Retained   comprehensive      Capital   Contributed        Total
                                                                        Notes       earnings         income        stock       surplus        equity
                                                                                           $              $            $             $            $
Balance as at September 30, 2022                                                 5,425,005          39,746     1,493,169      314,804     7,272,724
Net earnings                                                                     1,631,249              —             —            —      1,631,249
Other comprehensive income                                                              —          119,229            —            —        119,229
Comprehensive income                                                             1,631,249         119,229            —            —      1,750,478
Share-based payment costs                                                               —               —             —        58,214        58,214
Income tax impact associated with share-based payments                                  —               —             —        14,423        14,423
Exercise of stock options                                                19             —               —        106,051      (17,735)       88,316
Exercise of performance share units                                      19         (2,885)             —         13,680      (24,674)      (13,879)
Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares           19       (725,538)             —        (61,368)          —       (786,906)
Unrealized commitment to purchase Class A subordinate voting
  shares                                                                             1,276              —            103           —          1,379
Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts             19             —               —        (74,455)          —        (74,455)
Balance as at September 30, 2023                                                 6,329,107         158,975     1,477,180      345,032     8,310,294


See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                       9
80 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For
For the
     the years
         years ended
               ended September
                     September 3030
(in
(in thousands  of Canadian
    thousands of  Canadian dollars)
                           dollars)


                                                                                                            Notes
                                                                                                            Notes            2024
                                                                                                                             2024          2023
                                                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                                                                $
                                                                                                                                $             $
                                                                                                                                              $
 Operating activities
 Operating  activities
 Net earnings
 Net earnings                                                                                                          1,692,715
                                                                                                                       1,692,715     1,631,249
                                                                                                                                     1,631,249
 Adjustments
 Adjustments for:
              for:
  Amortization,
  Amortization, depreciation
                 depreciation and
                                and impairment
                                    impairment                                                               24
                                                                                                             24          536,859
                                                                                                                         536,859       519,648
                                                                                                                                       519,648
  Deferred  income   tax recovery
  Deferred income tax recovery                                                                               16
                                                                                                             16         (146,100)
                                                                                                                        (146,100)     (109,496)
                                                                                                                                      (109,496)
  Foreign
  Foreign exchange
           exchange gain
                       gain                                                                                              (11,043)
                                                                                                                         (11,043)         (766)
                                                                                                                                          (766)
  Share-based
  Share-based payment
                 payment costs
                           costs                                                                                          67,840
                                                                                                                          67,840        58,214
                                                                                                                                        58,214
  Gain
  Gain on
        on sale
           sale of
                 of property,
                    property, plant
                              plant and
                                    and equipment
                                          equipment and
                                                    and on
                                                        on lease
                                                           lease terminations
                                                                 terminations                                               (284)
                                                                                                                            (284)       (3,065)
                                                                                                                                        (3,065)
 Net change  in non-cash   working  capital items and others
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others                                                     28a
                                                                                                             28a          64,996
                                                                                                                          64,996        16,465
                                                                                                                                        16,465
 Cash provided
 Cash  provided by
                by operating
                    operating activities
                               activities                                                                              2,204,983
                                                                                                                       2,204,983     2,112,249
                                                                                                                                     2,112,249

 Investing
 Investing activities
           activities
 Net
 Net change
     change in
            in short-term
               short-term investments
                          investments                                                                                     59,053
                                                                                                                          59,053       (81,131)
                                                                                                                                       (81,131)
 Business acquisitions
 Business  acquisitions (net
                           (net of
                                 of cash
                                    cash acquired)
                                          acquired)                                                          27
                                                                                                             27         (380,313)
                                                                                                                        (380,313)      (13,039)
                                                                                                                                       (13,039)
 Loan  receivable
 Loan receivable                                                                                                           7,508
                                                                                                                           7,508       (15,846)
                                                                                                                                       (15,846)
 Purchase of
 Purchase   of property,
                property, plant
                           plant and
                                  and equipment
                                       equipment                                                                        (109,733)
                                                                                                                        (109,733)     (159,769)
                                                                                                                                      (159,769)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant
 Proceeds   from   sale of  property,  plant and
                                             and equipment
                                                 equipment                                                                 5,732
                                                                                                                           5,732            —
                                                                                                                                            —
 Additions to  contract  costs
 Additions to contract costs                                                                                             (97,059)
                                                                                                                         (97,059)     (102,082)
                                                                                                                                      (102,082)
 Additions
 Additions to
           to intangible
               intangible assets
                           assets                                                                                       (153,907)
                                                                                                                        (153,907)     (147,200)
                                                                                                                                      (147,200)
 Purchase
 Purchase of long-term
            of  long-term investments
                            investments                                                                                 (161,842)
                                                                                                                        (161,842)      (93,275)
                                                                                                                                       (93,275)
 Proceeds
 Proceeds from
            from sale
                   sale of
                        of long-term
                            long-term investments
                                        investments                                                                       55,177
                                                                                                                          55,177        50,484
                                                                                                                                        50,484
 Cash used
 Cash  used inin investing
                 investing activities
                             activities                                                                                 (775,384)
                                                                                                                        (775,384)     (561,858)
                                                                                                                                      (561,858)

 Financing
 Financing activities
              activities
 Increase
 Increase ofof long-term
               long-term debt debt                                                                           28c
                                                                                                             28c          747,073
                                                                                                                          747,073           948
                                                                                                                                            948
 Repayment of
 Repayment      of long-term
                     long-term debtdebt                                                                      28c
                                                                                                             28c       (1,154,878)
                                                                                                                       (1,154,878)      (79,150)
                                                                                                                                        (79,150)
 Settlement
 Settlement of of derivative
                   derivative financial
                                  financial instruments
                                             instruments                                                  28c
                                                                                                          28c and
                                                                                                              and 32
                                                                                                                  32       38,943
                                                                                                                           38,943         2,921
                                                                                                                                          2,921
 Payment of
 Payment    of lease
                lease liabilities
                         liabilities                                                                         28c
                                                                                                             28c         (146,762)
                                                                                                                         (146,762)     (161,211)
                                                                                                                                       (161,211)
 Repayment
 Repayment of   of debt
                     debt assumed
                            assumed from from business
                                               business acquisitions
                                                        acquisitions                                         28c
                                                                                                             28c         (162,146)
                                                                                                                         (162,146)      (56,994)
                                                                                                                                        (56,994)
 Purchase for cancellation of Class A
 Purchase    for   cancellation     of Class   A subordinate
                                                 subordinate voting
                                                              voting shares
                                                                       shares                                 19
                                                                                                              19         (934,765)
                                                                                                                         (934,765)     (788,020)
                                                                                                                                       (788,020)
 Issuance   of  Class     A  subordinate    voting
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares      shares                                                                 76,523
                                                                                                                           76,523        88,316
                                                                                                                                         88,316
 Purchase
 Purchase of of Class
                 Class A   A subordinate
                             subordinate voting
                                             voting shares
                                                    shares held
                                                           held inin trusts
                                                                     trusts                                  19
                                                                                                             19           (66,847)
                                                                                                                          (66,847)      (74,455)
                                                                                                                                        (74,455)
 Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of performance share
 Withholding     taxes    remitted    on  the net settlement of  performance   share units
                                                                                      units                  19
                                                                                                             19           (15,407)
                                                                                                                          (15,407)      (13,879)
                                                                                                                                        (13,879)
 Net change     in  clients'  funds    obligations
 Net change in clients' funds obligations                                                                                  10,609
                                                                                                                           10,609      (110,852)
                                                                                                                                       (110,852)
 Cash used
 Cash   used in
              in financing
                   financing activities
                                 activities                                                                            (1,607,657)
                                                                                                                       (1,607,657)   (1,192,376)
                                                                                                                                     (1,192,376)
 Effect
 Effect of foreign exchange
        of foreign     exchange rate rate changes
                                           changes onon cash,
                                                        cash, cash
                                                               cash equivalents
                                                                      equivalents and
                                                                                  and cash
                                                                                      cash included
                                                                                            included in
                                                                                                     in
   funds held
   funds  held forfor clients
                       clients                                                                                            34,704
                                                                                                                          34,704         8,884
                                                                                                                                         8,884
 Net
 Net (decrease)
     (decrease) increase
                increase in
                         in cash,
                            cash, cash
                                  cash equivalents
                                        equivalents and
                                                     and cash
                                                         cash included
                                                                included in
                                                                          in funds
                                                                             funds held
                                                                                   held for
                                                                                        for clients
                                                                                            clients                     (143,354)
                                                                                                                        (143,354)      366,899
                                                                                                                                       366,899
 Cash, cash equivalents and  cash  included in funds  held for clients, beginning  of
 Cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients, beginning of yearyear                             1,838,083
                                                                                                                       1,838,083     1,471,184
                                                                                                                                     1,471,184
 Cash,
 Cash, cash
       cash equivalents
             equivalents and
                          and cash
                               cash included
                                     included inin funds
                                                   funds held
                                                          held for
                                                                for clients,
                                                                    clients, end
                                                                              end of
                                                                                  of year
                                                                                      year                             1,694,729
                                                                                                                       1,694,729     1,838,083
                                                                                                                                     1,838,083

 Cash
 Cash composition:
      composition:
 Cash
 Cash and
      and cash
           cash equivalents
                equivalents                                                                                            1,461,145
                                                                                                                       1,461,145     1,568,291
                                                                                                                                     1,568,291
 Cash
 Cash included in
      included in funds
                  funds held
                        held for
                             for clients
                                 clients                                                                      5
                                                                                                              5          233,584
                                                                                                                         233,584       269,792
                                                                                                                                       269,792



Supplementary cash
Supplementary cash flow
                   flow information
                        information (Note
                                    (Note 28).
                                          28).

See Notes
See Notes to
          to the
             the Consolidated
                 Consolidated Financial
                              Financial Statements.
                                        Statements.




CGI Inc.
CGI Inc. –
         – Consolidated
           Consolidated Financial
                        Financial Statements
                                  Statements for
                                             for the
                                                 the years
                                                     years ended
                                                           ended September
                                                                 September 30,
                                                                           30, 2024
                                                                               2024 and
                                                                                    and 2023
                                                                                        2023                                                 10
                                                                                                                                             10
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 81

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


1.      Description of business

CGI Inc. (the Company), directly or through its subsidiaries, provides managed information technology (IT) and business
process services, business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services, and intellectual property (IP) business
solutions to help clients effectively realize their strategies and create added value. The Company was incorporated under Part
IA of the Companies Act (Québec), predecessor to the Business Corporations Act (Québec) which came into force on February
14, 2011 and its Class A subordinate voting shares are publicly traded. The executive and registered office of the Company is
situated at 1350 René-Lévesque Blvd. West, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3G 1T4.

2.      Basis of preparation

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards).
The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were authorized for
issue by the Board of Directors on November 5, 2024.

3.      Summary of material accounting policies

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated on consolidation.
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The Company controls an entity when it is exposed or has right to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the relevant
activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and continue to be consolidated until the
date control over the subsidiaries ceases.

BASIS OF MEASUREMENT
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and
liabilities, which have been measured at fair value as described below.

USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements and estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity and the accompanying disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because the use of judgements
and estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ.
Significant judgements and estimates about the future and other major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
reporting period could have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the following within
the next financial years: revenue recognition, deferred tax assets, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts, goodwill
impairment, right-of-use assets, business combinations, provisions for uncertain tax treatments and litigation and claims.
The judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
consolidated financial statements are:
Revenue recognition of multiple deliverable arrangements
Assessing whether the deliverables within an arrangement are separate performance obligations requires judgement by
management. A deliverable is identified as a separate performance obligation if the customer benefits from it on its own or
together with resources that are readily available to the customer and if it is separately identifiable from the other deliverables
in the contract. The Company assesses if the deliverables are separately identifiable in the context of the contract by
determining if the deliverables are integrated into a combined output, one or more deliverables significantly modify or
customize others, or if the deliverables are highly interdependent or interrelated. If any of these factors are met, the
deliverables are treated as a combined performance obligation.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                      11
  82 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notesto
      tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2024
                                          2024and
                                                and2023
                                                    2023
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
            Summary
             Summaryof
                    of
                     ofmaterial
                       material
                        materialaccounting
                                accounting
                                 accountingpolicies
                                           policies
                                            policies(continued)
                                                     (continued)
                                                      (continued)

DERIVATIVE
 DERIVATIVE
 USE OF JUDGEMENTS
           FINANCIAL
            FINANCIALAND
                     INSTRUMENTS
                       INSTRUMENTS
                          ESTIMATES
                                  AND
                                    AND
                                    (CONTINUED)
                                       HEDGING
                                        HEDGINGTRANSACTIONS
                                                TRANSACTIONS(CONTINUED)
                                                             (CONTINUED)
Hedges
 Deferred
 Hedges ofoftax
           netnetassets
                 investments
                   investmentsininforeign
                                    foreignoperations
                                            operations
The
  Deferred
  The Company
       Company
             tax may
                   assets
                      mayuse   use
                               are recognized
                                   cross-currency
                                     cross-currency     forswaps
                                                             unused
                                                              swaps  and
                                                                       and
                                                                        taxforeign
                                                                             losses
                                                                              foreignto   currency
                                                                                       currency
                                                                                             the  extent
                                                                                                      denominated
                                                                                                        denominated
                                                                                                            that  it is probable
                                                                                                                         long-term
                                                                                                                            long-term   that
                                                                                                                                          debt
                                                                                                                                            debtto
                                                                                                                                              taxable
                                                                                                                                                   tohedge
                                                                                                                                                       hedge
                                                                                                                                                         income
                                                                                                                                                              portions
                                                                                                                                                                portions
                                                                                                                                                                    will be
                                                                                                                                                                          ofofthe
                                                                                                                                                                              available
                                                                                                                                                                                the
Company’s
  Company’s
  against  which
              netnethe
                     investments
                        investments
                            losses    canininits
                                             beitsU.S.
                                                   utilized.
                                                     U.S. andandEuropean
                                                                Management          judgement is
                                                                                  operations.
                                                                   Europeanoperations.            Foreign
                                                                                                    Foreign
                                                                                                         required
                                                                                                              exchange
                                                                                                                exchange
                                                                                                                     concerning
                                                                                                                              translation
                                                                                                                                translation
                                                                                                                                        uncertainties
                                                                                                                                               gains
                                                                                                                                                  gainsororthat
                                                                                                                                                           losses
                                                                                                                                                             losses
                                                                                                                                                                 exist
                                                                                                                                                                    onon
                                                                                                                                                                       with
                                                                                                                                                                        the enet
                                                                                                                                                                               respect to
                                                                                                                                                                                 net
investments
  investments
  the timing of and
                  and
                   future
                        thethetaxable
                              effective
                                effective income
                                           portions
                                              portionsof
                                                       required
                                                            ofgains
                                                                gains
                                                                    toororlosses
                                                                         ecognize
                                                                            lossesona     instruments
                                                                                       ondeferred
                                                                                            instruments tax asset.
                                                                                                            hedging
                                                                                                              hedging  The
                                                                                                                        thethenet
                                                                                                                              Company
                                                                                                                                 netinvestments
                                                                                                                                       investments
                                                                                                                                              recognizes
                                                                                                                                                       are
                                                                                                                                                         are an
                                                                                                                                                             recorded
                                                                                                                                                               recorded
                                                                                                                                                                  income  inintax
                                                                                                                                                                              other
                                                                                                                                                                                other
                                                                                                                                                                                   benefit
  comprehensive
  only  when
comprehensive  it is income.
                      probable
                         income.Gainsthat
                                     Gains  the
                                              orortax
                                                  losses
                                                     losses
                                                        benefit
                                                              relating
                                                                relating
                                                                   will to
                                                                        betothetheineffective
                                                                             realizedineffective
                                                                                           in theportion
                                                                                                    future.
                                                                                                     portionIn
                                                                                                             areare
                                                                                                                 making
                                                                                                                   recognized
                                                                                                                     recognized
                                                                                                                              this inin
                                                                                                                                    judgement,
                                                                                                                                          consolidated
                                                                                                                                            consolidated
                                                                                                                                                      the Company
                                                                                                                                                            statements
                                                                                                                                                              statements relies
                                                                                                                                                                             ofof on
earnings.
  earnings.When
  forecasts   and
              When   the
                       thethehedged
                            availability
                               hedgednetof  netfuture
                                               investment  tax isis
                                                  investment     planning
                                                                     disposed
                                                                      disposedof,
                                                                              strategies.
                                                                                      of,the
                                                                                           therelevant
                                                                                                relevantamount
                                                                                                             amountininother othercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                     comprehensiveincome     incomeisistransferred
                                                                                                                                                                           transferred
totoearnings
     earningsasaspart partofofthe thegain
                                       gainororloss lossonondisposal.
                                                                disposal.
  A description of estimates is included in the respective sections within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Cash
  Cashflow
         flowhedges
                hedgesofofuture    futurerevenue
                                              revenueand     andlong-term
                                                                   long-termdebt   debt
  REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE
The
  Themajority
       majorityofofthe  theCompany’s
                              Company’srevenue  revenueand     andcosts
                                                                     costsarearedenominated
                                                                                   denominatedinina acurrency currencyother otherthanthanthe theCanadian
                                                                                                                                                   Canadiandollar.
                                                                                                                                                                dollar.TheTheriskriskofof
  The
foreignCompany
  foreign  exchangenerates
         exchange                      revenue
                            fluctuations
                          fluctuations        impacting
                                            impacting through  thethe
                                                             the    resultsis
                                                                  results      is of
                                                                       provision          managed IT
                                                                                 substantially
                                                                                  substantially     mitigated      business
                                                                                                             andbyby
                                                                                                      mitigated       matching
                                                                                                                        matching  process
                                                                                                                                      the       services,
                                                                                                                                         theCompany’s
                                                                                                                                              Company’scosts business
                                                                                                                                                               costswith and
                                                                                                                                                                      with      strategic
                                                                                                                                                                            revenue
                                                                                                                                                                              revenue
  IT consultinginand
denominated
  denominated       inthethesystems     currency.
                               samecurrency.
                             same        integration       services,  cases
                                                            certaincases
                                                      InIncertain               intellectual
                                                                         andwherewheretherethereproperty      (IP) business
                                                                                                 isisa asubstantial
                                                                                                          substantial  imbalance
                                                                                                                          imbalancesolutions
                                                                                                                                          for     as  described
                                                                                                                                            fora aspecific
                                                                                                                                                   specific        in Note
                                                                                                                                                            currency,
                                                                                                                                                              currency,  thethe1,
  Description
Company
  Companyenters  of   business.
              entersinto   intoforeign
                                 foreigncurrency
                                             currencyforwardforwardcontracts
                                                                       contractstotohedge  hedgethe  thevariability
                                                                                                           variabilityininthetheforeign
                                                                                                                                  foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                                               currencyexchange
                                                                                                                                                            exchangerates.
                                                                                                                                                                         rates.
The     Companyalso
  TheCompany          provides
                      also          services
                             usesinterest
                           uses                 and
                                     interestraterateandproducts
                                                         and         under
                                                               cross-currency
                                                             cross-currency   arrangements
                                                                                 swaps          that
                                                                                   swapstotohedge    contain
                                                                                               hedgeeither     various
                                                                                                       eitherthethe
                                                                                                                  cash  pricing
                                                                                                                    cashflow       mechanisms.
                                                                                                                           flowexposure
                                                                                                                                 exposure        theThe
                                                                                                                                           ororthe       Company
                                                                                                                                                    foreign
                                                                                                                                                      foreign
  accounts
  exchangefor a
exchange      exposurecontract
                exposure    ofoftheor a
                                  the     group
                                     long-term
                                        long-term  ofdebt.
                                                        contracts when the following criteria are met: the parties to the contract have approved
                                                        debt.
  the contract in which their rights, their obligations and the payment terms have been identified, the contract has commercial
  The
The   effective
        effective
  substance,      portion
                    portion
                  and   the of ofthe
                                   thechange
                                         change
                             collectability     ofinthe
                                                     infair
                                                         fair valueofofthe
                                                             value
                                                          consideration      isderivative
                                                                          thederivative
                                                                                probable.financial
                                                                                           financialinstruments
                                                                                                      instrumentsisisrecognized
                                                                                                                        recognizedininother
                                                                                                                                          othercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                                   comprehensive
income
  incomeand andthe theineffective
                        ineffectiveportion,
                                        portion,if ifany,
                                                        any,ininthe
                                                                  theconsolidated
                                                                      consolidatedstatements
                                                                                       statementsofofearnings.
                                                                                                         earnings.TheTheeffective
                                                                                                                           effectiveportion
                                                                                                                                       portionofofthe
                                                                                                                                                    thechange
                                                                                                                                                        changeininfair
                                                                                                                                                                    fair
  A contract
value
  valueofofthe  modification
                   derivativesisis
             thederivatives        is a  change
                                       reclassified
                                    reclassified         theofof
                                                     inout
                                                         out       otheror price
                                                               scope
                                                                 other            of
                                                                        comprehensivean existing
                                                                         comprehensive      income revenue-generating
                                                                                              incomeinto
                                                                                                       intothe
                                                                                                             theconsolidated customer
                                                                                                                  consolidated                  ofof The
                                                                                                                                         contract.
                                                                                                                                 statements
                                                                                                                                   statements             Company
                                                                                                                                                   earnings
                                                                                                                                                     earnings when
                                                                                                                                                               when
  accounts
  the
the  hedged
       hedged  for
                itema contract
                  itemisis         modification
                          recognized
                            recognized           theas a
                                           ininthe            separatestatements
                                                     consolidated
                                                        consolidated       contract  when
                                                                          statementsof  of the    scope of the contract increases because of the addition
                                                                                          earnings.
                                                                                            earnings.
  of promised performance obligations and the price of the contract increases by an amount of consideration that reflects its
Cost
  Cost ofofhedging
  stand-alonehedging
                   selling prices. When the contract is not accounted for as a separate contract, the Company recognizes an
  retrospective
The
  The   Companyhas
      Company       adjustment
                      has   elected
                          elected     to revenue
                                      toto accounton
                                          account        forthe
                                                       for        existing
                                                            forward
                                                              forward       contract
                                                                       element
                                                                         element  and as at
                                                                                    andforeignthe date
                                                                                         foreign        of the
                                                                                                   currency
                                                                                                 currency        contract
                                                                                                               basis
                                                                                                             basis  spread  modification
                                                                                                                     spreadofof    forwardor, if
                                                                                                                                 forward               remaining
                                                                                                                                                  the and
                                                                                                                                          contracts
                                                                                                                                            contracts    andcross-
                                                                                                                                                              cross-
currency      and
  productsswaps
  currency           services
              swapsasas     costs
                          costs   are
                                   ofofdistinct
                                       hedging.    performance
                                         hedging.InInsuch   suchcases,obligations,
                                                                    cases,the             Company
                                                                                     the costs
                                                                            thedeferred
                                                                                 deferred    costs     recognizes
                                                                                                    (gains)of
                                                                                                  (gains)        hedging,
                                                                                                             ofhedging,   remaining
                                                                                                                     the net netof      consideration
                                                                                                                                 ofapplicable
                                                                                                                                    applicable  income
                                                                                                                                                  incometaxes,
                                                                                                                                                           taxes,are
                                                                                                                                                                   are
  prospectively.
recognized
  recognized    asasa aseparate
                         separatecomponent
                                       componentofofthe      theaccumulated
                                                                   accumulatedotherothercomprehensive
                                                                                          comprehensiveincome incomeandandreclassified
                                                                                                                              reclassifiedininthe
                                                                                                                                                theconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                     consolidated
statements
  statements
  Revenue isofof   earnings
                     earningswhen
                  recognized     when
                                  whenthe the
                                          or hedged
                                               hedged
                                              as          item
                                                             itemisisderecognized.
                                                   the Company         derecognized.
                                                                        satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promise of good or
  service to the customer and are measured at the amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive,
EMPLOYEE
  EMPLOYEE       BENEFITS
                   BENEFITS
  including variable      consideration, such as, performance-based consideration, discounts, volume rebates and service-level
  penalties.
The
  The   Company
      Company  Variable
                    operatesconsideration
                     operatesboth bothdefined      estimated
                                               is benefit
                                         defined      benefitand   and is
                                                                 and   defined
                                                                     definedincluded    only to the extent
                                                                                contribution
                                                                                   contribution post-employment
                                                                                                  post-employment it is highly  probable
                                                                                                                           benefit
                                                                                                                            benefit plans.
                                                                                                                                      plans.that a significant
  adjustment to revenue recognized will not occur. In making this judgement, management will consider all information available
The
  Thecost
        costofofdefined
                 definedcontribution
                             contributionplansplansisischarged
                                                           chargedtotothe  theconsolidated
                                                                                consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                 statementsofofearningsearningsononthe thebasis
                                                                                                                                            basisofofcontributions
                                                                                                                                                       contributions
  at the time (historical, current and forecasted), the Company’s knowledge of the client or the industry, the type of services to be
payable
  payablebybythe theCompany
                       Companyduringduringthe theyear.
                                                     year.
  delivered and the specific contractual terms of each arrangement.
For
  Fordefined
       definedbenefit
                  benefitplans,
                            plans,the
                                    thedefined
                                           definedbenefit
                                                       benefitobligations
                                                                  obligationsare  arecalculated
                                                                                       calculatedbybyindependent
                                                                                                           independentactuaries
                                                                                                                            actuariesusing
                                                                                                                                         usingthetheprojected
                                                                                                                                                       projectedunit unit
  Revenue from sales of third party vendor's products, such as software licenses, hardware or services is recorded on a gross
credit
  creditmethod.
         method.The   Theretirement
                            retirementbenefits
                                           benefitsobligations
                                                        obligationsininthe  theconsolidated
                                                                                  consolidatedbalance
                                                                                                  balancesheets sheetsrepresent
                                                                                                                          representthe thepresent
                                                                                                                                            presentvalue
                                                                                                                                                       valueofofthethe
  basis when the Company is a principal to the transaction and is recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent
defined
  definedbenefit
            benefitobligations
                       obligationsasasreduced
                                           reducedbybythe    thefair
                                                                  fairvalue
                                                                       valueofofplanplanassets
                                                                                         assetsonona aplan  planbybyplan
                                                                                                                       planbasis.
                                                                                                                            basis.TheTheretirement
                                                                                                                                           retirementbenefits
                                                                                                                                                         benefitsassets
                                                                                                                                                                      assets
  between the client and vendor. To determine whether the Company is a principal or an agent, it evaluates whether control is
are
  arerecognized
       recognizedtotothe  theextent
                               extentthat
                                        thatthetheCompany
                                                      Companycan     canbenefit
                                                                          benefitfromfromrefunds
                                                                                           refundsorora areduction
                                                                                                              reductionininfuture
                                                                                                                              futurecontributions.
                                                                                                                                       contributions.Retirement
                                                                                                                                                         Retirement
  obtained of the products or services before they are transferred to the client. This is often demonstrated when the Company
benefits
  benefitsplans
             plansthat
                     thatare
                           arefunded
                                fundedbybythe   thepayment
                                                      paymentofofinsurance
                                                                       insurancepremiums
                                                                                      premiumsare  aretreated
                                                                                                         treatedasasdefined
                                                                                                                         definedcontribution
                                                                                                                                   contributionplansplansunless
                                                                                                                                                           unlessthe  the
  provides significant integration of the products and services from a third party vendor into the Company's products and
Company
  Companyhas   hasananobligation
                          obligationeither
                                       eithertotopay  paythethebenefits
                                                                 benefitsdirectly
                                                                             directlywhen
                                                                                        whenthey
                                                                                              theyfall falldue
                                                                                                             dueorortotopay
                                                                                                                          payfurther
                                                                                                                               furtheramounts
                                                                                                                                        amountsif ifassets
                                                                                                                                                       assets
  services delivered to the client. Other factors considered include whether the Company has the primary responsibility for
accumulated
  accumulatedwith   withthe
                          theinsurer
                               insurerdodonot notcover
                                                     coverallallfuture
                                                                  futureemployee
                                                                           employeebenefits.
                                                                                         benefits.InInsuch
                                                                                                         suchcircumstances,
                                                                                                                  circumstances,the   theplan
                                                                                                                                           planisistreated
                                                                                                                                                     treatedasasa adefined
                                                                                                                                                                       defined
  providing the product or service, has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a client, or
benefit
  benefitplan.
           plan.
  after transfer of control to a client, and has discretion establishing the selling price.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
                policiesarearetreated
                                treatedasasplanplanassets
                                                       assetsofofa adefined
                                                                        definedbenefit
                                                                                    benefitplan
                                                                                            planif ifthe
                                                                                                       theproceeds
                                                                                                             proceedsofofthe thepolicy:
                                                                                                                                  policy:
  Relative stand-alone selling price
      - - CanCanonlyonlybebeused
                               usedtotofund
                                          fundemployee
                                                  employeebenefits;
                                                                  benefits;
  The Company’s arrangements often include a mix of the services and products as described below. If an arrangement involves
  the- -
       provision
           Are
             Are otnotmultiple
                    of available  performance
                         availabletotothethe Company’s
                                              Company’sobligations,     the and
                                                               creditors;
                                                                 creditors;  total
                                                                               andarrangement value is allocated to each performance obligations
  based on its relative stand-alone selling price. When estimating the stand-alone selling price of each performance obligations,
      - - Either
             Eithercannot
                       cannotbebepaid
                                    paidtotothe theCompany
                                                      Companyunless  unlessthe theproceeds
                                                                                     proceedsrepresent
                                                                                                representsurplus surplusassets
                                                                                                                           assetsnotnotneeded
                                                                                                                                         neededtotomeet meetallallthe
                                                                                                                                                                    the
  the Company maximizes the use of observable prices which are established using the Company’s prices for same or similar
           benefit
             benefit  obligations
                        obligations  ororarearea areimbursement
                                                     reimbursement         for
                                                                         for  benefits
                                                                                benefits already
                                                                                          already  paidpaid bybythetheCompany.
                                                                                                                        Company.
  deliverables. When observable prices are not available, the Company estimates stand-alone selling prices based on its best
  estimate.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
                policiesthat
                           thatdodonot
                                     notmeet
                                           meetthe  theabove
                                                         abovecriteria
                                                                   criteriaarearetreated
                                                                                   treatedasasnon-current
                                                                                                non-currentinvestments
                                                                                                                    investmentsand andareareheld
                                                                                                                                              heldatatfair
                                                                                                                                                        fairvalue
                                                                                                                                                             valueasaslong-
                                                                                                                                                                          long-
term
  termfinancial
        financialassets
                  assetsininthe
                              theconsolidated
                                  consolidatedbalance
                                               balancesheets.
                                                       sheets.




CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                  the
                                                    the years
                                                      years ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,
                                                                              30,
                                                                                2024
                                                                                  2024
                                                                                     and
                                                                                       and
                                                                                         2023
                                                                                           2023                                                                                     2212
                                                                                                                                                                                      22
                                                                                                                                             FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 83

Notes
Notesto
      tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2024
                                          2024and
                                                and2023
                                                    2023
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)

DERIVATIVE
 DERIVATIVEFINANCIAL
 REVENUE  RECOGNITION,
            FINANCIAL WORK
                     INSTRUMENTS
                       INSTRUMENTS
                              IN PROGRESS
                                   AND
                                    ANDHEDGING
                                        HEDGING
                                          AND DEFERRED
                                               TRANSACTIONS
                                                TRANSACTIONS
                                                       REVENUE
                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                             (CONTINUED)
                                                                (CONTINUED)
Hedges
 Relative
 Hedges ofofnet
          stand-alone
             netinvestments
                  investments
                        selling
                              ininprice
                                  foreign
                                    foreign
                                        (continued)
                                          operations
                                            operations
The
  The best
      Company
       Company
            estimate
                  may
                    mayofuse
                           use
                             the
                               cross-currency
                                 cross-currency
                                  stand-alone      selling
                                                    swaps
                                                      swaps price
                                                             and
                                                               andis
                                                                   foreign
                                                                      foreign
                                                                        the  price
                                                                              currency
                                                                                currency
                                                                                    at which the
                                                                                          denominated
                                                                                            denominated
                                                                                                     Company
                                                                                                           long-term
                                                                                                             long-term
                                                                                                                  woulddebtnormally
                                                                                                                            debt
                                                                                                                               totohedge
                                                                                                                                     hedge
                                                                                                                                      expect to
                                                                                                                                            portions
                                                                                                                                              portions
                                                                                                                                                  offer
                                                                                                                                                      ofof
                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                          the
                                                                                                                                                            the
Company’s
  Company’s
  services  ornet
                products
                netinvestments
                     investments
                             and isininitsits
                                     established
                                            U.S.
                                               U.S.and
                                                     and
                                                      byEuropean
                                                          considering a
                                                           European     operations.
                                                                          operations.
                                                                              number of  Foreign
                                                                                       Foreign
                                                                                            internal
                                                                                                  exchange
                                                                                                    exchange
                                                                                                      and  external
                                                                                                               translation
                                                                                                                 translation
                                                                                                                        factors
                                                                                                                              gains
                                                                                                                               gainsor
                                                                                                                                 including,
                                                                                                                                       orlosses
                                                                                                                                           losses
                                                                                                                                              buton
                                                                                                                                                  not
                                                                                                                                                   onhelimited
                                                                                                                                                       the net
                                                                                                                                                             net to,
investments
  geographies,
  investments  and
                 and
                  thethethe
                         Company’s
                           effective
                             effectiveportions
                                       pricing
                                        portionsofof
                                                  policies,
                                                      gains
                                                        gainsoror
                                                              internal
                                                                 losses
                                                                    losses  onon and
                                                                          costs instruments
                                                                                  instruments
                                                                                       margins. hedging
                                                                                                  hedging
                                                                                                   Additionally,
                                                                                                          the
                                                                                                            thenetnet
                                                                                                                   in certain
                                                                                                                     investments
                                                                                                                        investmentsare
                                                                                                                                circumstances,
                                                                                                                                       are recorded
                                                                                                                                             recorded
                                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                                      ininother
                                                                                                                                                         Company
                                                                                                                                                            other
comprehensive
  comprehensive
  may  apply   the income.
                    residual
                      income.Gains
                                approach
                                 Gains  ororlosses
                                              when
                                               lossesrelating
                                                      estimating
                                                       relating totothe
                                                                     the   stand-alone
                                                                       theineffective
                                                                            ineffectiveportion
                                                                                          portion
                                                                                           sellingare
                                                                                                   are
                                                                                                    price of
                                                                                                      recognized
                                                                                                        recognized
                                                                                                             software ininlicense
                                                                                                                          consolidated
                                                                                                                           consolidated
                                                                                                                                    products,
                                                                                                                                          statements
                                                                                                                                            statements
                                                                                                                                                for  which
                                                                                                                                                         ofofthe
earnings.
  Company
  earnings. When
             Whenot
              has   thetheyet
                          hedged
                            hedged
                              established
                                    net
                                      net the
                                          investment
                                            investment     is has
                                                    priceisor
                                                            disposed
                                                               disposed
                                                                     not of,of,the
                                                                           previously
                                                                                 therelevant
                                                                                      relevant
                                                                                        sold on a
                                                                                               amount
                                                                                                 amountinin
                                                                                                     stand-alone
                                                                                                            other
                                                                                                              other basis.
                                                                                                                    comprehensive
                                                                                                                      comprehensiveincome  incomeisistransferred
                                                                                                                                                       transferred
totoearnings
     earningsasaspart
                    partofofthe
                              thegain
                                   gainororloss
                                              lossonondisposal.
                                                        disposal.
  As an incentive, upon client contract signature, the Company may provide discounts. These incentives are considered in the
Cash
  Cash flow
         flowof
  allocation hedges
                hedgesof
                 the       ofuture
                       relativefuturerevenue
                                        revenueand
                                 stand-alone         and price
                                                  sellinglong-term
                                                           long-term
                                                                   of thedebt
                                                                            debt
                                                                             performance obligations.
The
  Themajority
        appropriate
        majority  ofofthe
                        the
                          revenue
                            Company’s
                               Company’s recognition
                                               revenue
                                                 revenueandmethod
                                                                andcosts
                                                                       costsare
                                                                        is applied   denominated
                                                                                   denominated
                                                                               are for    each inina
                                                                                                  performance
                                                                                                           acurrency
                                                                                                             currency obligation
                                                                                                                          other
                                                                                                                            otherthan
                                                                                                                                    thanthe
                                                                                                                                     as  described
                                                                                                                                            theCanadian
                                                                                                                                                  Canadian
                                                                                                                                                        below.
                                                                                                                                                            dollar.
                                                                                                                                                               dollar.The
                                                                                                                                                                        Therisk
                                                                                                                                                                             riskofof
foreign
  foreignexchange
             exchangefluctuations
                             fluctuationsimpacting
                                               impactingthe      theresults
                                                                      resultsisissubstantially
                                                                                    substantiallymitigated
                                                                                                      mitigatedbybymatching
                                                                                                                         matchingthe   theCompany’s
                                                                                                                                             Company’scosts costswithwithrevenue
                                                                                                                                                                           revenue
  Managed IT and business process services
denominated
  denominatedininthe     thesamesamecurrency.
                                          currency.InIncertaincertaincases
                                                                         caseswhere
                                                                                  wherethere
                                                                                           thereisisa asubstantial
                                                                                                         substantialimbalance
                                                                                                                           imbalancefor   fora aspecific
                                                                                                                                                  specificcurrency,
                                                                                                                                                            currency,the the
  Companyenters
Company
  Revenue       entersinto
               from        into
                       managed    foreign
                                foreign     currency
                                        IT andcurrency
                                                  business forward
                                                              forward   contracts
                                                                  process contracts  totohedge
                                                                               services   hedgethe   thevariability
                                                                                           arrangements   variability
                                                                                                                is in    inthe
                                                                                                                   generally      foreign
                                                                                                                             theforeign      currency
                                                                                                                                           currency
                                                                                                                                  recognized             exchange
                                                                                                                                                       exchange
                                                                                                                                                   over time           rates.
                                                                                                                                                                     rates.
                                                                                                                                                                as the   services are
  provided at the contractual billings, which corresponds with the value provided to the client, unless there is a better measure of
The
  TheCompany
        Companyalso    alsouses usesinterest
                                        interestraterateand andcross-currency
                                                                   cross-currencyswaps   swapstotohedge
                                                                                                      hedgeeithereitherthethecash
                                                                                                                               cashflowflowexposure
                                                                                                                                              exposureororthe  theforeign
                                                                                                                                                                    foreign
  performance or delivery.
exchange
  exchangeexposure
                exposureofofthe     thelong-term
                                           long-termdebt.  debt.
  Business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services
The
  Theeffective
        effectiveportion
                    portionofofthe   thechange
                                            changeininfair  fairvalue
                                                                  valueofofthe thederivative
                                                                                    derivativefinancial
                                                                                                  financialinstruments
                                                                                                               instrumentsisisrecognized
                                                                                                                                     recognizedininotherothercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                                                 comprehensive
  income
income
  Revenue andand the
               from      ineffective
                       ineffective
                   thebusiness           portion,
                                       and portion,  if ifany,
                                             strategic     any,
                                                             ITininthethe
                                                                 consulting consolidated
                                                                          consolidated
                                                                                and    systemsstatements
                                                                                            statements              servicesThe
                                                                                                            ofofearnings.
                                                                                                   integration     earnings.     The
                                                                                                                                 undereffective
                                                                                                                                       effective
                                                                                                                                          time       portion
                                                                                                                                                   portion
                                                                                                                                                  and                               fair
                                                                                                                                                                       changeininfair
                                                                                                                                                                  thechange
                                                                                                                                                            ofofthe
                                                                                                                                                       material    arrangements       is
  value
value   ofofthe
  recognized  thederivatives
                   derivatives
                  over    time as  isisreclassified
                                       thereclassified
                                             servicesout    outofrendered,
                                                            are    ofother
                                                                       othercomprehensive
                                                                               comprehensive
                                                                                 and revenue income  income
                                                                                                   under      into
                                                                                                                 intothe
                                                                                                            cost-based       consolidated
                                                                                                                       theconsolidated
                                                                                                                              arrangements      statements
                                                                                                                                              statements           earnings
                                                                                                                                                             ofofearnings
                                                                                                                                                   is recognized               when
                                                                                                                                                                             when
                                                                                                                                                                     over time    as
the
  thehedged
       hedgeditem
  reimbursable    itemis
                     costsis are
                            recognized
                               recognized
                                     incurred.ininthe
                                                    the   consolidated
                                                           consolidated
                                                    Contractual              statements
                                                                               statements
                                                                        billings of   such ofof  earnings.
                                                                                                  earnings. correspond with the value provided to the client,
                                                                                             arrangements
  and therefore revenues are generally recognized when amounts become billable.
Cost
  Costofofhedging
              hedging
  Revenue from business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements is
The
  TheCompany
        Companyhas     haselected
                               electedtotoaccount
                                              accountfor     forforward
                                                                  forwardelement
                                                                              elementand  andforeign
                                                                                                foreigncurrency
                                                                                                           currencybasis basisspread
                                                                                                                                 spreadofofforward
                                                                                                                                                forwardcontracts
                                                                                                                                                          contractsand  andcross-
                                                                                                                                                                             cross-
  recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over time, as the Company has no alternative use for the asset
currency
  currencyswapsswapsasascosts  costsofofhedging.
                                            hedging.InInsuch    suchcases,
                                                                        cases,the thedeferred
                                                                                       deferredcostscosts(gains)
                                                                                                            (gains)ofofhedging,
                                                                                                                            hedging,net  netofofapplicable
                                                                                                                                                  applicableincome
                                                                                                                                                                incometaxes,
                                                                                                                                                                          taxes,areare
  created and has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The Company primarily uses labour costs
recognized
  recognizedasasa aseparate
                          separatecomponent
                                          componentofofthe       theaccumulated
                                                                      accumulatedother   othercomprehensive
                                                                                                 comprehensiveincome    incomeand   andreclassified
                                                                                                                                           reclassifiedininthetheconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                                   consolidated
  to measure the progress towards completion. This method relies on estimates of total expected labour costs, which are
statements
  statementsofofearnings
                      earningswhen   whenthe  thehedged
                                                    hedgeditem    itemisisderecognized.
                                                                             derecognized.
  compared to labour costs incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the progress to completion which determines the
  percentage of revenue earned to date. Factors considered in the estimates include: changes in scope of the contracts, delays
EMPLOYEE
  EMPLOYEEBENEFITS  BENEFITS
  in reaching milestones, complexities in project delivery, availability and retention of qualified IT professionals and/or the ability
  The
The
  of  Company
     theCompany     operates
                       operates
          subcontractors          toboth
                                       both defined
                                       performdefined
                                                   their  benefit
                                                            benefit  and
                                                            obligation andwithin
                                                                            defined
                                                                              defined    contribution
                                                                                      contribution
                                                                                     agreed               post-employment
                                                                                                        post-employment
                                                                                               upon budget         and                          plans.
                                                                                                                                    benefitplans.
                                                                                                                                   benefit
                                                                                                                         timeframes.        Management regularly reviews
  underlying
The
  Thecost        estimates
        costofofdefined           of
                  definedcontribution total  expected
                                contributionplans             labour
                                                   plansisischarged      costs.
                                                                 chargedtotothe  theconsolidated
                                                                                      consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                         statementsofofearnings
                                                                                                                              earningsononthe    thebasis
                                                                                                                                                      basisofofcontributions
                                                                                                                                                                 contributions
payable
 payablebybythe
 Software     theCompany
                  Company
            licenses and during
                          duringthe
                                  theyear.
                                      year.
                         Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)
  For
For
  CGIdefined
       definedits
        offers benefit
                benefit   plans,
                             plans,the
                   intellectual       the    defined
                                          defined
                                    property          benefit
                                                   (IP) benefit obligations
                                                        solutions asobligations
                                                                            well asare
                                                                                     are   calculated
                                                                                            calculated
                                                                                         third  party byby     independent
                                                                                                        solutions independent
                                                                                                                        in  the form actuaries
                                                                                                                                   actuaries
                                                                                                                                         of       usingthe
                                                                                                                                                using
                                                                                                                                            software       the
                                                                                                                                                        license   projected
                                                                                                                                                               projected      unit
                                                                                                                                                                            unit
                                                                                                                                                                    arrangements.
  creditof
credit
  Most  method.
         method.
            theseThe  The retirement
                             retirementinclude
                    arrangements              benefits
                                           benefits    obligations
                                                         obligations
                                                      other   services         the as
                                                                         ininthe
                                                                             such consolidated
                                                                                    consolidated      balance
                                                                                                         balancesheets
                                                                                           implementation,             sheets             andthe
                                                                                                                                  represent
                                                                                                                                represent
                                                                                                                    customization                    presentvalue
                                                                                                                                                thepresent
                                                                                                                                               maintenance.         Forofof
                                                                                                                                                                  value    the
                                                                                                                                                                             the types
                                                                                                                                                                         these
  defined
defined   benefit
            benefitobligations
  of arrangements,    obligations
                          revenueas     asreduced
                                       from  reduced   bybythe
                                               a software    thefairfairvalue
                                                              license,    value
                                                                             whenofofplan
                                                                                        planassets
                                                                                               assets
                                                                                      identified    asona          planbybyplan
                                                                                                               aplan
                                                                                                         onaperformance       plan   basis.The
                                                                                                                                   basis.
                                                                                                                                 obligation,    isretirement
                                                                                                                                              The   retirementbenefits
                                                                                                                                                   recognized       benefits assets
                                                                                                                                                                    at a point assets
                                                                                                                                                                                 in time
  are
are  recognized
       recognized   totothetheextent
  upon delivery. Otherwise when extent  that
                                           thatthe
                                                 the Company
                                                       Company      can
                                                                      can  benefit
                                                                             benefit   from
                                                                                          fromrefunds
                                                                                                refunds     orora areduction
                                                                                                                     reduction   ininfuture
                                                                                                                                       future
                                                     software is significantly customized, integrated or modified, it is combined with the    contributions.
                                                                                                                                                contributions.     Retirement
                                                                                                                                                                    Retirement
  benefits
benefits   plans
             plansthat
  implementation     thatare
                       and  are  fundedbybythe
                               funded
                              customization       thepayment
                                                       payment
                                                    services    and     isinsurance
                                                                   ofofinsurance
                                                                            accounted   premiums
                                                                                           premiums    are
                                                                                                         aretreated
                                                                                             for as described          in as
                                                                                                                 treated                     contribution
                                                                                                                                 definedcontribution
                                                                                                                             asdefined
                                                                                                                           the  business      and strategic  plans
                                                                                                                                                           plans      unlessthe
                                                                                                                                                                  ITunless
                                                                                                                                                                     consultingtheand
Company
  Company    has
               hasan anobligation
                          obligation   either
                                          either totopay
                                                       paythe
                                                            thebenefits
                                                                   benefits   directly
                                                                                directly     when
                                                                                           when    they
                                                                                                     they   fall
                                                                                                              fall
                                                                                                                 duedue
  systems integration services section above. Revenue from maintenance services for software licenses old is recognized orortoto
                                                                                                                               pay
                                                                                                                                 pay  further
                                                                                                                                        furtheramounts
                                                                                                                                                 amounts    if if
                                                                                                                                                                assets
                                                                                                                                                                  assets
  accumulated
  straight-line with
accumulated        withthe
                 over     theinsurer
                         the    insurer
                               term   ofdo   donot
                                           the   notcover
                                                      coverallallfuture
                                                 maintenance        future
                                                                     period.employee          benefits.InInsuch
                                                                              employeebenefits.                          circumstances,the
                                                                                                                 suchcircumstances,                 planisistreated
                                                                                                                                               theplan         treatedasasa adefined
                                                                                                                                                                                defined
benefit
  benefitplan.
           plan.
  CGI also provides its IP solutions in the form of SaaS where the customer cannot terminate the hosting contract and take
  Insurance
Insurance
  possession policies
               policies
                of   theare aretreated
                                 treatedas
                           software     without         assetsofofa a
                                                  planassets
                                              asplan significant        defined
                                                                           defined
                                                                     penalty.       benefit
                                                                                 SaaS   benefit
                                                                                            areplan
                                                                                                 part         theproceeds
                                                                                                  planifofifthe
                                                                                                             the    proceedsofIT
                                                                                                                   managed                  policy:
                                                                                                                                      thepolicy:
                                                                                                                                  ofthe
                                                                                                                                     and    business process services offering
  where   revenue
      - - CanCanonly  is  generally
                   onlybebeused          recognized
                                usedtotofund fundemployee over    time
                                                    employeebenefits;     as
                                                                    benefits; the   services      are  provided.        Transition     activities   to bring clients to the SaaS
  platforms, including hosting set-up and customization, that are not considered distinct performance obligations are capitalized
  as -transition
        - AreArenot
                  notavailable
                 costs   available  totothe
                            and amortized   theCompany’s
                                                 Company’s     creditors;
                                                  over the service creditors;   and
                                                                                  and
                                                                            period.
       --   Either
             Eithercannot
                    cannotbebepaid
                                paidtotothe
                                          theCompany
                                              Companyunless
                                                       unlessthetheproceeds
                                                                    proceedsrepresent
                                                                               representsurplus
                                                                                           surplusassets
                                                                                                   assetsnot
                                                                                                          notneeded
                                                                                                              neededtotomeet
                                                                                                                         meetallallthe
                                                                                                                                     the
            benefit
             benefitobligations
                     obligationsororare
                                     area areimbursement
                                             reimbursementfor
                                                            forbenefits
                                                                 benefitsalready
                                                                          alreadypaid
                                                                                  paidbybythe
                                                                                            theCompany.
                                                                                                Company.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
             policiesthat
                       thatdodonot
                                 notmeet
                                     meetthe
                                           theabove
                                               abovecriteria
                                                      criteriaare
                                                               aretreated
                                                                    treatedasasnon-current
                                                                                non-currentinvestments
                                                                                             investmentsand
                                                                                                         andare
                                                                                                             areheld
                                                                                                                 heldatatfair
                                                                                                                           fairvalue
                                                                                                                                valueasaslong-
                                                                                                                                           long-
term
  termfinancial
        financialassets
                  assetsininthe
                              theconsolidated
                                  consolidatedbalance
                                                balancesheets.
                                                          sheets.




CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                  the
                                                    the years
                                                      years ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,
                                                                              30,
                                                                                2024
                                                                                  2024
                                                                                     and
                                                                                       and
                                                                                         2023
                                                                                           2023                                                                                   2213
                                                                                                                                                                                    22
  84 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notesto
Notes tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
  Forthe
For    theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2024
                                          2024and
                                                and2023
                                                    2023
  (tabularamounts
(tabular    amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)
 REVENUE
DERIVATIVERECOGNITION,
            FINANCIAL WORK
 DERIVATIVEFINANCIAL          IN
                     INSTRUMENTS PROGRESS
                       INSTRUMENTS AND    AND DEFERRED
                                    ANDHEDGING
                                        HEDGING        REVENUE
                                               TRANSACTIONS
                                                TRANSACTIONS    (CONTINUED)
                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                             (CONTINUED)
 Work
Hedgesinofofnet
 Hedges   progress
             net     and deferred
                investments
                  investments        revenue
                             ininforeign
                                   foreign
                                         operations
                                           operations
  Amounts
The         recognized
       Company
  TheCompany    may mayuse   as
                           use   revenue in excess
                                 cross-currency
                               cross-currency      swaps
                                                 swaps    billings
                                                       ofand      foreign
                                                           andforeign    classified
                                                                     are currency   as  work in progress.
                                                                           currencydenominated
                                                                                     denominated   long-term Amounts
                                                                                                     long-term   debt    received
                                                                                                                  debttoto
                                                                                                                         hedge       in advance
                                                                                                                           hedgeportions
                                                                                                                                    portionsofoftheof the
                                                                                                                                                  the
  performance
Company’s
  Company’snet   of  services     or delivery of products
                                                  andEuropean
                                            U.S.and
                     investmentsininitsitsU.S.
               netinvestments                                are   classified  as deferred
                                                                     operations.Foreign
                                                       Europeanoperations.                  revenue.
                                                                                            exchangetranslation
                                                                                   Foreignexchange     Work    in progress
                                                                                                        translationgains    and    deferred
                                                                                                                      gainsororlosses              net are
                                                                                                                                             revenue
                                                                                                                                 lossesononthe
                                                                                                                                             thenet
  presented
investments
  investmentsnet
              and
                andon   thecontract
                     thea             by-contract
                            effectiveportions
                           effective               basis.
                                                    gainsoror
                                       portionsofofgains   During
                                                                losses
                                                              losses the  year
                                                                       onon     ended
                                                                           instruments  September
                                                                             instrumentshedging
                                                                                          hedgingthe 30,
                                                                                                    the  2024, the
                                                                                                       net
                                                                                                         net
                                                                                                           investmentsrevenues
                                                                                                              investments  are     recognized
                                                                                                                             arerecorded
                                                                                                                                   recorded       otherthe
                                                                                                                                                 from
                                                                                                                                            ininother
  short-term
comprehensivedeferred
  comprehensive            revenue
                      income.
                   income.     Gains  was
                                 Gainsor or not significantly
                                            lossesrelating
                                          losses                different
                                                    relatingtotothe    ineffective
                                                                     ineffective
                                                                   the     than what   wasare
                                                                                  portion
                                                                                   portion presented
                                                                                           arerecognizedas at
                                                                                                recognized  ininSeptember
                                                                                                                consolidated 30, 2023.
                                                                                                                  consolidated  statements
                                                                                                                                  statementsofof
earnings.
  earnings.When
            Whenthethehedged
                        hedgednet netinvestment
                                        investmentisisdisposed
                                                       disposedof,of,the
                                                                       therelevant
                                                                            relevantamount
                                                                                     amountininother
                                                                                                othercomprehensive
                                                                                                      comprehensiveincome
                                                                                                                     incomeisistransferred
                                                                                                                                 transferred
  CASH
toto     AND
   earnings
     earnings  CASH
            asaspart   EQUIVALENTS
                 partofofthe
                           thegain
                               gainororloss
                                         lossonondisposal.
                                                  disposal.
  Cash
Cash    and
  Cashflow  cash
        flowhedges
              hedges equivalents
                          ofofuture
                               futureconsist
                                      revenue
                                        revenueof and
                                                  unrestricted
                                                    andlong-term  cash
                                                          long-term     and short-term investments having a maturity of three months or less
                                                                      debt
                                                                       debt
  from the date of purchase.
The
  Themajority
       majorityofofthe
                     theCompany’s
                           Company’srevenue
                                          revenueand andcosts
                                                           costsare
                                                                  aredenominated
                                                                       denominatedinina acurrency
                                                                                            currencyother otherthan
                                                                                                                  thanthetheCanadian
                                                                                                                               Canadiandollar.
                                                                                                                                           dollar.The
                                                                                                                                                   Therisk
                                                                                                                                                         riskofof
foreign
  foreign
        exchange
          exchange     fluctuations
  SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS fluctuations impacting
                                        impacting   the
                                                      theresults
                                                           results
                                                                 isis
                                                                    substantially
                                                                      substantially mitigated
                                                                                      mitigated byby matching
                                                                                                       matching    the
                                                                                                                     theCompany’s
                                                                                                                          Company’s     costs
                                                                                                                                         costs with
                                                                                                                                                 with
                                                                                                                                                    revenue
                                                                                                                                                      revenue
denominated
  denominatedininthe  thesame
                            samecurrency.
                                   currency.InIncertain
                                                   certaincases
                                                             caseswhere
                                                                    wherethere
                                                                            thereisisa asubstantial
                                                                                         substantialimbalance
                                                                                                         imbalancefor   fora aspecific
                                                                                                                               specificcurrency,
                                                                                                                                         currency,thethe
  Short-term investments, comprise generally of term deposits, have remaining maturities over three months, but not more than
Company
  Companyenters
            entersinto  intoforeign
                              foreigncurrency
                                       currencyforward
                                                   forwardcontracts
                                                              contractstotohedge
                                                                            hedgethe thevariability
                                                                                          variabilityininthe
                                                                                                           theforeign
                                                                                                                foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                           currencyexchange
                                                                                                                                       exchangerates.
                                                                                                                                                   rates.
  one year, at the date of purchase.
The
  TheCompany
       Companyalso  alsouses
                           usesinterest
                                  interestrate
                                            rateand
                                                  andcross-currency
                                                        cross-currencyswapsswapstotohedge
                                                                                       hedgeeither
                                                                                               eitherthethecash
                                                                                                             cashflowflowexposure
                                                                                                                            exposureororthetheforeign
                                                                                                                                                foreign
exchange
  exchange
  FUNDS    exposure
             exposure
           HELD     FORofofthe  the
                                  long-term
                             CLIENTSlong-term
                                         ANDdebt.debt.
                                                CLIENTS’ FUNDS OBLIGATIONS
  In
The
  Theconnection
      effective      with the
                    portion
        effectiveportion          Company’s
                             ofofthe    changein
                                   thechange     payroll,      value
                                                        fairvalue
                                                    infair      tax filing  the
                                                                      ofoftheand  claims services,
                                                                               derivative
                                                                                 erivative  financial   the  Company
                                                                                              financialinstruments
                                                                                                         instruments       collects
                                                                                                                       isisrecognized
                                                                                                                              recognizedfunds   for payment
                                                                                                                                            ininother
                                                                                                                                                 other           of payroll,
                                                                                                                                                      comprehensive
                                                                                                                                                         comprehensive
  taxes   and
  incomeand
income          claims,
             andthe        temporarily     holds     such      funds
                                                       any,ininthe
                                       portion,if ifany,
                        ineffectiveportion,
                   theineffective                                       until  payment    is
                                                                        consolidatedstatements
                                                                   theconsolidated            due,  remits  the
                                                                                                            earnings.The
                                                                                         statementsofofearnings. funds   to    the  clients’  employees,
                                                                                                                                 effectiveportion
                                                                                                                         Theeffective        portionofofthe   appropriate
                                                                                                                                                           thechange
                                                                                                                                                               changeininfairtax
                                                                                                                                                                            fair
  authorities
value
  value       theor
        ofofthe      claims   holders,
                   derivativesisis
                 derivatives              files
                                    reclassifiedtaxout
                                      reclassified      returns
                                                        outof        and handles
                                                                ofother
                                                                    othercomprehensive          regulatory
                                                                                      relatedincome
                                                                            comprehensive        income into  correspondence
                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                          intothe    consolidated
                                                                                                                   consolidated       and   amendments.
                                                                                                                                       statements
                                                                                                                                         statements            The funds
                                                                                                                                                      ofofearnings
                                                                                                                                                            earnings when
                                                                                                                                                                       when
  held
the
  the   for
     hedged
       hedgedclients
                item   include
                  itemisis                short-term
                                  cash, ininthe
                          recognized
                            recognized                       investments
                                               theconsolidated
                                                       consolidated            and
                                                                          statementslong-term
                                                                            statementsof           bonds. The Company presents the funds held for clients
                                                                                           ofearnings.
                                                                                               earnings.
  and related obligations separately. Funds held for clients are classified as current assets since these funds are held solely for
Cost
  Cost ofofhedging
  the purpose hedging
                   of satisfying the clients’ funds obligations, which will be repaid within one year of the consolidated balance sheet
  date. The
The
  The   Company
      Company   market
                    has   fluctuations
                            elected
                      haselected           affect
                                     totoaccount
                                          account    the
                                                      forforfair
                                                               forward
                                                            forwardvalue of   the
                                                                           elementand
                                                                        element   long-term
                                                                                      andforeignbonds.
                                                                                           foreign       Due to
                                                                                                    currency
                                                                                                     currency      those
                                                                                                                basis
                                                                                                                  basis     fluctuations,
                                                                                                                       spread
                                                                                                                         spreadof    offorwardfunds
                                                                                                                                         forward      held
                                                                                                                                                  contracts
                                                                                                                                                    contractsfor clients
                                                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                                                                 and     might
                                                                                                                                                                    cross-
                                                                                                                                                                      cross-
  not  equal to
currency
  currency   swaps theasas
               swaps    clients'
                          costs    funds
                            costsofof      obligations.
                                        hedging.
                                      hedging.      InInsuch
                                                           suchcases,cases,thethedeferred
                                                                                   deferredcosts
                                                                                               costs(gains)
                                                                                                      (gains)ofofhedging,
                                                                                                                    hedging,net  netofofapplicable
                                                                                                                                          applicableincome
                                                                                                                                                        incometaxes,
                                                                                                                                                                   taxes,are
                                                                                                                                                                          are
  recognized
recognized   asasa aseparate
  Interest income    separate
                     earned  component
                              component
                            and realized of
                                          ofthe
                                         gainstheaccumulated
                                                  accumulated
                                                 and  losses onother
                                                                othercomprehensive
                                                                      comprehensive
                                                                    disposal         income
                                                                                       income
                                                                             of short-term   and                         consolidated
                                                                                                                     theconsolidated
                                                                                                               ininthe
                                                                                                    reclassified
                                                                                               andreclassified
                                                                                           investments   and long-term    bonds are
statements
  statements ofof
                earnings
                  earningswhen
                            whenthe
                                  the
                                    hedged
                                      hedged item
                                               itemisis
                                                      derecognized.
                                                        derecognized.
  recorded in revenue in the period that the income is earned, as the collecting, holding and remitting of these funds are critical
 components of providing these services.
EMPLOYEE
 EMPLOYEEBENEFITS
            BENEFITS
The
 TheCompany
     CompanyPLANT
 PROPERTY,  operates
             operatesboth
                      bothdefined
                    AND    definedbenefit
                          EQUIPMENTbenefitand
                                           anddefined
                                       (PP&E)  definedcontribution
                                                       contributionpost-employment
                                                                    post-employmentbenefit
                                                                                    benefitplans.
                                                                                            plans.
 PP&E
The
 The    are
     cost
    cost     recorded
              defined at
         ofofdefined     cost  andplans
                     contribution
                      contribution are  depreciated
                                   plansisis
                                           charged   over
                                             chargedtoto   their
                                                         the
                                                       the       estimated useful
                                                             consolidated
                                                            consolidated    statements
                                                                          statements    using
                                                                                  livesofof        straight-line
                                                                                               the ononthe
                                                                                          earnings
                                                                                            earnings     thebasismethod.
                                                                                                              basisofof
                                                                                                                      contributions
                                                                                                                        contributions
payable
 payablebybythe
              theCompany
                  Companyduring
                            duringthe
                                    theyear.
                                        year.
   Buildings                                                                                                                                                         10 to 40 years
  For
For  defined
        definedbenefit
   Leasehold        benefit
                 improvementsplans,
                               plans,the   thedefined
                                                  definedbenefit
                                                             benefitobligations
                                                                        obligationsare arecalculated
                                                                                             calculatedbybyindependent            actuaries
                                                                                                                 independentactuaries           using
                                                                                                                                             using
                                                                                                                                          Lesser     the
                                                                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                                                                  of the   projected
                                                                                                                                                             projected
                                                                                                                                                          useful   life orunit
                                                                                                                                                                             unit
                                                                                                                                                                            lease term
  credit
credit   method.
           method.
   Furniture,          The
                fixtures The retirement
                           and retirement
                                 equipment     benefits
                                                  benefitsobligations
                                                              obligationsininthe       consolidatedbalance
                                                                                  theconsolidated       balancesheets           representthe
                                                                                                                      sheetsrepresent        thepresent
                                                                                                                                                  presentvaluevalueofof3thethe10 years
                                                                                                                                                                           to
defined
  defined
   Computerbenefit
              benefit  obligations
                equipmentobligationsasasreduced   reducedbybythe  thefair
                                                                        fairvalue
                                                                             valueofofplan
                                                                                         planassets
                                                                                               assetsonona aplan  planbybyplan
                                                                                                                            planbasis.
                                                                                                                                   basis.The
                                                                                                                                           Theretirement
                                                                                                                                                 retirementbenefits
                                                                                                                                                                benefits  3assets
                                                                                                                                                                             toassets
                                                                                                                                                                                 5 years
are
  arerecognized
        recognizedtotothe    theextent
                                   extentthat  thatthetheCompany
                                                            Companycan     canbenefit
                                                                                benefitfromfromrefunds
                                                                                                 refundsorora areduction
                                                                                                                    reductionininfuture
                                                                                                                                    futurecontributions.
                                                                                                                                             contributions.Retirement
                                                                                                                                                                Retirement
benefits
  benefitsplans
              plansthat thatare
                              arefunded
                                     fundedbybythe     thepayment
                                                            paymentofofinsurance
                                                                             insurancepremiums
                                                                                            premiumsare  aretreated
                                                                                                               treatedasasdefined
                                                                                                                               definedcontribution
                                                                                                                                         contributionplansplansunless
                                                                                                                                                                  unlessthe    the
  LEASES
Company
  Companyhas     hasananobligation
                             obligationeither eithertotopay paythe
                                                                 thebenefits
                                                                       benefitsdirectly
                                                                                   directlywhen
                                                                                              whenthey
                                                                                                     theyfallfalldue
                                                                                                                   dueorortotopay
                                                                                                                               payfurther
                                                                                                                                     furtheramounts
                                                                                                                                              amountsif ifassets
                                                                                                                                                              assets
  When
accumulated the Company
  accumulated          withthe
                    with            entersdodo
                                   insurer
                             theinsurer          into
                                                   not  contractual
                                                      notcover            agreements
                                                           coverallallfuture
                                                                        future  employee
                                                                               employee     with  suppliers,
                                                                                               benefits.
                                                                                             benefits.         such
                                                                                                        InInsuch   ancircumstances,
                                                                                                                        assessment isthe
                                                                                                                        circumstances,       performed
                                                                                                                                            theplan          to determine
                                                                                                                                                 planisistreated
                                                                                                                                                           treated   asasa adefinedif the
                                                                                                                                                                                defined
  contract
benefit
  benefitplan. contains
             plan.            a   lease.       The      Company        identified    lease    agreements          under    the   following    categories:      Properties,         Motor
  vehicles and others, as well as Computer equipment.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
                 policiesare  aretreated
                                    treatedasasplan    planassets
                                                             assetsofofa adefined
                                                                              definedbenefit
                                                                                         benefitplan
                                                                                                  planif ifthe
                                                                                                             theproceeds
                                                                                                                   proceedsofofthe thepolicy:
                                                                                                                                        policy:
  The Company identifies a lease if it conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a specific period in exchange
  for -a-determined
             Can
               Canonly onlybe beused
                                   usedtotofund
                            consideration.       fundAtemployee
                                                         employeebenefits;
                                                        inception,     abenefits;
                                                                          right-of-use asset for the underlying asset and corresponding lease liability are
  presented
      --     Are
               Areinnot
                      the  consolidated
                      notavailable
                            available    totothe  balance
                                                the Company’s sheetcreditors;
                                                      Company’s        measured
                                                                       creditors;  andon a present value basis except for short-term leases (expected term
                                                                                     and
  of 12 months or less) and leases with low value underlying asset for which payments are recorded as an expense on a
      --     Either
  straight-lineEither  cannot
                         cannot
                     basis   overbebe   paid
                                      the  paid
                                            leasetotothe
                                                       theCompany
                                                      term. Companyunless  unlessthe                  representsurplus
                                                                                          proceedsrepresent
                                                                                     theproceeds                      surplusassets
                                                                                                                                 assetsnotnotneeded
                                                                                                                                                neededtotomeetmeetallallthe the
             benefit
               benefitobligations
                           obligationsororare      area areimbursement
                                                           reimbursementfor      forbenefits
                                                                                      benefitsalready
                                                                                                 alreadypaid paidbybythetheCompany.
                                                                                                                              Company.
  The right-of-use assets are measured at initial lease liabilities adjusted by lease payments made before the commencement
  Insurance
Insurance      policies
  date, indirect policies   that
                        costs thatdodonot
                                and        notmeet
                                         lease    meet  the
                                                          theabove
                                                    incentives above   criteria
                                                                         criteriaare
                                                                   received.       aretreated
                                                                                 The    right-of-use  non-current
                                                                                         treatedasasnon-current
                                                                                                        assets are     investments
                                                                                                                         investments
                                                                                                                          depreciated  and onare
                                                                                                                                         and                          valueas
                                                                                                                                                               fairvalue
                                                                                                                                                    heldatatfair
                                                                                                                                                  held
                                                                                                                                               aare
                                                                                                                                                  straight-line      basis          long-
                                                                                                                                                                                aslong-
                                                                                                                                                                               over   the
term
  term financial
         financial   assets
                       assets
  expected lease term of       ininthe theconsolidated
                                             consolidated
                                             underlying asset.balance
                                                                balance     sheets.
                                                                             sheets.




 CGI
CGI      ––
      Inc.
    Inc.    Consolidated
           Consolidated   Financial
                        Financial   Statements
                                  Statements forfor the
                                                  the   years
                                                      years   ended
                                                            ended   September
                                                                  September   30,
                                                                            30,   2024
                                                                                2024   and
                                                                                     and   2023
                                                                                         2023                                                                                      2214
                                                                                                                                                                                     22
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 85

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

LEASES (CONTINUED)
Lease liabilities are measured at present value of non-cancellable payments of the expected lease term, which are mostly
made of fixed payments of rent; variable payments that are based on an index or a rate; amounts expected to be payable as
residual value guarantees and extension or termination option if reasonably certain to be exercised.
Non-lease components, mostly made of fixed maintenance fees and property tax are excluded from the lease liabilities.
Payments are recorded as an expense over the lease term as part of property costs.
The Company estimates the lease term in order to calculate the value of the lease liability at the initial date of the lease.
Management uses judgement to determine the appropriate lease term based on the conditions of each lease. Lease extension
or termination options are only considered in the lease term if it is reasonably certain of being exercised. Factors evaluated
include value of leasehold improvements required and any potential incentive to take the option.
Discount rate used in the present value calculation is the incremental borrowing rate unless the implicit interest rate in the
lease can be readily determined. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each lease or portfolio of leased
assets, as most of the implicit interest rates in the leases are not readily determinable. To calculate the incremental borrowing
rate, the Company considers its creditworthiness, the term of the arrangement, any collateral received and the economic
environment at the lease date.
The lease liabilities are subsequently adjusted by interest which is recorded as part of net finance costs as well as from lease
payments made.
Furthermore, lease liabilities are remeasured (along with the corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset), whenever
the following situations occur:
     –     a modification in the lease term or a change in the assessment of an option to extend, purchase or terminate the
           lease, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
           rate; and
     –     a modification in the residual guarantees or in future lease payments due to a change of an index or rate tied to the
           payments, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial
           discount rate determined when setting up the liability.
In addition, upon partial or full termination of a lease, the difference between the carrying amounts of the lease liability and the
right-of-use asset is recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.

CONTRACT COSTS
Contract costs are comprised primarily of transition costs incurred to implement long-term managed IT and business process
services contracts, including SaaS, as well as incentives.
Transition costs
Transition costs consist mostly of costs associated with the installation of systems and processes, conversion of the client’s
applications to the Company’s platforms incurred after the award of managed IT and business process services contracts,
including SaaS hosting set-up and customization. Transition costs are comprised essentially of labour costs consisting of
employee compensation and related fringe benefits. Labour costs also include subcontractor costs.
Incentives
Occasionally, incentives are granted to clients upon the signing of managed IT and business process services contracts.
These incentives are granted in the form of cash payments.
Amortization of contract costs
Contract costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the period services are provided. Amortization of transition
costs is included in costs of services, selling and administrative and amortization of incentives is recorded as a reduction of
revenue.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                       15
86 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

CONTRACT COSTS (CONTINUED)
Impairment of contract costs
When a contract is not expected to be profitable, the estimated loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract
costs. The excess of the expected loss over the capitalized contract costs is recorded as onerous revenue-generating
contracts in provisions. If at a future date the contract returns to profitability, the estimated losses on revenue-generating
contracts must be reversed first, and if there is still additional projected profitability then any capitalized contract costs that
were impaired must be reversed. The reversal of the impairment loss is limited so that the carrying amount does not exceed its
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no
impairment loss been recognized for the contract costs in prior years.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Intangible assets consist of software, business solutions and client relationships. Software and business solutions are
recorded at cost. Software internally developed is capitalized when it meets specific capitalization criteria related to technical
and financial feasibility and when the Company demonstrates its ability and intention to use it. Business solutions developed
internally and marketed are capitalized when they meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial
feasibility. Software, business solutions and client relationships acquired through business combinations are initially recorded
at their fair value based on the present value of expected future cash flows, which involves estimates, such as the forecasting
of future cash flows and discount rates.
Amortization of intangible assets
The Company amortizes its intangible assets using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives.

Software                                                                                                               1 to 8 years
Business solutions                                                                                                    3 to 10 years
Client relationships and backlog                                                                                       5 to 7 years


IMPAIRMENT OF PP&E, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
Timing of impairment testing
The carrying values of PP&E, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and goodwill are reviewed for impairment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Company assesses at each reporting date
whether any such events or changes in circumstances exist. The carrying values of intangible assets not available for use are
tested for impairment annually as at September 30. Goodwill is also tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of
each fiscal year.
Impairment testing
If any indication of impairment exists or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates the
recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit (CGU) to which the asset relates to determine the extent of any
impairment loss. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
use (VIU) to the Company. The Company mainly uses the VIU. In assessing the VIU, estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are
taken into account, if available. If the recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in the
consolidated statements of earnings.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                     16
                                                                                                                                             FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 87

Notes
Notesto
      tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2024
                                          2024and
                                                and2023
                                                    2023
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)

DERIVATIVE
 IMPAIRMENT OF
 DERIVATIVEFINANCIAL
            FINANCIAL
                PP&E,INSTRUMENTS
                      RIGHT-OF-USE
                       INSTRUMENTSAND
                                   ASSETS,
                                    AND
                                      HEDGING
                                        HEDGING
                                           INTANGIBLE
                                               TRANSACTIONS
                                                TRANSACTIONS
                                                      ASSETS AND
                                                             (CONTINUED)
                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                 GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
Hedges
 Impairment
 Hedgesofofnet
            netesting
               investments
                 investments
                      (continued)
                             ininforeign
                                   foreignoperations
                                           operations
The
  Goodwill
  The Company
       Company
             acquired
                 may mayusethrough
                            use  cross-currency
                                   cross-currencyswaps
                                      business        combinations
                                                          swaps   and
                                                                    and is
                                                                       foreign
                                                                          foreign   currency
                                                                                  currency
                                                                             allocated   to the CGU
                                                                                               denominated
                                                                                                 denominated
                                                                                                        or group of
                                                                                                                 long-term
                                                                                                                    long-term
                                                                                                                          CGUs    debt
                                                                                                                                   debt
                                                                                                                                     thattoto
                                                                                                                                            are
                                                                                                                                            hedge
                                                                                                                                              hedge
                                                                                                                                                expected
                                                                                                                                                      portions
                                                                                                                                                        portions
                                                                                                                                                              to ofof
                                                                                                                                                                 benefit
                                                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                                                       the from
Company’s
  Company’s
  acquired   work
              net
                netforce
                   investments
                      investments
                              and inin
                                    synergies
                                         itsitsU.S.
                                                 U.S.
                                                   of and
                                                       the
                                                         andrelated
                                                             European
                                                               Europeanbusiness
                                                                            operations.
                                                                              operations.  Foreign
                                                                                    combination.
                                                                                             ForeignThe
                                                                                                      exchange
                                                                                                       exchange
                                                                                                           group of   translation
                                                                                                                        translation
                                                                                                                          CGUs      that
                                                                                                                                      gains
                                                                                                                                         gains
                                                                                                                                           benefit
                                                                                                                                              ororlosses
                                                                                                                                                    losseson
                                                                                                                                                     from  theonthe
                                                                                                                                                                 acquired
                                                                                                                                                                  the net
                                                                                                                                                                        net
investments
  investments
  work  force andandthe
                      synergies
                         theeffective
                              effective
                                     correspond
                                        portions
                                          portionsof   tofthe
                                                          gains
                                                            gainsoror
                                                                 Company’s
                                                                     losses
                                                                        lossesonon  instruments
                                                                                 operating
                                                                                      instruments
                                                                                              segments.
                                                                                                    hedging
                                                                                                      hedging
                                                                                                            Forthe thenet
                                                                                                                   goodwill
                                                                                                                         netinvestments
                                                                                                                               investments
                                                                                                                                 impairment   are
                                                                                                                                                are
                                                                                                                                                 testing
                                                                                                                                                    recorded
                                                                                                                                                       recorded
                                                                                                                                                           purposes,
                                                                                                                                                                 ininother
                                                                                                                                                                       other
                                                                                                                                                                           the
comprehensive
  comprehensive
  group  of CGUs that
                    income.
                       income.
                             represents
                                  Gains
                                   Gainsoror the
                                               losses
                                                 losses
                                                    lowest
                                                         relating
                                                            relating
                                                              level toto
                                                                     within
                                                                        the   ineffective
                                                                           thethe
                                                                                ineffective
                                                                                   Company  portion
                                                                                              portion
                                                                                                 at which
                                                                                                     are
                                                                                                       arerecognized
                                                                                                            management
                                                                                                            recognized       ininmonitors
                                                                                                                                 consolidated
                                                                                                                                   consolidatedgoodwill
                                                                                                                                                   statements
                                                                                                                                                      statements
                                                                                                                                                           is  the ofof
                                                                                                                                                                    operating
earnings.
  earnings.When
  segment    level.
              Whenthe   thehedged
                             hedgednet  netinvestment
                                               investmentisisdisposed
                                                                   disposedof,of,the therelevant
                                                                                          relevantamount
                                                                                                     amountininother othercomprehensive
                                                                                                                             comprehensiveincome    incomeisistransferred
                                                                                                                                                                  transferred
totoearnings
     earningsasaspartpartofofthethegain
                                     gainororloss
                                                lossonondisposal.
                                                            disposal.
  The recoverable amount of each operating segment has been determined based on the VIU calculation which includes
Cash
  Cash flow
         flowabout
  estimates   hedges
                hedges     ofofuture
                        their    futurefinancial
                               future   revenue
                                          revenueand     and long-term
                                                                long-term
                                                      performance            debt
                                                                         based debt
                                                                                  on cash flows approved by management covering a period of five
  years. Key assumptions used in the VIU calculations are the pre-tax discount rate applied and the long-term growth rate of net
The
  Themajority
       majorityofofthetheCompany’s
                            Company’srevenue revenueand    andcosts
                                                                 costsarearedenominated
                                                                               denominatedinina acurrency
                                                                                                      currencyother otherthanthanthetheCanadian
                                                                                                                                          Canadiandollar.dollar.The
                                                                                                                                                                 Theriskriskofof
  operating cash flows. In determining these assumptions, management has taken into consideration the current economic
foreign
  foreignexchange
           exchangefluctuations
                          fluctuationsimpacting
                                          impactingthe     theresults
                                                                 resultsisissubstantially
                                                                              substantiallymitigated
                                                                                               mitigatedbybymatching
                                                                                                                matchingthe     theCompany’s
                                                                                                                                      Company’scosts   costswith
                                                                                                                                                              withrevenue
                                                                                                                                                                     revenue
  environment and its resulting impact on expected growth and discount rates. The cash flow projections reflect management’s
denominated
  denominatedininthe   thesame
                             samecurrency.
                                     currency.InIncertain
                                                        certaincases
                                                                   caseswhere
                                                                            wherethere
                                                                                     thereisisa asubstantial
                                                                                                  substantialimbalance
                                                                                                                  imbalancefor     fora aspecific
                                                                                                                                           specificcurrency,
                                                                                                                                                      currency,the the
  expectations of the segment's operating performance and growth prospects in the operating segment’s market. The pre-tax
Company
  Companyenters
              entersinto intoforeign
                               foreigncurrency
                                         currencyforwardforwardcontracts
                                                                    contractstotohedge
                                                                                     hedgethe thevariability
                                                                                                   variabilityininthetheforeign
                                                                                                                          foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                                      currencyexchange
                                                                                                                                                   exchangerates.rates.
  discount rate applied to an operating segment is derived from the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Management
  considers
The
  The  Company
      Company factorsalso
                  also    such
                            uses
                          uses    as country
                                    interest
                                  interest        risk
                                                rate
                                             rate      and
                                                     andpremium,      risk-freeswaps
                                                             cross-currency
                                                           cross-currency         rate,
                                                                                  swapstosize   premium
                                                                                            tohedge
                                                                                                hedge      and
                                                                                                      either
                                                                                                        either the cost
                                                                                                                  the cash    debt
                                                                                                                          of flow
                                                                                                                        cash    flowto            the
                                                                                                                                          derive or
                                                                                                                                     exposure
                                                                                                                                       exposure         WACC.
                                                                                                                                                     orthe foreign
                                                                                                                                                         the       Impairment
                                                                                                                                                             foreign
  losses
exchange
  exchangerelating
            exposure to ofof
               exposure   goodwill
                                 the cannot
                               the   ong-term
                                      long-term  bedebt.
                                                      reversed in future periods.
                                                      debt.
  For  impaired
  Theeffective
The                  assets,     other
                     portionofofthe
        effectiveportion            the than
                                          changeinin
                                        change  goodwill,  fair an
                                                         fair value  assessment
                                                                valueofofthe          is made at
                                                                             thederivative
                                                                                  derivative        each
                                                                                             financial
                                                                                               financial    reporting
                                                                                                         instruments     is as
                                                                                                                       date
                                                                                                           instrumentsis        to whether
                                                                                                                          recognized
                                                                                                                            recognized          there is any
                                                                                                                                         ininother
                                                                                                                                               other
                                                                                                                                                   comprehensiveindication
                                                                                                                                                       comprehensive
  that
income
  incomepreviously
          andandthe     recognized
                    theineffective       impairment
                                         portion,
                          ineffectiveportion,             any,
                                                   if ifany,losses  the
                                                              ininthe  mayconsolidated
                                                                        consolidated      exist
                                                                              no longerstatements or may
                                                                                           statements   ofofhave  decreased.
                                                                                                            earnings.
                                                                                                              earnings.The                indication
                                                                                                                               If suchportion
                                                                                                                         Theeffective
                                                                                                                              effective                 exists,
                                                                                                                                           portionofofthe
                                                                                                                                                        thechangethe ininfair
                                                                                                                                                            change         fair
  Company
value
  value       thestimates
        ofofthe  derivatives
                    derivatives the  recoverable
                                        reclassifiedout
                                  isisreclassified        amount
                                                           out        of
                                                                     other
                                                               ofofother  the asset.   A previously
                                                                           comprehensive
                                                                             comprehensive      income recognized
                                                                                                  incomeintointo
                                                                                                               the    impairment
                                                                                                                     consolidatedloss
                                                                                                                 theconsolidated           is
                                                                                                                                   statements reversed
                                                                                                                                      statements          only
                                                                                                                                                   ofofearnings
                                                                                                                                                         earningsif there
                                                                                                                                                                    when
                                                                                                                                                                      when has
  been
the
  the    a
       hedged
     hedged  change
                item
                   itemisinisthe  assumptions
                            recognized
                              recognized    ininthe
                                                  the used to      determine
                                                        consolidated
                                                          consolidated            the
                                                                            statements recoverable
                                                                              statementsofof  earnings.amount of the asset since the last impairment loss was
                                                                                                earnings.
  recognized. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor
Cost
  Costofofhedging
              hedging
  exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized
  Thethe
  for
The        asset in
        Company
      Company           prior
                       has
                     has        years.
                            elected
                              elected     Such
                                       totoaccountreversal
                                             account       for is
                                                         for        recognized
                                                              forward
                                                                forward      element
                                                                           element      the
                                                                                    inand   consolidated
                                                                                        andforeign
                                                                                             foreign currency statements
                                                                                                       currencybasis       of
                                                                                                                   basisspreadearnings.
                                                                                                                          preadofofforward
                                                                                                                                      forwardcontracts
                                                                                                                                                 contractsandandcross-
                                                                                                                                                                     cross-
currency
  currencyswapsswapsasascosts  costsofofhedging.
                                          hedging.InInsuch    suchcases,
                                                                      cases,the thedeferred
                                                                                    deferredcostscosts(gains)
                                                                                                        (gains)ofofhedging,
                                                                                                                    hedging,netnetofofapplicable
                                                                                                                                       applicableincome
                                                                                                                                                      incometaxes,
                                                                                                                                                                 taxes,areare
  LONG-TERM
recognized
  recognized          FINANCIAL
                asasa aseparate          ASSETS ofofthe
                           separatecomponent
                                        component              theaccumulated
                                                                    accumulatedother   othercomprehensive
                                                                                              comprehensiveincome incomeandandreclassified
                                                                                                                                reclassifiedininthetheconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                         consolidated
statements
  statements
  Long-termof     ofearnings
                      earnings
                 financial        when
                                    when
                               assets      the
                                         are thehedged
                                                  hedgeditem
                                               comprised        item  isisderecognized.
                                                                 mainly     derecognized.
                                                                            of deferred compensation plan assets and long-term investments bonds
 which are presented as long-term based on management’s intentions.
EMPLOYEE
 EMPLOYEEBENEFITS
              BENEFITS
 BUSINESS
The
 TheCompanyCOMBINATIONS
     Companyoperates
             operatesboth
                      bothdefined
                           definedbenefit
                                   benefitand
                                           anddefined
                                               definedcontribution
                                                       contributionpost-employment
                                                                    post-employmentbenefit
                                                                                    benefitplans.
                                                                                            plans.
  The
The     Company
        costof
  Thecost            accounts
                  defined
              ofdefined           for its plans
                            contribution
                          contribution     business
                                              plans         combinations
                                                            charged
                                                      isischarged        totothetheusing   the
                                                                                   consolidated acquisition
                                                                                     consolidated   statements
                                                                                                      statements method.     Under
                                                                                                                      ofofearnings
                                                                                                                            earningson this  method,
                                                                                                                                         onthethebasis   the
                                                                                                                                                   basisof      consideration
                                                                                                                                                            ofcontributions
                                                                                                                                                                contributions
  transferred
payable
  payable        is
           bybythe  measured
                      Companyat
                 theCompany          fair
                                  during
                                   duringthevalue.
                                               theyear.Acquisition-related and integration costs associated with the business combination are
                                                      year.
  expensed as incurred or when a present legal or constructive obligation exists. The Company recognizes goodwill as the
  For
For  defined
       defined
  excess        benefit
            of thebenefit  plans,
                              the the
                         plans,
                    cost of         thedefined
                                          definedover
                                   acquisition        benefit
                                                        benefit  obligations
                                                             the net obligations    are
                                                                                      are tangible
                                                                           identifiable   calculated
                                                                                            calculatedand       independent
                                                                                                              independent
                                                                                                        bybyintangible            actuaries
                                                                                                                                 actuaries
                                                                                                                            assets     acquired  using
                                                                                                                                               using    the
                                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                                    and      projected
                                                                                                                                                                projectedunit
                                                                                                                                                          liabilities         unit at
                                                                                                                                                                        assumed
  creditmethod.
credit
  their   method.   The
                      Theretirement
         acquisition-date  retirement
                              fair      benefits
                                   values.benefits     obligations
                                                         obligationsinin
                                                The goodwill           recognized     consolidated
                                                                                    consolidated
                                                                                 the is
                                                                               the         composed    balance
                                                                                                     balance
                                                                                                           of  thesheets
                                                                                                                     sheetsrepresent
                                                                                                                    future      representthe
                                                                                                                             economic         thepresent
                                                                                                                                            value  present      value
                                                                                                                                                             value
                                                                                                                                                    associated              the
                                                                                                                                                                      ofofthe
                                                                                                                                                                     to  acquired
  defined
defined    benefit
  work force benefit
                 andobligations
                      obligationsas
                      synergies          reduced
                                     asreduced
                                    with               bybythe
                                           the Company’s      thefairfairvalue
                                                                            valueofofplan
                                                                      operations        planassets
                                                                                       which  assets onona aplan
                                                                                               are primarily     planbybyto
                                                                                                                   due   plan
                                                                                                                           plan   basis.The
                                                                                                                                 basis.
                                                                                                                            reduction      The
                                                                                                                                          of      retirement
                                                                                                                                                retirement
                                                                                                                                               costs  and new     benefits
                                                                                                                                                                 benefits
                                                                                                                                                                    business   assets
                                                                                                                                                                            assets
are
  arerecognized
       recognized   toto
                       the
                         theextent
                               extent that
                                        that thetheCompany
                                                      Company        cancan    benefit
                                                                             benefit   from
                                                                                         from refunds
                                                                                                refunds   orora areduction
                                                                                                                   reduction
  opportunities. Management makes assumptions when determining the acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible   inin
                                                                                                                                  future
                                                                                                                                    future contributions.
                                                                                                                                              contributions.     Retirement
                                                                                                                                                                  Retirement
  benefits
benefits   plans
             plansthat
  and intangible     thatare
                     assets     fundedbyby
                           arefunded
                               acquired       the
                                            and  theliabilities
                                                    payment
                                                       payment      ofofinsurance
                                                                    assumedinsurance
                                                                                   whichpremiums
                                                                                          premiums
                                                                                            involve are aretreated
                                                                                                               treated
                                                                                                      estimates,      such    defined    contributionof
                                                                                                                              as thecontribution
                                                                                                                       asasdefined      forecasting        plans
                                                                                                                                                        plans         cashthe
                                                                                                                                                                    unless
                                                                                                                                                                  unless
                                                                                                                                                             future             the
                                                                                                                                                                               flows,
Company
  Company     has
               has ananobligation
                         obligation  either
                                       either  to to
                                                   paypay  the
                                                             the benefits
                                                                    benefits    directly
                                                                                  directly   when
                                                                                          when    they
                                                                                                    they  fall
                                                                                                            fall
                                                                                                               duedueororto
  discount rates and the useful lives of the assets acquired. Subsequent changes in fair values are recorded as part of theto
                                                                                                                            paypay further
                                                                                                                                     further amounts
                                                                                                                                                amounts   if if
                                                                                                                                                              assets
                                                                                                                                                                assets
  accumulated
accumulated
  purchase price  with
                    with
                       the
                         theinsurer
                               insurer
                      allocation   and dodo notnotcover
                                          therefore   cover  allallfuture
                                                            esult    future  employee
                                                                                employeebenefits.
                                                                      in corresponding        benefits.
                                                                                               goodwillInIn  such     circumstances,
                                                                                                               suchcircumstances,
                                                                                                            adjustments                   the
                                                                                                                              if they qualify     plan
                                                                                                                                             theplan
                                                                                                                                                  as                             defined
                                                                                                                                                                             adefined
                                                                                                                                                             treatedasasaperiod
                                                                                                                                                      isistreated
                                                                                                                                                      measurement
benefit
  benefit plan.
            plan.
  adjustments. The measurement period is the period between the date of acquisition and the date where all significant
  information
Insurance         necessary
                policies
  Insurancepolicies     are     to determine
                                treated
                          aretreated    asasplanplan the   fair values
                                                      assets
                                                        assets                is available,
                                                                 ofofa adefined
                                                                            defined   benefit
                                                                                        benefitnot toifexceed
                                                                                                plan
                                                                                                 plan   ifthe       12 months.
                                                                                                            theproceeds
                                                                                                                  proceeds   ofofthe     other subsequent changes in
                                                                                                                                    Allpolicy:
                                                                                                                                   the  policy:
  judgements and estimates are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
      - - Can Canonly
                    onlybebeused
                               usedtotofund
                                         fundemployee
                                                   employeebenefits; benefits;
       --    Are
              Arenot
                  notavailable
                      availabletotothe
                                     theCompany’s
                                         Company’screditors;
                                                    creditors;and
                                                               and

       --    Either
              Eithercannot
                     cannotbebepaid
                                 paidtotothe
                                           theCompany
                                               Companyunless
                                                        unlessthetheproceeds
                                                                     proceedsrepresent
                                                                                representsurplus
                                                                                            surplusassets
                                                                                                    assetsnot
                                                                                                           notneeded
                                                                                                               neededtotomeet
                                                                                                                          meetallallthe
                                                                                                                                      the
             benefit
              benefitobligations
                      obligationsororare
                                      area areimbursement
                                              reimbursementfor
                                                             forbenefits
                                                                  benefitsalready
                                                                           alreadypaid
                                                                                   paidbybythe
                                                                                             theCompany.
                                                                                                 Company.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
             policiesthat
                       thatdodonot
                                 notmeet
                                     meetthe
                                           theabove
                                               abovecriteria
                                                      criteriaare
                                                               aretreated
                                                                    treatedasasnon-current
                                                                                non-currentinvestments
                                                                                             investmentsand
                                                                                                         andare
                                                                                                             areheld
                                                                                                                 heldatatfair
                                                                                                                           fairvalue
                                                                                                                                valueasaslong-
                                                                                                                                           long-
term
  termfinancial
        financialassets
                  assetsininthe
                              theconsolidated
                                  consolidatedbalance
                                                balancesheets.
                                                          sheets.




CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                  the
                                                    the years
                                                      years ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,
                                                                              30,
                                                                                2024
                                                                                  2024
                                                                                     and
                                                                                       and
                                                                                         2023
                                                                                           2023                                                                                    2217
                                                                                                                                                                                     22
  88 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notesto
Notes tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
  Forthe
For    theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2024
                                          2024and
                                                and2023
                                                    2023
  (tabularamounts
(tabular    amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)

DERIVATIVE
 DERIVATIVEPER
 EARNINGS  FINANCIAL
            FINANCIAL
               SHAREINSTRUMENTS
                      INSTRUMENTSAND
                                  ANDHEDGING
                                      HEDGINGTRANSACTIONS
                                              TRANSACTIONS(CONTINUED)
                                                           (CONTINUED)
Hedges
  Hedgesofof
  Basic       net
               net per
         earnings  investments
                     investments
                           share is inin foreign
                                     based  foreign operations
                                               on the operations
                                                       weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
  per share is determined using the treasury stock method to evaluate the dilutive effect of performance share units (PSUs),
The
  TheCompany
       Companymay   mayuse usecross-currency
                                 cross-currencyswaps swapsandandforeign
                                                                    foreigncurrency
                                                                                 currencydenominated
                                                                                             denominatedlong-term
                                                                                                              long-termdebt
                                                                                                                          debttotohedge
                                                                                                                                   hedgeportions
                                                                                                                                            portionsofofthe
                                                                                                                                                          the
  stock options and restricted share units (RSUs).
Company’s
  Company’snet  netinvestments
                     investmentsininitsitsU.S.U.S.and
                                                    andEuropean
                                                         Europeanoperations.
                                                                        operations.ForeignForeignexchange
                                                                                                    exchangetranslation
                                                                                                                 translationgains
                                                                                                                              gainsororlosses
                                                                                                                                         lossesononthe
                                                                                                                                                     thenetnet
investments
  investmentsand andthe theeffective
                             effectiveportions
                                        portionsofofgains
                                                       gainsororlosses
                                                                  lossesononinstruments
                                                                                   instrumentshedging
                                                                                                  hedgingthe thenet
                                                                                                                  netinvestments
                                                                                                                       investmentsarearerecorded
                                                                                                                                           recordedininother
                                                                                                                                                          other
  RESEARCH AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS
comprehensive
  comprehensiveincome.income.Gains
                                 Gainsororlosses
                                              lossesrelating
                                                      relatingtotothetheineffective
                                                                           ineffectiveportion
                                                                                           portionare
                                                                                                   arerecognized
                                                                                                        recognizedininconsolidated
                                                                                                                          consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                                          statementsofof
  Research
earnings.
  earnings.   coststhe
            When
              When    are   charged
                            hedged
                       thehedged      to
                                      netearnings
                                    net     investment
                                         investment   inisis
                                                         the  period
                                                             disposed
                                                           disposed      in  whichthe they
                                                                          of,of,the                      ininnet
                                                                                                 incurred,
                                                                                            areamount
                                                                                     relevant
                                                                                       relevant  amount     other of related
                                                                                                               other         tax credits.
                                                                                                                    comprehensive
                                                                                                                      comprehensive   incomeDevelopment
                                                                                                                                         incomeisis          costs
                                                                                                                                                   transferred
                                                                                                                                                     transferred
  related
toto
   earningsto asas
     earnings  oftware
                  part     and
                    partofofthe business
                              thegain
                                   gain      solutions
                                       ororloss
                                             losson      are charged to earnings in the period they are incurred, net of related tax credits,
                                                   ondisposal.
                                                       disposal.
  unless they meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility as described in the
Cash
  Cash flow
         flowhedges
  Intangible   hedges
              assets      ofofuture
                               future
                         section     revenue
                                       revenueand
                                  above.            andlong-term
                                                          long-termdebt   debt
The
  Themajority
       majorityofofthe
                     theCompany’s
                          Company’srevenue
                                        revenueandandcosts
                                                        costsare
                                                               aredenominated
                                                                    denominatedinina acurrency
                                                                                          currencyother otherthan
                                                                                                               thanthetheCanadian
                                                                                                                           Canadiandollar.
                                                                                                                                       dollar.The
                                                                                                                                               Therisk
                                                                                                                                                     riskofof
  TAX
foreign CREDITS
  foreignexchange
          exchangefluctuations
                        fluctuationsimpacting
                                      impactingthetheresults
                                                       resultsisissubstantially
                                                                   substantiallymitigated
                                                                                    mitigatedbybymatching
                                                                                                     matchingthe theCompany’s
                                                                                                                       Company’scostscostswith
                                                                                                                                            withrevenue
                                                                                                                                                  revenue
  denominated
denominated
  The  Company        the
                ininthe  same
                    followssame
                              thecurrency.
                                  currency.InIn
                                  income      certain
                                                certainto
                                           approach    cases
                                                         cases where
                                                          account    forthere
                                                                  where   thereisisa aand
                                                                         research     substantial
                                                                                       substantial
                                                                                          development imbalance
                                                                                                    imbalance(R&D)  fora
                                                                                                                  for                            the
                                                                                                                                       credits,the
                                                                                                                                     currency,
                                                                                                                                   currency,
                                                                                                                           specifictax
                                                                                                                         aspecific
                                                                                                                       and  other                whereby tax
  Company
Company
  credits  enters
          areenters  into
              recorded intowhen
                           foreign
                             foreigncurrency
                                     currency
                                   there is     forward
                                            a forward
                                              reasonable  contracts
                                                        contracts   totohedge
                                                            assurance     hedgethe
                                                                           that thethevariability
                                                                                        variabilityinin
                                                                                      assistance      the
                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                     will be foreign
                                                                                                           foreign
                                                                                                             received  currency
                                                                                                                     currency
                                                                                                                          and      exchange
                                                                                                                                exchange
                                                                                                                              that the         rates.will
                                                                                                                                            rates.
                                                                                                                                        Company
  comply
The         with all
       Company
  TheCompany          relevant
                      also
                    also           conditions.
                             usesinterest
                           uses     interestrate
                                              rate Under
                                                    and      this method, tax
                                                      andcross-currency
                                                            cross-currency        credits
                                                                               swaps
                                                                                 swaps      related
                                                                                       totohedge     to  operating
                                                                                                      either
                                                                                             hedgeeither       thecash
                                                                                                             the      expenditures
                                                                                                                   cash flow
                                                                                                                          flowexposure
                                                                                                                                exposure areorrecorded
                                                                                                                                              orthe        as a
                                                                                                                                                  theforeign
                                                                                                                                                       foreign
  reduction    of  the related
               exposureofofthe
  exchangeexposure
exchange                          expenses      and
                                       long-termdebt.
                                 thelong-term          recognized
                                                     debt.              in the period   in which   the  related    expenditures     are   charged     to  earnings.  Tax
  credits related to capital expenditures are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the related assets. The tax credits recorded
  Thebased
The
  areeffective
       effectiveon  portionof
                  portion     ofthe
                     management's thechange
                                        change
                                          best ininfair
                                                      fairvalue
                                                estimates  valueofofofthe
                                                                   amounts   derivative
                                                                        thederivative
                                                                               expectedfinancial
                                                                                         financial
                                                                                            to    instruments
                                                                                                    instruments
                                                                                               be received            recognized
                                                                                                                andisis
                                                                                                                     arerecognized
                                                                                                                          subject          other
                                                                                                                                         other
                                                                                                                                    toinin
                                                                                                                                        audit      comprehensive
                                                                                                                                                 comprehensive
                                                                                                                                               by the    taxation
  income
income   andandthe
  authorities.     the
                     ineffective
                 These ineffective
                           estimates   portion,if if
                                     portion,
                                         are       any,
                                             reviewedany,ininthe
                                                               the reporting
                                                             each consolidated
                                                                    consolidated     statementsof
                                                                                   statements
                                                                                 period   and       ofearnings.
                                                                                               updated, earnings.
                                                                                                            basedThe Thenew
                                                                                                                     on    effective
                                                                                                                         effective     portionofofthe
                                                                                                                                    portion
                                                                                                                               information                            fair
                                                                                                                                                          changeininfair
                                                                                                                                                     thechange
                                                                                                                                               available.
value
  valueofofthe
             thederivatives
                   derivativesisisreclassified
                                      reclassifiedout outofofother
                                                                othercomprehensive
                                                                        comprehensiveincome incomeintointothe
                                                                                                            theconsolidated
                                                                                                                 consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                                  statementsofofearnings
                                                                                                                                                      earningswhen
                                                                                                                                                                when
the
  the
    hedged
      hedged
  INCOME       item
                  itemisisrecognized
              TAXES         recognizedininthe theconsolidated
                                                     consolidatedstatements
                                                                        statementsofofearnings.
                                                                                          earnings.
Cost
 Costofof taxes
 Income hedging
           hedging
                are accounted for using the liability method of accounting.
  The
The  Company
       Company
  Current  incomehas
                  has  elected
                    taxes  are toto
                      elected     account
                                    accountfor
                                recognized   forforward
                                             with forward  element
                                                             element
                                                    respect to         and
                                                                 the and
                                                                      amountsforeign
                                                                          foreign    currency
                                                                                   currency
                                                                                 expected       basis
                                                                                              basis
                                                                                           to be  paidspreadofof
                                                                                                    spread
                                                                                                       or         forward
                                                                                                               forward
                                                                                                          recovered        contracts
                                                                                                                         contracts
                                                                                                                       under   the      and
                                                                                                                                    taxand   cross-
                                                                                                                                           cross-
                                                                                                                                        rates and
  currency
currency
  laws     swaps
        that swapsasas
             have       costsof
                      costs
                   been        of or
                                hedging.
                          enacted hedging.InIn
                                             such
                                               suchcases,
                                       substantively   cases,
                                                        enacted theat the
                                                              the  deferred
                                                                    deferred  costs
                                                                          balance   (gains)                                                      are
                                                                                                                                          taxes,are
                                                                                                                                 incometaxes,
                                                                                                                   applicableincome
                                                                                                           netofofapplicable
                                                                                                  hedging,net
                                                                                              ofhedging,
                                                                                      (gains)of
                                                                                costsheets  date.
recognized
  recognizedasasa aseparate
                     separatecomponent
                                componentofofthe theaccumulated
                                                      accumulatedother othercomprehensive
                                                                              comprehensiveincome
                                                                                                incomeand
                                                                                                        andreclassified
                                                                                                             reclassifiedininthe
                                                                                                                               theconsolidated
                                                                                                                                    consolidated
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on deductible or taxable temporary differences between the amounts
statements
  statementsofofearnings
                  earningswhen
                             whenthethehedged
                                        hedgeditemitemisisderecognized.
                                                            derecognized.
  reported for consolidated financial statement purposes and tax values of the assets and liabilities using enacted or
  substantively enacted tax rates that will be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to be recovered or
EMPLOYEE
  EMPLOYEEBENEFITS
                 BENEFITS
  settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings, in other comprehensive income or in equity based on the
  The
The  Company
       Companyof the
  classification operates
                  operates
                        itemboth
                             both
                              to  defined
                                    defined
                                 which    benefit
                                        theybenefit
                                              relate.                                                            plans.
                                                                                                        benefitplans.
                                                                                     post-employmentbenefit
                                                                      contributionpost-employment
                                                            definedcontribution
                                                      anddefined
                                                     and
The
 Thecost
      costofof
 Deferred    defined
            taxdefinedcontribution
                 assets contribution
                                   plans
                                     plans
                        are recognized     isischarged
                                          for   charged
                                               unused tax    theconsolidated
                                                       totothe   consolidated
                                                            losses             statements
                                                                             statements
                                                                   and deductible       ofofearnings
                                                                                   temporary earnings ononthe
                                                                                              differences       basis
                                                                                                            to basis
                                                                                                            thethe        contributions
                                                                                                                     ofofcontributions
                                                                                                                   extent  that it is probable
payable
 payable bybythe
               theCompany
                   Company  during
                              duringthe
                                      the
                                        year.
                                           year.
 that taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Once this assessment is made, the Company
  considers
For    defined
  Fordefined    the  analysis
                   benefit
                benefit      plans,
                           plans,ofthe
                                    forecasts    and
                                           defined
                                     thedefined        future
                                                     benefit
                                                   benefit       tax planning
                                                             obligations
                                                                obligations are
                                                                              are  calculatedEstimates
                                                                                 strategies.
                                                                                  calculated                of taxable
                                                                                              bybyindependent
                                                                                                     independent                    are
                                                                                                                            profitusing
                                                                                                                      actuaries
                                                                                                                       actuaries         made
                                                                                                                                     using the     based
                                                                                                                                             theprojected        the
                                                                                                                                                             onunit
                                                                                                                                                     projected    unit
  forecast
credit       by
  creditmethod.   jurisdiction
         method.The               on
                       Theretirement an   undiscounted
                             retirementbenefits             basis.
                                           benefitsobligations
                                                      obligationsininthe theconsolidated
                                                                             consolidatedbalance
                                                                                              balancesheets
                                                                                                          sheetsrepresent
                                                                                                                     representthe  thepresent
                                                                                                                                        presentvalue valueofofthe
                                                                                                                                                                the
  defined
defined   benefit
            benefitobligations
  The Company         isobligations
                          subject toasas  reduced
                                        reduced
                                       income    taxbybythe
                                                      lawsthefair
                                                              infairvalue
                                                                  numerous      planassets
                                                                     valueofofplan    assetsonon
                                                                               jurisdictions.   a aplan
                                                                                                      planbybyplan
                                                                                               Judgement       isplan basis.   inThe
                                                                                                                       basis.The
                                                                                                                   required                             benefits
                                                                                                                                       retirementbenefits
                                                                                                                                     retirement
                                                                                                                                   determining         he          assets
                                                                                                                                                                 assets
                                                                                                                                                           worldwide
are
  arerecognized
       recognized    to to
                         the
                           theextent
                                extent that
                                         that
                                            the
                                              theCompany
                                                   Company      cancan  benefit
                                                                      benefit  from
                                                                                 fromrefunds
                                                                                       refunds orora areduction
                                                                                                        reduction   inin
                                                                                                                       future
                                                                                                                         future
  provision for income taxes as the determination of tax liabilities and assets involves uncertainties in the interpretation of  contributions.
                                                                                                                                   contributions.     Retirement
                                                                                                                                                        Retirement
  benefits
benefits
  complex plans
             plans  that
                      thatare
                            arefunded
              tax regulations    funded        thepayment
                                         bybythe
                                   and requires     payment
                                                    estimates  ofofinsurance
                                                                     insurance
                                                                    and         premiums
                                                                                  premiums
                                                                         assumptions         are
                                                                                              aretreated
                                                                                         consideringtreated    asdefined
                                                                                                                    defined
                                                                                                         theasexisting        contribution
                                                                                                                             contribution
                                                                                                                           facts                          unless
                                                                                                                                                plansunless
                                                                                                                                             plans
                                                                                                                                  and circumstances.             the
                                                                                                                                                               The the
Company
  Company    hashas anan obligation
                           obligation either
                                        eithertoto
                                                 pay
                                                   pay the
                                                         thebenefits
                                                               benefits directly
                                                                          directly  when
                                                                                  when   they
                                                                                           theyfall
                                                                                                 fall
                                                                                                    duedueororto to
                                                                                                                  pay
                                                                                                                    pay
  Company provides for potential tax liabilities based on the most likely amount of the possible outcomes. Estimates arefurther
                                                                                                                          further amounts
                                                                                                                                    amounts    if if
                                                                                                                                                   assets
                                                                                                                                                     assets
  accumulated
accumulated
  reviewed each    with
                     withthe
                           theinsurer
                       reportinginsurer       notcover
                                        dodonot
                                   period   and    coverallallfuture
                                                  updated,      future
                                                                based  employee
                                                                        employee     benefits.InIn
                                                                                   benefits.
                                                                         on new information      such
                                                                                                    suchcircumstances,
                                                                                                 available,circumstances,
                                                                                                               and could result   theplan
                                                                                                                                the    plan       treated
                                                                                                                                           isistreated
                                                                                                                                       in changes        toasasa a
                                                                                                                                                            the     defined
                                                                                                                                                                  defined
                                                                                                                                                                 income
benefit
  benefitplan.
           plan.
  tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities in the period in which such determinations are made.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
            policiesare
                     aretreated
                          treatedasasplan
                                      planassets
                                           assetsofofa adefined
                                                         definedbenefit
                                                                 benefitplan
                                                                         planif ifthe
                                                                                    theproceeds
                                                                                        proceedsofofthe
                                                                                                      thepolicy:
                                                                                                          policy:
       --   Can
             Canonly
                 onlybebeused
                          usedtotofund
                                    fundemployee
                                         employeebenefits;
                                                  benefits;
       --   Are
             Arenot
                 notavailable
                     availabletotothe
                                    theCompany’s
                                        Company’screditors;
                                                   creditors;and
                                                              and

       --   Either
             Eithercannot
                    cannotbebepaid
                                paidtotothe
                                          theCompany
                                              Companyunless
                                                       unlessthetheproceeds
                                                                    proceedsrepresent
                                                                               representsurplus
                                                                                           surplusassets
                                                                                                   assetsnot
                                                                                                          notneeded
                                                                                                              neededtotomeet
                                                                                                                         meetallallthe
                                                                                                                                     the
            benefit
             benefitobligations
                     obligationsororare
                                     area areimbursement
                                             reimbursementfor
                                                            forbenefits
                                                                 benefitsalready
                                                                          alreadypaid
                                                                                  paidbybythe
                                                                                            theCompany.
                                                                                                Company.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
             policiesthat
                       thatdodonot
                                 notmeet
                                     meetthe
                                           theabove
                                               abovecriteria
                                                      criteriaare
                                                               aretreated
                                                                    treatedasasnon-current
                                                                                non-currentinvestments
                                                                                             investmentsand
                                                                                                         andare
                                                                                                             areheld
                                                                                                                 heldatatfair
                                                                                                                           fairvalue
                                                                                                                                valueasaslong-
                                                                                                                                           long-
term
  termfinancial
        financialassets
                  assetsininthe
                              theconsolidated
                                  consolidatedbalance
                                                balancesheets.
                                                          sheets.




 CGI
CGI      ––
      Inc.
    Inc.    Consolidated
           Consolidated   Financial
                        Financial   Statements
                                  Statements forfor the
                                                  the   years
                                                      years   ended
                                                            ended   September
                                                                  September   30,
                                                                            30,   2024
                                                                                2024   and
                                                                                     and   2023
                                                                                         2023                                                                          2218
                                                                                                                                                                         22
                                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 89

Notes
Notesto
      tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2024
                                          2024and
                                                and2023
                                                    2023
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.       Summary
            Summaryofofmaterial
                        materialaccounting
                                 accountingpolicies
                                            policies(continued)
                                                     (continued)

DERIVATIVE
 PROVISIONS
 DERIVATIVEFINANCIAL
            FINANCIALINSTRUMENTS
                       INSTRUMENTSAND
                                   ANDHEDGING
                                       HEDGINGTRANSACTIONS
                                               TRANSACTIONS(CONTINUED)
                                                            (CONTINUED)
Hedges
  Hedges
  Provisionsofofnet
                 netrecognized
                 are  investments
                        investmentsin    whenin the
                                               foreign
                                                 foreign    operations
                                                       Companyoperationshas a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
  probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
The
  TheCompany
        Companymay     mayuse  usecross-currency
                                      cross-currencyswaps    swapsand  andforeign
                                                                             foreigncurrency
                                                                                       currencydenominated
                                                                                                    denominatedlong-term
                                                                                                                       long-termdebt  debttotohedge
                                                                                                                                                hedgeportions
                                                                                                                                                          portionsofofthe the
  estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The Company’s provisions consist of liabilities for litigation and claims
Company’s
  Company’snet    netinvestments
                        investmentsininitsitsU.S.  U.S.and  andEuropean
                                                                  Europeanoperations.
                                                                                 operations.Foreign
                                                                                                 Foreignexchange
                                                                                                            exchangetranslation
                                                                                                                          translationgains  gainsororlosses
                                                                                                                                                       lossesononthe thenetnet
  provisions arising in the ordinary course of business, decommissioning liabilities for leases of office buildings, onerous
investments
  investmentsand    andthe theeffective
                                 effectiveportions
                                              portionsofofgainsgainsororlosses
                                                                           lossesononinstruments
                                                                                         instrumentshedging
                                                                                                          hedgingthe  thenetnetinvestments
                                                                                                                                  investmentsare   arerecorded
                                                                                                                                                         recordedininotherother
  revenue-generating contracts and onerous supplier contracts. The Company also records severance provisions related to
comprehensive
  comprehensiveincome.   income.Gains  Gainsororlosses
                                                   lossesrelating
                                                               relatingtotothetheineffective
                                                                                   ineffectiveportion
                                                                                                  portionare
                                                                                                           arerecognized
                                                                                                                 recognizedininconsolidated
                                                                                                                                      consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                                                        statementsofof
  specific initiatives such as cost optimization programs and the integration of its business acquisitions.
earnings.
  earnings.WhenWhenthe    thehedged
                                hedgednet   netinvestment
                                                 investmentisisdisposed
                                                                      disposedof,of,the therelevant
                                                                                             relevantamount
                                                                                                         amountininotherothercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                comprehensiveincome    incomeisistransferred
                                                                                                                                                                     transferred
toto
  The
   earnings
       arnings
        amount  asaspart
                    recognized
                       part ofofthe
                                  theas
                                      gain
                                        gain
                                          a ororloss
                                             provision
                                                  lossonon  is the
                                                             disposal.
                                                               disposal.
                                                                     best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
  end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Provisions are
Cash
  Cashflowflowhedges
                 hedgesofofuture   futurerevenue
                                             revenueand     andlong-term
                                                                   long-termdebt   debt
  discounted using a current pre-tax rate when the impact of the time value of money is material. The increase in the provisions
  The to
  due
The        the ofof
        majority
      majority  passage the of
                      the          time
                              Company’s
                            Company’s        recognized
                                          is revenue
                                                revenueand          finance
                                                                ascosts
                                                              and   costs are
                                                                            arecosts.
                                                                                denominated
                                                                                  denominatedinina acurrency
                                                                                                          currencyotherotherthanthanthetheCanadian
                                                                                                                                             Canadiandollar.
                                                                                                                                                           dollar.The
                                                                                                                                                                    Theriskriskofof
foreign
  foreignexchange
            exchangefluctuations
                            fluctuationsimpacting
                                              impactingthe    theresults
                                                                    resultsisissubstantially
                                                                                 substantiallymitigated
                                                                                                   mitigatedbybymatching
                                                                                                                    matchingthe    theCompany’s
                                                                                                                                        Company’scosts   costswith
                                                                                                                                                                 withrevenue
                                                                                                                                                                        revenue
  The accrued litigation and legal claims provisions are based on historical experience, current trends and other assumptions
denominated
  denominatedininthe     thesame
                               samecurrency.
                                        currency.InIncertain
                                                           certaincases
                                                                      caseswhere
                                                                               wherethere
                                                                                        thereisisa asubstantial
                                                                                                      substantialimbalance
                                                                                                                     imbalancefor     fora aspecific
                                                                                                                                             specificcurrency,
                                                                                                                                                        currency,the  the
  that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates include the period in which the underlying cause of the
Company
  Companyenters entersinto intoforeign
                                 foreigncurrency
                                            currencyforwardforwardcontracts
                                                                       contractstotohedge
                                                                                        hedgethe  thevariability
                                                                                                      variabilityininthetheforeign
                                                                                                                             foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                                         currencyexchange
                                                                                                                                                      exchangerates.
                                                                                                                                                                   rates.
  claim occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.
The
  TheCompany
        Companyalso    alsousesusesinterest
                                       interestrate
                                                  rateand andcross-currency
                                                                 cross-currencyswaps  swapstotohedge
                                                                                                   hedgeeither
                                                                                                            eitherthethecash
                                                                                                                          cashflow flowexposure
                                                                                                                                          exposureororthe  theforeign
                                                                                                                                                                foreign
  Decommissioning liabilities pertain to leases of buildings where certain arrangements require premises to be returned to their
exchange
  exchangeexposure
                exposureofofthe     thelong-term
                                         long-termdebt. debt.
  original state at the end of the lease term. The provision is determined using the present value of the estimated future cash
  outflows.
The
  The effective
        effectiveportion
                     portionofofthe  thechange
                                          changeininfair  fairvalue
                                                                valueofofthethederivative
                                                                                  derivativefinancial
                                                                                               financialinstruments
                                                                                                           instrumentsisisrecognized
                                                                                                                                 recognizedininotherothercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                                            comprehensive
income
  incomeand andthe theineffective
                         ineffectiveportion,
                                         portion,if ifany,
                                                        any,ininthetheconsolidated
                                                                         consolidatedstatements
                                                                                           statementsofofearnings.
                                                                                                              earnings.The  Theeffective
                                                                                                                                    effectiveportion
                                                                                                                                                portionofofthethechange
                                                                                                                                                                   changeininfair fair
  Provisions for onerous revenue-generating contracts are recorded when remaining unavoidable costs of fulfilling the contract
value
  valueofofthe
             thederivatives
                   derivativesisisreclassified
                                        reclassifiedout    outofofother
                                                                    othercomprehensive
                                                                            comprehensiveincome   incomeintointothe
                                                                                                                  theconsolidated
                                                                                                                        consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                                            statementsofofearnings
                                                                                                                                                               earningswhen  when
  exceed the remaining estimated revenue from the contract. Management regularly reviews arrangement profitability and the
the
  thehedged
       hedgeditem itemisisrecognized
                              recognizedininthe   theconsolidated
                                                         consolidatedstatements
                                                                            statementsofofearnings.
                                                                                               earnings.
  underlying estimates.
Cost
  Costofofhedging
             hedging
  Provisions for onerous supplier contracts are recorded when the unavoidable net cash flows from honoring the contract are
  negative.
The
  The   Company
      Company  Thehas provision
                       has    electedtoto
                            elected   represents
                                             account
                                           account     he
                                                        for lowest
                                                                forward
                                                             forward
                                                           for         of the  costsand
                                                                           element
                                                                         element       to
                                                                                       andfulfill
                                                                                           foreign     currencyand
                                                                                                       contract
                                                                                                  thecurrency
                                                                                             foreign              basis
                                                                                                                    basisthe          ofof to
                                                                                                                              penalties
                                                                                                                          spread
                                                                                                                             spread             exit the
                                                                                                                                          forward
                                                                                                                                            forward        contract.
                                                                                                                                                    contracts
                                                                                                                                                       contracts  and
                                                                                                                                                                    and    cross-are
                                                                                                                                                                        Those
                                                                                                                                                                         cross-
  generally
currency
  currency     related
              swaps
            swaps      asasto  non-lease
                              costsof
                            costs              components
                                       ofhedging.
                                           hedging.In        suchof
                                                         Insuch       vacated
                                                                   cases,
                                                                     cases,    theleased
                                                                             the  deferred  premises.
                                                                                    deferredcosts
                                                                                                costs(gains)
                                                                                                        (gains)ofofhedging,
                                                                                                                      hedging,net    netofofapplicable
                                                                                                                                             applicableincome
                                                                                                                                                            incometaxes,
                                                                                                                                                                       taxes,are are
recognized
  recognizedasasa aseparate
                          separatecomponent
                                        componentofofthe      theaccumulated
                                                                    accumulatedother  othercomprehensive
                                                                                              comprehensiveincome  incomeand    andreclassified
                                                                                                                                      reclassifiedininthe theconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                               consolidated
  Severance provisions are recognized when a detailed formal plan identifies the business or part of the business concerned,
statements
  statementsofofearnings
                      earningswhen   whenthe thehedged
                                                  hedgeditem    itemisisderecognized.
                                                                          derecognized.
  the location and number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs, appropriate timelines and has
  been communicated to those affected by it.
EMPLOYEE
  EMPLOYEEBENEFITS   BENEFITS
The
 TheCompany
     Companyoperates
 TRANSLATION operatesboth
               OF     bothdefined
                   FOREIGN definedbenefit
                                   benefitand
                              CURRENCIES   anddefined
                                               definedcontribution
                                                       contributionpost-employment
                                                                    post-employmentbenefit
                                                                                    benefitplans.
                                                                                            plans.
The
  Thecost
        cost
           ofofdefined
                defined
        Company’s        contribution
                            contribution
                       consolidated        plans
                                            plansisischarged
                                         financial      chargedtotothe
                                                       tatements      are    consolidated
                                                                        theconsolidated
                                                                           presented           statements
                                                                                             statements
                                                                                         in Canadian           ofofearnings
                                                                                                             dollars,earnings
                                                                                                                        whichon  onthe
                                                                                                                                is        basis
                                                                                                                                     thebasis
                                                                                                                                   also  the          contributions
                                                                                                                                               ofofcontributions
                                                                                                                                              parent     company’s
payable
  payable bybythe
                theCompany
                     Company      during
                                   during  the
                                             the year.
                                                  year.
  functional currency. Each entity in the Company determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
  statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Functional currency is the currency of the primary
For
  Fordefined
       definedbenefit
                 benefitplans,
                           plans,thethedefined
                                         definedbenefit
                                                    benefitobligations
                                                               obligationsare  arecalculated
                                                                                    calculatedbybyindependent
                                                                                                         independentactuaries
                                                                                                                          actuariesusing
                                                                                                                                       usingthetheprojected
                                                                                                                                                     projectedunit unit
  economic environment in which the entity operates.
credit
  creditmethod.
         method.The  Theretirement
                           retirementbenefits
                                          benefitsobligations
                                                     obligationsininthe  theconsolidated
                                                                              consolidatedbalance
                                                                                                balancesheets sheetsrepresent
                                                                                                                        representthe thepresent
                                                                                                                                          presentvalue
                                                                                                                                                     valueofofthethe
  defined
defined
  Foreign benefit
            benefitobligations
             currencyobligations   asasreduced
                          transactions   reduced
                                              andby  bythethefair
                                                    balances         valueofofplan
                                                               fairvalue              assetsonona aplan
                                                                                planassets                planbybyplan
                                                                                                                    planbasis.
                                                                                                                          basis.TheTheretirement
                                                                                                                                         retirementbenefits
                                                                                                                                                        benefitsassets
                                                                                                                                                                    assets
are
  arerecognized
       recognizedtotothe theextent
                               extentthat
                                       thatthetheCompany
                                                   Companycan     canbenefit
                                                                        benefitfrom
                                                                                  fromrefunds
                                                                                        refundsorora areduction
                                                                                                            reductionininfuture
                                                                                                                            futurecontributions.
                                                                                                                                     contributions.Retirement
                                                                                                                                                        Retirement
  Revenue,
benefits      expenses
            plans
  benefitsplans   that    are
                    thatare  and   non-monetary
                                funded
                              funded    bybythe       assetsofof
                                                   payment
                                               thepayment        and   liabilities
                                                                    insurance
                                                                  insurance         denominated
                                                                                 premiums
                                                                                   premiums    are      in foreign
                                                                                                 aretreated
                                                                                                       treated        currencies
                                                                                                                asasdefined         are recorded
                                                                                                                       definedcontribution
                                                                                                                                 contribution  plans
                                                                                                                                                  plans   the
                                                                                                                                                       atunlessrate
                                                                                                                                                          unless  theof
                                                                                                                                                                    the
  exchange
Company
  Companyhas   prevailing    at      transaction
                                      eithertotopay
                        obligationeither
              hasananobligation  the                 date.
                                                   paythe     Monetary
                                                         thebenefits       assets
                                                              benefitsdirectly       and
                                                                          directlywhen     liabilities
                                                                                     whentheytheyfall     denominated
                                                                                                     falldue
                                                                                                           dueorortotopay   in foreign
                                                                                                                       payfurther        currencies
                                                                                                                             furtheramounts
                                                                                                                                      amountsif ifassets are
                                                                                                                                                      assets translated    at
  exchange     rates
  accumulatedwith
accumulated           prevailing    at  the
                               insurerdodonot
                         theinsurer
                   withthe                   balance     sheets
                                                  coverallallfuture
                                             notcover               date.  Unrealized
                                                               futureemployee         benefits.InInsuch
                                                                        employeebenefits. and    realized     translation
                                                                                                       suchcircumstances,    gains
                                                                                                               circumstances,the     and
                                                                                                                                    theplanlosses    are
                                                                                                                                         planisistreated  reflected   in
                                                                                                                                                   treatedasasa adefined the
                                                                                                                                                                      efined
  consolidated
benefit    plan. statements of earnings.
  benefitplan.
  Foreign
  Insuranceoperations
Insurance    policies
               policiesarearetreated
                                treatedasasplan
                                              planassets
                                                    assetsofofa adefined
                                                                     definedbenefit
                                                                                benefitplan
                                                                                          planif ifthe
                                                                                                     theproceeds
                                                                                                           proceedsofofthe thepolicy:
                                                                                                                                policy:
  For- foreign
        - CanCanoperations
                 only         thattohave
                   onlybebeused
                            used     tofund functional
                                         fundemployee
                                                employee  currencies
                                                             benefits; different from the Company, assets and liabilities denominated in a
                                                           benefits;
  foreign currency are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheets date. Revenue and expenses are translated
     - - Are
  at average Arenot
                  notavailable
                      available
                 xchange         totoprevailing
                             rates   thetheCompany’s
                                             Company’s
                                                    duringcreditors;
                                                            creditors;
                                                            the period.andand
                                                                            Resulting unrealized gains or losses on translating financial
  statements of foreign operations are reported in other comprehensive income.
     - - Either
             Eithercannot
                     cannotbebepaidpaidtotothetheCompany
                                                   Companyunless
                                                               unlessthe  theproceeds
                                                                               proceedsrepresent
                                                                                          representsurplus
                                                                                                      surplusassets
                                                                                                              assetsnot
                                                                                                                      notneeded
                                                                                                                          neededtotomeetmeetallallthe
                                                                                                                                                    the
             benefit
            benefit
  For foreign       obligations
                      obligations
                operations    withoror
                                     theare
                                          area
                                           samea functional
                                               reimbursement
                                                  reimbursementfor    forbenefits
                                                               currency    benefits
                                                                             as  thealready
                                                                                     alreadypaid
                                                                                     Company,              Company.
                                                                                                       theCompany.
                                                                                                     the
                                                                                              paidbyby
                                                                                                monetary    assets  and liabilities are translated at the
  exchange rates in effect at the balance sheets date and non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
              policiesthat
                         thatdodonot
                                   notmeet
                                         meetthe theabove
                                                     abovecriteria
                                                              criteriaare
                                                                        aretreated
                                                                              treatedasasnon-current
                                                                                          non-currentinvestments
                                                                                                        investmentsand
                                                                                                                     andare
                                                                                                                          areheld
                                                                                                                               heldatatfair
                                                                                                                                         fairvalue
                                                                                                                                              valueasaslong-
                                                                                                                                                         long-
  exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period. Translation exchange
term
  termfinancial
         financialassets
                   assetsininthe
                               theconsolidated
                                     consolidatedbalance
                                                       balancesheets.
                                                                  sheets.
  gains or losses of such operations are reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings.



CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                  the
                                                    the years
                                                      years ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,
                                                                              30,
                                                                                2024
                                                                                  2024
                                                                                     and
                                                                                       and
                                                                                         2023
                                                                                           2023                                                                                  2219
                                                                                                                                                                                   22
  90 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notesto
      tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2024
                                          2024and
                                                and2023
                                                    2023
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)

DERIVATIVE
 SHARE-BASED
 DERIVATIVEFINANCIAL
            FINANCIAL
               PAYMENTS
                     INSTRUMENTS
                       INSTRUMENTSAND
                                   ANDHEDGING
                                       HEDGINGTRANSACTIONS
                                               TRANSACTIONS(CONTINUED)
                                                            (CONTINUED)
Hedges
 Equity-settled
 Hedges ofofnet
             net plans
                investments
                  investmentsininforeign
                                   foreignoperations
                                           operations
The
  TheCompany
        Companymay       may
                         operates
                                useuse a Share
                                       cross-currency
                                         cross-currencyUnit Planswaps
                                                                   swaps (Share
                                                                             and
                                                                               andUnit
                                                                                    foreign
                                                                                       foreign
                                                                                             Plan)   and
                                                                                                  currency
                                                                                                currency   andenominated
                                                                                                               denominated
                                                                                                                equity-settled  long-term
                                                                                                                                   long-term
                                                                                                                                    stock      option
                                                                                                                                                 debt
                                                                                                                                                   debttoto
                                                                                                                                                         plans
                                                                                                                                                            hedge
                                                                                                                                                             hedge
                                                                                                                                                                underportions
                                                                                                                                                                       portions
                                                                                                                                                                         whichof  the
                                                                                                                                                                                   ofthe
                                                                                                                                                                                       the
Company’s
  Company’snet   receives
                    net investments
                           investments
                                  servicesininits
                                               fromitsU.S.
                                                        employees,
                                                         U.S.and  andEuropean
                                                                          European
                                                                              officers and
                                                                                         operations.
                                                                                           operations.
                                                                                                 directors  Foreign
                                                                                                          Foreign
                                                                                                               as consideration
                                                                                                                     exchange
                                                                                                                       exchange for  translation
                                                                                                                                       translation
                                                                                                                                             equitygains
                                                                                                                                                       instruments.
                                                                                                                                                         gainsororlosses
                                                                                                                                                                    losses
                                                                                                                                                                         Both
                                                                                                                                                                            ononthe
                                                                                                                                                                                PSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                  thenetnet
                                                                                                                                                                                          and
investments
  investments
  RSUs     can be and andthe
                        issuedtheeffective
                                     effective
                                     under    the
                                               portions
                                                  portions
                                                    Shareofof   Unit
                                                                   gains
                                                                      gains
                                                                         Plan oror
                                                                                 (and
                                                                                  losses
                                                                                     losses
                                                                                          areonon instruments
                                                                                               collectively
                                                                                                    instruments referred
                                                                                                                   hedging
                                                                                                                     hedging
                                                                                                                           to as
                                                                                                                               thethenet
                                                                                                                                     “Share
                                                                                                                                        net Units”
                                                                                                                                            investments
                                                                                                                                               investmentsunder
                                                                                                                                                              are
                                                                                                                                                                aresuch
                                                                                                                                                                    recorded
                                                                                                                                                                      recorded
                                                                                                                                                                          Share  inin
                                                                                                                                                                                    Unit
                                                                                                                                                                                    other
                                                                                                                                                                                       other
                                                                                                                                                                                           Plan).
comprehensive
  comprehensiveincome.      income.Gains  Gainsororlosseslossesrelating
                                                                      relatingtotothe   theineffective
                                                                                             ineffectiveportion
                                                                                                            portionare arerecognized
                                                                                                                            recognizedininconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                   consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                                                                     statementsofof
  The fair value of the PSUs and RSUs is established based on the closing price of Class A subordinate voting shares of the
earnings.
  earnings.When  Whenthe     thehedged
                                    hedgednet  netinvestment
                                                      investmentisisdisposed  disposedof,of,the    therelevant
                                                                                                        relevantamount
                                                                                                                    amountininother othercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                             comprehensiveincome    incomeisistransferred
                                                                                                                                                                                  transferred
  Company on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) at the grant date. For the stock options, the fair value is established using the
totoearnings
     earningsasaspart     partofofthe thegain
                                           gainororloss lossonondisposal.
                                                                      disposal.
  Black-Scholes option pricing model at the grant date. The number of PSUs, RSUs and stock options expected to vest are
Cash
  Cash  flow
          flowon
  estimated     hedges
                   hedgesof
                       the    grantofuture
                                       futureand
                                        date   revenue
                                                  revenue      andandlong-term
                                                       subsequently       long-term
                                                                               reviseddebt   debt
                                                                                            on   each reporting date. For stock options, the estimation of fair value
  requires making assumptions for the most appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the option
The
  Themajority
        majorityofofthe    theCompany’s
                                  Company’srevenue  revenueand       andcosts
                                                                            costsare  aredenominated
                                                                                            denominatedinina acurrency
                                                                                                                     currencyother otherthan thanthetheCanadian
                                                                                                                                                          Canadiandollar.
                                                                                                                                                                        dollar.The
                                                                                                                                                                                 Theriskriskofof
  and expected stock price volatility. The fair value of share-based payments, adjusted for expectations related to performance
foreign
  foreignexchange
            exchangefluctuationsfluctuationsimpacting
                                                  impactingthe       theresults
                                                                           resultsisissubstantially
                                                                                           substantiallymitigated
                                                                                                              mitigatedbybymatching
                                                                                                                                matchingthe     theCompany’s
                                                                                                                                                     Company’scosts   costswith
                                                                                                                                                                              withrevenue
                                                                                                                                                                                     revenue
  conditions and forfeitures, are recognized as share-based payment costs over the vesting period in earnings with a
denominated
  denominatedininthe        thesamesamecurrency.
                                           currency.InIncertain  certaincases caseswhere wheretherethereisisa asubstantial
                                                                                                                 substantialimbalance
                                                                                                                                 imbalancefor      fora aspecific
                                                                                                                                                           specificcurrency,
                                                                                                                                                                     currency,the  the
  corresponding credit to contributed surplus on a graded-vesting basis if they vest annually or on a straight-line basis if they
Company
  Companyenters  entersinto   intoforeign
                                     foreigncurrency
                                                currencyforward  forwardcontracts
                                                                               contractstotohedge  hedgethe thevariability
                                                                                                                 variabilityininthe theforeign
                                                                                                                                          foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                                                      currencyexchange
                                                                                                                                                                   exchangerates.rates.
  vest at the end of the vesting period.
The
  TheCompany
        Companyalso      alsouses  usesinterest
                                          interestrate rateand andcross-currency
                                                                        cross-currencyswaps     swapstotohedgehedgeeither
                                                                                                                       eitherthe thecash
                                                                                                                                       cashflow flowexposure
                                                                                                                                                       exposureororthe  theforeign
                                                                                                                                                                             foreign
  When PSUs or RSUs are exercised, the recorded fair value of PSUs or RSUs is removed from contributed surplus and
exchange
  exchangeexposure
                 exposureofofthe       thelong-term
                                            long-termdebt.    debt.
  credited to capital stock. When stock options are exercised, any consideration paid is credited to capital stock and the
  recorded
The
  The           fairportion
        effective
      effective        value
                       portionofofthe   thestock
                                             changein
                                           change    options
                                                           infair       removed
                                                                   isvalue
                                                                fair   value  ofofthe  from
                                                                                      the      contributed
                                                                                         derivative
                                                                                            derivative          surplus
                                                                                                        financial
                                                                                                          financial       and
                                                                                                                      instruments
                                                                                                                    instruments  credited
                                                                                                                                       isis to               stock.
                                                                                                                                                   capitalinin
                                                                                                                                           recognized
                                                                                                                                              recognized       other
                                                                                                                                                                 othercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                                                         comprehensive
income
  incomeand  andthe  theineffective
                            ineffectiveportion,
                                             portion,if ifany,any,ininthe  theconsolidated
                                                                                consolidatedstatementsstatementsofofearnings.
                                                                                                                         earnings.The    Theeffective
                                                                                                                                                 effectiveportion
                                                                                                                                                             portionofofthethechange
                                                                                                                                                                                changeininfair fair
  Share purchase plan
value
  valueofofthethederivatives
                     derivativesisisreclassified
                                           reclassifiedout      outofofotherothercomprehensive
                                                                                      comprehensiveincome    incomeintointothetheconsolidated
                                                                                                                                    consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                                                         statementsofofearnings
                                                                                                                                                                            earningswhen  when
the
  The
  thehedged
       hedged
        Company  item
                    itemisis
                         operates
                               recognized
                                  recognized
                                         a share ininthe
                                                      purchase
                                                        theconsolidated
                                                              consolidated
                                                                         plan for eligible
                                                                                   statements
                                                                                      statementsofof
                                                                                                 employees.
                                                                                                         earnings.
                                                                                                           earnings.
                                                                                                                  Under this plan, the Company matches the contributions
  made by employees up to a maximum percentage of the employee's salary. The Company's contributions to the plan are
Cost
  Costofofhedging
             hedging
  recognized in salaries and other employee costs within costs of services, selling and administrative.
The
  TheCompany
        Companyhas       haselected
                                  electedtotoaccount
                                                 accountfor     forforward
                                                                       forwardelement
                                                                                    elementand   andforeign
                                                                                                        foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                  currencybasis basisspread
                                                                                                                                         spreadofofforward
                                                                                                                                                         forwardcontracts
                                                                                                                                                                    contractsand  andcross-
                                                                                                                                                                                        cross-
  Cash-settled deferred share units
currency
  currencyswapsswapsasascosts     costsofofhedging.
                                              hedging.InInsuch     suchcases,cases,the   thedeferred
                                                                                              deferredcostscosts(gains)
                                                                                                                   (gains)ofofhedging,
                                                                                                                                  hedging,net     netofofapplicable
                                                                                                                                                           applicableincome
                                                                                                                                                                         incometaxes,
                                                                                                                                                                                    taxes,are are
  recognized
recognized
  The   Company  asasa a  separate
                             separate
                         operates        acomponent
                                           componentof
                                            deferred       shareofthethe   accumulated
                                                                         accumulated
                                                                       unit (DSU)             other
                                                                                          plan toother comprehensive
                                                                                                         comprehensive
                                                                                                    compensate               income
                                                                                                                               incomeand
                                                                                                                      the external           and
                                                                                                                                         members   reclassified
                                                                                                                                                            the inin
                                                                                                                                                 reclassified
                                                                                                                                                         of                 consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                          consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                       theof
                                                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                                                 Board        Directors.     The
statements
  statements
  expense      isofof earnings
                         earningswhen
                   recognized           whenthe
                                        within   the hedged
                                                 costs  hedgeditem
                                                           of          itemisisselling
                                                                services,       derecognized.
                                                                                   derecognized.
                                                                                             and administrative for each DSU granted equal to the closing price of
  Class A subordinate voting shares of the Company on the TSX at the date on which DSUs are awarded and a corresponding
  liability
EMPLOYEE
  EMPLOYEE  is recorded
                   BENEFITS
                       BENEFITS   in accrued compensation and employee-related liabilities. After the grant date, the DSU liability is
  remeasured
The                   for
        Companyoperates
  TheCompany                subsequent
                         operatesboth          changes
                                         bothdefined
                                                 definedbenefitin the and
                                                              benefit     fair
                                                                            and value
                                                                                defined
                                                                                   defined of contribution
                                                                                              the   Company's
                                                                                                contribution        shares.
                                                                                                                post-employment
                                                                                                                 post-employment          benefit
                                                                                                                                             benefitplans.
                                                                                                                                                         plans.
The
  The cost
        costofofdefined
  FINANCIAL       defined contribution
                             contributionplans
                   INSTRUMENTS               plansisischarged
                                                        chargedtotothe   theconsolidated
                                                                              consolidatedstatements
                                                                                              statementsofofearnings  earningsononthe thebasis
                                                                                                                                           basisofofcontributions
                                                                                                                                                      contributions
payable
  payablebybythe theCompany
                      Companyduring duringthetheyear.
                                                  year.
  All financial instruments are initially measured at their fair value and are subsequently classified either at amortized cost, at fair
  value
For
  For      through
        defined
     defined         earnings
                benefit
                  benefit plans,  (FVTE)
                            plans,the       or
                                          defined
                                     thedefined at fair value
                                                     benefit
                                                   benefit      through
                                                               obligationsare
                                                             obligations     other  comprehensive
                                                                               arecalculated
                                                                                    calculated               income
                                                                                                 bybyindependent
                                                                                                          independent   (FVOCI).
                                                                                                                          actuaries Financial
                                                                                                                           actuariesusing
                                                                                                                                        usingthe assets
                                                                                                                                                the           classified
                                                                                                                                                          are unit
                                                                                                                                                    projected
                                                                                                                                                      projected   unit
  based
credit      on the The
           method.
  creditmethod.     Company’s       management
                            retirement
                      Theretirement                    model of such
                                           benefitsobligations
                                        benefits      obligations   ininthe instruments
                                                                          theconsolidated
                                                                               consolidatedand
                                                                                             balancetheir contractual
                                                                                                balance      sheets        cash flows
                                                                                                               sheetsrepresent
                                                                                                                         represent  the   they
                                                                                                                                      thepresentgenerate.
                                                                                                                                           present  value    Financial
                                                                                                                                                      valueofof
                                                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                                                                the
  liabilities
defined
  defined      are classified
              benefit
            benefit   obligations
                     obligations and  measured
                                    asas  reducedby
                                        reduced      at  amortized   value
                                                               fairvalue
                                                          thefair
                                                      bythe             cost,  unless
                                                                           ofofplan     they
                                                                                planassets
                                                                                      assetsonare
                                                                                                ona a  held
                                                                                                        plan  for
                                                                                                           plan   trading
                                                                                                               bybyplan     and
                                                                                                                     planbasis.   classified
                                                                                                                           basis.TheThe        as
                                                                                                                                          retirement
                                                                                                                                        retirement  FVTE.
                                                                                                                                                       benefits
                                                                                                                                                        benefitsassets
                                                                                                                                                                   assets
are
  arerecognized
       recognizedtotothe  theextent
                               extentthat
                                        thatthe
                                              theCompany
                                                   Companycan     canbenefit
                                                                        benefitfrom
                                                                                  fromrefunds
                                                                                        refundsorora areduction
                                                                                                             reductionininfuture
                                                                                                                             futurecontributions.
                                                                                                                                      contributions.Retirement
                                                                                                                                                        Retirement
  The Company has made the following classifications:
benefits
  benefitsplans
              plansthat
                     thatare
                           arefunded
                                fundedbybythe  thepayment
                                                    paymentofofinsurance
                                                                     insurancepremiums
                                                                                   premiumsare   aretreated
                                                                                                        treatedasasdefined
                                                                                                                        definedcontribution
                                                                                                                                  contributionplansplansunless
                                                                                                                                                          unlessthethe
  FVTE
Company
  Companyhas    hasananobligation
                         obligationeither
                                       eithertotopay
                                                   paythethebenefits
                                                              benefitsdirectly
                                                                           directlywhen
                                                                                     whenthey
                                                                                            theyfall  falldue
                                                                                                            dueorortotopay
                                                                                                                         payfurther
                                                                                                                              furtheramounts
                                                                                                                                       amountsif ifassets
                                                                                                                                                      assets
accumulated
  accumulatedwith   withthe
                          theinsurer
                               insurerdodonotnotcover
                                                  coverallallfuture
                                                               futureemployee
                                                                         employeebenefits.
                                                                                      benefits.InInsuch suchcircumstances,
                                                                                                                circumstances,the    theplan
                                                                                                                                          planisistreated
                                                                                                                                                    treatedasasa adefined
                                                                                                                                                                    defined
  Cash and cash equivalents, cash included in funds held for clients, derivative financial instruments and deferred compensation
benefit
  benefitplan.
             plan.
  plan assets within long-term financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period and the resulting
  Insurance
Insurance
  gains        policies
                policies
           or losses     are
                       are aretreated
                                treatedas
                            recorded     inas
                                            plan
                                              planassets
                                            the      assets
                                                 consolidatedofofa adefined
                                                                      defined
                                                                    statements   benefit  plan
                                                                                    of plan
                                                                               benefit                      proceedsofofthe
                                                                                                     theproceeds
                                                                                              if ifthe
                                                                                       earnings.                                 policy:
                                                                                                                            thepolicy:
  Amortized
    --  Can Cost
          Can
            only
              onlybebeused
                       usedtotofund
                                 fundemployee
                                      employeebenefits;
                                               benefits;
      - - Are
  Trade      Arenot
                 notavailable
           accounts   available
                     receivable,  totothe
                                        theCompany’s
                                             Company’s
                                      long-term          creditors;
                                                           creditors;
                                                    receivables       and
                                                                  withinand
                                                                          long-term financial assets, short-term investments in funds held for
  clients, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation and employee-related liabilities, long-term debt and
      - - Either
             Eithercannot
                    cannotbebepaid  paidtotothe
                                              theCompany
                                                   Companyunless
                                                               unlessthetheproceeds
                                                                             proceedsrepresent
                                                                                        representsurplus
                                                                                                    surplusassets
                                                                                                            assetsnot
                                                                                                                    notneeded
                                                                                                                        neededtotomeet
                                                                                                                                     meetallallthe
                                                                                                                                                 the
  clients’ funds obligations are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Financial assets classified at
            benefit
             benefitobligations
                     obligations    or or
                                        are
                                          area a
                                               reimbursement
                                                  reimbursement     for
                                                                  for  benefits
                                                                         benefitsalready
                                                                                   alreadypaid
                                                                                            paidby
                                                                                                 bythe
                                                                                                     theCompany.
                                                                                                         Company.
  amortized cost are subject to impairment. For trade accounts receivable and work in progress, the Company applies the
  simplified
Insurance     approach
              policies
  Insurancepolicies       tododonot
                        that
                      that     measure
                                    notmeet expected
                                          meetthe       credit
                                                 theabove
                                                      above    losses,
                                                           criteria are
                                                             criteria arewhich          non-current
                                                                                    asnon-current
                                                                            treatedas
                                                                          treatedrequires lifetime expected   lossand
                                                                                                    investments
                                                                                                      investments  allowance
                                                                                                                   andare
                                                                                                                        areheld    be
                                                                                                                               toatat
                                                                                                                            held       recorded
                                                                                                                                    fair
                                                                                                                                      fairvalue    upon
                                                                                                                                           valueasas long-
                                                                                                                                                       long-
  initial
term
  term    recognition
       financial
         financial    of in
                 assets
                   assets the   financial
                            inthe
                                the          assets.balance
                                   consolidated
                                      consolidated     balancesheets.
                                                                 sheets.




CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                  the
                                                    the years
                                                      years ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,
                                                                              30,
                                                                                2024
                                                                                  2024
                                                                                     and
                                                                                       and
                                                                                         2023
                                                                                           2023                                                                                              2220
                                                                                                                                                                                               22
                                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 91

Notes
Notesto
      tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2024
                                          2024and
                                                and2023
                                                    2023
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.       Summary
            Summaryofofmaterial
                        materialaccounting
                                 accountingpolicies
                                            policies(continued)
                                                     (continued)

DERIVATIVE
 DERIVATIVEFINANCIAL
 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            FINANCIALINSTRUMENTS
                       INSTRUMENTS
                         (CONTINUED)
                                  AND
                                   ANDHEDGING
                                       HEDGINGTRANSACTIONS
                                               TRANSACTIONS(CONTINUED)
                                                            (CONTINUED)
Hedges
 Hedgesofofnet
 FVOCI      netinvestments
                 investmentsininforeign
                                  foreignoperations
                                          operations
The
  Short-term
  The Company
       Companymay
               investments
                     may   use
                             use included
                                  cross-currency
                                    cross-currencyin current
                                                         swaps
                                                            swapsand
                                                                  financial
                                                                       andforeign
                                                                             foreign
                                                                               assets,   long-term
                                                                                       currency
                                                                                     currency      denominated
                                                                                                     denominated
                                                                                                       bonds    included
                                                                                                                     long-term
                                                                                                                        long-term
                                                                                                                              in funds
                                                                                                                                     debt
                                                                                                                                       debtto
                                                                                                                                           held
                                                                                                                                              to for
                                                                                                                                               hedge
                                                                                                                                                 hedgeclients
                                                                                                                                                         portions
                                                                                                                                                           portions
                                                                                                                                                               andofofthe
                                                                                                                                                                      long-term
                                                                                                                                                                           the
Company’s
  investments
  Company’s   net
                net
                  within
                    investments
                      investments
                            long-term  ininitsits
                                           financial
                                                U.S.
                                                   U.S.andassets
                                                           and European
                                                                  European
                                                                     are   measured      at fair
                                                                                 operations.
                                                                               operations.     Foreign
                                                                                                 Foreignthrough
                                                                                                   value  exchange
                                                                                                             exchange other
                                                                                                                          translation
                                                                                                                            translation
                                                                                                                               comprehensive
                                                                                                                                          gains
                                                                                                                                            gainsororlosses
                                                                                                                                                     income
                                                                                                                                                        lossesonon
                                                                                                                                                                andthethe
                                                                                                                                                                       are
                                                                                                                                                                         netnet
                                                                                                                                                                              subject
investments
  investments
  to impairmentandand
                    for
                      thethe
                          which
                             effective
                               effective
                                    the portions
                                        Company
                                            portionsofof uses
                                                            gains
                                                              gainstheoror
                                                                        low
                                                                         losses
                                                                           losses
                                                                              credit
                                                                                   onon
                                                                                      risk
                                                                                       instruments
                                                                                         instruments
                                                                                            exemption.   hedging
                                                                                                          hedgingthe   thenetnetinvestments
                                                                                                                                   investmentsare  arerecorded
                                                                                                                                                          recordedininother
                                                                                                                                                                          other
comprehensive
  comprehensiveincome. income.Gains  Gainsororlosses
                                                   lossesrelating
                                                              relatingtotothe theineffective
                                                                                   ineffectiveportion
                                                                                                  portionarearerecognized
                                                                                                                 recognizedininconsolidated
                                                                                                                                       consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                                                         statementsofof
  The unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Interest
earnings.
  earnings.When
             Whenthe    thehedged
                              hedgednet  netinvestment
                                                investmentisisdisposeddisposedof,of,the therelevant
                                                                                              relevantamount
                                                                                                         amountininother othercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                 comprehensiveincome   incomeisistransferred
                                                                                                                                                                     transferred
  income measured using the effective interest method and realized gains and losses on derecognition are recorded in the
totoearnings
     earningsasaspartpartofofthe thegain
                                      gainororlosslossonondisposal.
                                                              disposal.
  consolidated statements of earnings.
Cash
  Cashflow
         flowhedges
               hedgesofofuture    futurerevenue
                                            revenueand     andlong-term
                                                                   long-termdebt  debt
  Transaction costs are comprised primarily of legal, accounting and other costs directly attributable to the acquisition or
The
  issuance
  The majority
       majority
             of ofofthe
                financial
                      theCompany’s
                             Company’s
                               instruments. revenue
                                               revenue
                                                   Transaction
                                                          andandcosts
                                                                    costs
                                                                       costs
                                                                          are
                                                                            arerelated
                                                                                denominated
                                                                                  denominated
                                                                                         to  financial
                                                                                                   inin acurrency
                                                                                                         instruments
                                                                                                          currency   other
                                                                                                                        other
                                                                                                                            other
                                                                                                                              than
                                                                                                                                 than
                                                                                                                                    than
                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                        theFVTE
                                                                                                                                            Canadian
                                                                                                                                              Canadian
                                                                                                                                                   are dollar.
                                                                                                                                                         included
                                                                                                                                                           dollar.The
                                                                                                                                                                    Thethe
                                                                                                                                                                     in  risk
                                                                                                                                                                            riskof
                                                                                                                                                                               initial
                                                                                                                                                                                 of
foreign
  recognition
  foreignexchange
           exchange
                of thefluctuations
                          corresponding
                          fluctuations   impacting
                                            impacting
                                                 asset or  the
                                                             the
                                                               liability
                                                                 results
                                                                    resultsis
                                                                          and is are amortized
                                                                                 substantially
                                                                               substantially     mitigated
                                                                                                    mitigatedbyby
                                                                                                     using   effective
                                                                                                                  matching
                                                                                                                    matching
                                                                                                                           interest
                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                      method.
                                                                                                                                       Company’s
                                                                                                                                         Company’sTransaction
                                                                                                                                                       costs
                                                                                                                                                          costswith
                                                                                                                                                                 with
                                                                                                                                                                  costs
                                                                                                                                                                      revenue
                                                                                                                                                                        revenue
                                                                                                                                                                             related
denominated
  denominated
  to the unsecured
                 ininthe
                       thesame
                          committed
                             same    currency.
                                      currency.
                                         revolving  InIncertain
                                                          credit
                                                          certaincases
                                                                    facility
                                                                      casesare
                                                                             where
                                                                               where  there
                                                                                   included
                                                                                        thereisin
                                                                                                isa a
                                                                                                   other
                                                                                                     substantial
                                                                                                      substantial
                                                                                                           long-term
                                                                                                                   imbalance
                                                                                                                      imbalance
                                                                                                                          assets for and
                                                                                                                                       fora a
                                                                                                                                           are
                                                                                                                                            specific
                                                                                                                                              specific
                                                                                                                                                amortized
                                                                                                                                                       currency,
                                                                                                                                                         currency,
                                                                                                                                                             usingthe  the straight-
  Company
Company
  line      enters
       method enters
                 overintointoforeign
                         the    foreign
                               expected currency
                                          currency
                                              life      forward
                                                    of theforward    contracts
                                                                       contractstoto
                                                              underlying             hedge
                                                                                        hedgethe
                                                                               agreement.              variabilityininthe
                                                                                                  thevariability                                      exchangerates.
                                                                                                                                          currencyexchange
                                                                                                                              foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                         theforeign                                 rates.
  The
The   Company
       Company
  Financial    assetsalso
                      also
                         are usesinterest
                           uses     interestrate
                              derecognized    rate
                                                 ifandandcontractual
                                                     the   cross-currency
                                                             cross-currency   swaps
                                                                         rightsswaps
                                                                                to thetotohedge
                                                                                            hedge
                                                                                         cash      either
                                                                                               flows either
                                                                                                       from   the
                                                                                                            thethecash
                                                                                                                 cash           exposure
                                                                                                                             exposure
                                                                                                                         flow asset
                                                                                                                       flow
                                                                                                                   financial                         foreign
                                                                                                                                                   foreign
                                                                                                                                                thethe
                                                                                                                                          ororthe
                                                                                                                                       expire   or      asset is
exchange
  exchange    exposure
                exposure
  transferred and       theofofthe
                                 thelong-term
                             transfer long-term
                                        qualifiesdebt.
                                                     debt.
                                                     for   derecognition as substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
  asset have been transferred.
The
  Theeffective
       effectiveportion
                     portionofofthe
                                  thechange
                                       changeininfair fairvalue
                                                            valueofofthe
                                                                       thederivative
                                                                           derivativefinancial
                                                                                        financialinstruments
                                                                                                    instrumentsisisrecognized
                                                                                                                       recognizedininother
                                                                                                                                         othercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                                  comprehensive
  Fair
income value
  income and     hierarchy
            andthe theineffective
                        ineffectiveportion,
                                      portion,if ifany,
                                                     any,ininthe
                                                               theconsolidated
                                                                    consolidatedstatements
                                                                                   statementsofofearnings.
                                                                                                       earnings.The Theeffective
                                                                                                                          effectiveportion
                                                                                                                                      portionofofthe
                                                                                                                                                   thechange
                                                                                                                                                       changeininfair
                                                                                                                                                                   fair
value
  valueofofthe
             thederivatives
                   derivativesisisreclassified
                                     reclassifiedout  outofofother
                                                                othercomprehensive
                                                                       comprehensiveincome incomeintointothe
                                                                                                           theconsolidated
                                                                                                                consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                                  statementsofofearnings
                                                                                                                                                    earningswhen
                                                                                                                                                              when
  Fair value measurements recognized on the balance sheets are classified in accordance with the following levels:
the
  thehedged
      hedgeditem  itemisisrecognized
                            recognizedininthe theconsolidated
                                                     consolidatedstatements
                                                                       statementsofofearnings.
                                                                                        earnings.
       Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Cost
  Costofofhedging
             hedging
       Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, but that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
The
  TheCompany
       Companyhas     haselected
                            electedtotoaccount
                                         accountfor    forforward
                                                            forwardelement
                                                                      elementandandforeign
                                                                                     foreigncurrency
                                                                                               currencybasis basisspread
                                                                                                                    spreadofofforward
                                                                                                                                  forwardcontracts
                                                                                                                                           contractsand andcross-
                                                                                                                                                             cross-
       or indirectly; and
currency
  currencyswaps
              swapsasascostscostsofofhedging.
                                       hedging.InInsuch  suchcases,
                                                                 cases,the
                                                                         thedeferred
                                                                              deferredcosts
                                                                                         costs(gains)
                                                                                                 (gains)ofofhedging,
                                                                                                               hedging,net netofofapplicable
                                                                                                                                   applicableincome
                                                                                                                                                 incometaxes,
                                                                                                                                                          taxes,are
                                                                                                                                                                  are
  recognized
       Level as
recognized      3:asa aseparate
                         separate
                    inputs         component
                                     component
                             for the asset   or ofof    thethethat are
                                                   liability  accumulated
                                                                accumulated   other
                                                                        not based   comprehensive
                                                                               otheron comprehensive
                                                                                         observable          income
                                                                                                          income
                                                                                                         market      and
                                                                                                                      andreclassified
                                                                                                                   data.    reclassifiedininthetheconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                    consolidated
statements
  statementsofofearnings
                      earningswhenwhenthethehedged
                                              hedgeditem    itemisisderecognized.
                                                                     derecognized.
  DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
EMPLOYEE
  EMPLOYEE
  The Company    BENEFITS
                    BENEFITS
                      enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign
The
 TheCompany
      Company
 currency    operates
               operates
          exchange     both
                        bothdefined
                   risks.    definedbenefit
                                     benefitand
                                             anddefined
                                                 definedcontribution
                                                         contributionpost-employment
                                                                      post-employmentbenefit
                                                                                      benefitplans.
                                                                                              plans.
  The
The   cost
        costofofdefined
  Derivative      definedcontribution
                 inancial     contributionplans
                             instruments        plansisis
                                                are        charged
                                                            chargedto
                                                      initially          tothe
                                                                recognized   theat fair
                                                                                 consolidated
                                                                                   consolidated     statements
                                                                                                      statements
                                                                                            value at the      date of        earningsononthe
                                                                                                                      theofearnings
                                                                                                                            derivative             basis
                                                                                                                                                basis
                                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                                          contracts           contributions
                                                                                                                                                            contributions
                                                                                                                                                        ofofentered
                                                                                                                                                       are             into and are
payable
  payable   bybythe
  subsequently    theCompany
                       Companyduring
                     remeasured        during
                                        to     the
                                            theirthe year.
                                                       year.
                                                    fair value at the end of each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in the
  consolidated statements of earnings, unless the derivative is designated and is effective as a hedging instrument, in which
For
  Fordefined
       definedbenefit
                   benefitplans,
                             plans,the thedefined
                                             definedbenefit
                                                         benefitobligations
                                                                   obligationsare    arecalculated
                                                                                           calculatedbybyindependent
                                                                                                               independentactuariesactuariesusing
                                                                                                                                                usingthetheprojected
                                                                                                                                                              projectedunit unit
  event the timing of the recognition in the consolidated statements of earnings depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.
credit
  creditmethod.
           method.The  Theretirement
                             retirementbenefits
                                              benefitsobligations
                                                          obligationsininthe  theconsolidated
                                                                                    consolidatedbalancebalancesheets sheetsrepresent
                                                                                                                                representthe  thepresent
                                                                                                                                                   presentvalue
                                                                                                                                                              valueofofthethe
  The cash flows of the hedging instruments are classified in the same manner as the cash flows of the item being hedged.
defined
  definedbenefit
             benefitobligations
                       obligationsasasreducedreducedbybythe   thefair
                                                                   fairvalue
                                                                         valueofofplan planassets
                                                                                              assetsonona aplan planbybyplanplanbasis.
                                                                                                                                   basis.TheTheretirement
                                                                                                                                                  retirementbenefits
                                                                                                                                                                 benefitsassets
                                                                                                                                                                             assets
  arethe
are
  At recognized
       recognized
           inception       theextent
                         thea
                     totof       extentthat
                               hedge       thatthetheCompany
                                         relationship,  Company
                                                            the can   can
                                                                  Company   benefit
                                                                          benefit     from
                                                                                 formallyfromrefunds
                                                                                                refunds
                                                                                               designates orora a
                                                                                                               and reduction
                                                                                                                 reduction           future
                                                                                                                               ininfuture
                                                                                                                       documents              contributions.
                                                                                                                                            contributions.
                                                                                                                                       the hedge                 Retirement
                                                                                                                                                               Retirement
                                                                                                                                                     relationship     to  which the
  benefits
benefits
  Company   plans
              plans that
                wishes      are
                          are
                      thato     funded
                              applyfunded  bybythe
                                        hedge      thepayment
                                                        paymentof
                                                  accounting        of the
                                                                   and  insurance
                                                                      insurancerisk premiums
                                                                                          premiums
                                                                                      management's    are
                                                                                                        aretreated
                                                                                                              treatedasas
                                                                                                             objective       defined
                                                                                                                           and  efined    contribution
                                                                                                                                        contribution
                                                                                                                                 strategy for                      unless
                                                                                                                                                                 unless
                                                                                                                                                           plans the
                                                                                                                                                        plans
                                                                                                                                                 undertaking                 the The
                                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                                        hedge.
  Company
Company       has
  documentation hasanan obligation
                           obligation
                       includes      theeither
                                          eitherto  topay
                                          identification           benefits
                                                                 benefits
                                                             thethe
                                                        paytheof      nature directly
                                                                                  of  thewhen
                                                                                directly    whenthey
                                                                                            risk    theyfall
                                                                                                 being      fall
                                                                                                               due
                                                                                                           hedged,dueoror      pay
                                                                                                                          totopay
                                                                                                                        the                                   assets the
                                                                                                                                               amountsif ifassets
                                                                                                                                      furtheramounts
                                                                                                                                    further
                                                                                                                              economic      relationship     between
accumulated
  accumulated
  hedged     itemwithwiththe
                    and    theinsurer
                          the    insurerdodonot
                                hedging          not cover
                                                       coverallall
                                             instruments         future
                                                                   future
                                                               which       employee
                                                                             employee
                                                                        should      not be    benefits.
                                                                                           benefits.   InInsuch
                                                                                               dominated      such
                                                                                                               by      circumstances,
                                                                                                                     circumstances,
                                                                                                                    credit risk,           the
                                                                                                                                    the hedge     planisistreated
                                                                                                                                             theplan
                                                                                                                                                  ratio     treatedasasa
                                                                                                                                                        consistent     with   defined
                                                                                                                                                                           adefined
                                                                                                                                                                               the risk
benefit
  benefit plan.
  managementplan. strategy pursued and how the Company will assess the effectiveness of the hedging relationship on an ongoing
  basis.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
                 policiesarearetreated
                                  treatedasasplan planassets
                                                          assetsofofa adefined
                                                                          definedbenefit
                                                                                       benefitplan
                                                                                                 planif ifthe
                                                                                                            theproceeds
                                                                                                                  proceedsofofthe   thepolicy:
                                                                                                                                         policy:
  Management evaluates hedge effectiveness at inception of the hedge instrument and quarterly thereafter generally based on a
      - - Can  Canonly
                     onlybebeusedusedtotofundfundemployee
                                                     employeebenefits;
                                                                   benefits;
  managed hedge ratio of 1 for 1. Hedge effectiveness is measured prospectively as the extent to which changes in the fair
  value
      - - orAre
              cash
               Arenot
                    not
                     flows
                       available
                          available
                              of  thetotothe
                                       derivative
                                            theCompany’s
                                                 Company’s
                                                       offsets the
                                                                creditors;
                                                                  creditors;
                                                                      changes  andandin the fair value or cash flows of the underlying hedged instrument or
  risk when there is a significant mismatch between the terms of the hedging instrument and the hedged item. Any meaningful
      - - Either
               Eithercannot
                       cannotbebepaid  paidtotothe theCompany
                                                         Companyunlessunlessthe   theproceeds
                                                                                        proceedsrepresent
                                                                                                     representsurplus surplusassets
                                                                                                                                 assetsnot notneeded
                                                                                                                                                neededtotomeet meetallallthe
                                                                                                                                                                           the
  imbalance is considered ineffectiveness in the hedge and accounted for accordingly in the consolidated statements of
  earnings. benefit
               benefit   obligations
                       obligations      ororare
                                              are a areimbursement
                                                       reimbursement         for
                                                                           for     benefits
                                                                                benefits      already
                                                                                                already paidpaid bybythetheCompany.
                                                                                                                              Company.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
                 policiesthat
                            thatdodonot notmeet
                                             meetthe  theabove
                                                           abovecriteria
                                                                    criteriaare aretreated
                                                                                       treatedasasnon-current
                                                                                                     non-currentinvestments
                                                                                                                         investmentsand   andareareheld
                                                                                                                                                     heldatatfair
                                                                                                                                                                fairvalue
                                                                                                                                                                     valueasaslong-
                                                                                                                                                                                 long-
term
  termfinancial
         financialassets
                     assetsininthe  theconsolidated
                                         consolidatedbalance balancesheets.
                                                                         sheets.




 CGI
CGI      ––
      Inc.
    Inc.    Consolidated
           Consolidated   Financial
                        Financial   Statements
                                  Statements forfor the
                                                  the   years
                                                      years   ended
                                                            ended   September
                                                                  September   30,
                                                                            30,   2024
                                                                                2024   and
                                                                                     and   2023
                                                                                         2023                                                                                    2221
                                                                                                                                                                                   22
  92 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notesto
      tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2024
                                          2024and
                                                and2023
                                                    2023
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)

DERIVATIVE
 DERIVATIVEFINANCIAL
            FINANCIALINSTRUMENTS
                       INSTRUMENTSAND
                                   ANDHEDGING
                                       HEDGINGTRANSACTIONS
                                               TRANSACTIONS(CONTINUED)
                                                            (CONTINUED)
Hedges
 Hedgesofofnet
            netinvestments
                 investmentsininforeign
                                  foreignoperations
                                          operations
The
  TheCompany
       Companymay  mayuse usecross-currency
                                cross-currencyswaps swapsandandforeign
                                                                   foreigncurrency
                                                                             currencydenominated
                                                                                        denominatedlong-term
                                                                                                       long-termdebt
                                                                                                                   debttotohedge
                                                                                                                            hedgeportions
                                                                                                                                    portionsofofthe
                                                                                                                                                  the
Company’s
  Company’snet netinvestments
                    investmentsininitsitsU.S.U.S.and
                                                   andEuropean
                                                        Europeanoperations.
                                                                       operations.Foreign
                                                                                     Foreignexchange
                                                                                               exchangetranslation
                                                                                                          translationgains
                                                                                                                      gainsororlosses
                                                                                                                                 lossesononthe
                                                                                                                                             thenetnet
investments
  investmentsandandthe theeffective
                            effectiveportions
                                       portionsofofgains
                                                      gainsororlosses
                                                                 lossesononinstruments
                                                                               instrumentshedging
                                                                                             hedgingthe
                                                                                                      thenet
                                                                                                           netinvestments
                                                                                                                investmentsarearerecorded
                                                                                                                                   recordedininother
                                                                                                                                                  other
comprehensive
  comprehensiveincome.
                     income.Gains
                                Gainsororlosses
                                             lossesrelating
                                                     relatingtotothetheineffective
                                                                         ineffectiveportion
                                                                                      portionare
                                                                                              arerecognized
                                                                                                   recognizedininconsolidated
                                                                                                                   consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                                  statementsofof
earnings.
  earnings.When
             Whenthe  thehedged
                           hedgednet netinvestment
                                           investmentisisdisposed
                                                           disposedof,of,the therelevant
                                                                                  relevantamount
                                                                                            amountininother
                                                                                                        othercomprehensive
                                                                                                               comprehensiveincome
                                                                                                                                 incomeisistransferred
                                                                                                                                             transferred
totoearnings
     earningsasaspart
                   partofofthe
                             thegain
                                  gainororloss
                                            lossonondisposal.
                                                     disposal.
Cash
 Cashflow
       flowhedges
            hedgesofofuture
                       futurerevenue
                              revenueand
                                      andlong-term
                                           long-termdebt
                                                     debt
The
  Themajority
       majorityofofthe
                     theCompany’s
                          Company’srevenue
                                        revenueandandcosts
                                                        costsarearedenominated
                                                                     denominatedinina acurrency
                                                                                          currencyother otherthan
                                                                                                                thanthe
                                                                                                                      theCanadian
                                                                                                                            Canadiandollar.
                                                                                                                                        dollar.The
                                                                                                                                                Therisk
                                                                                                                                                      riskofof
foreign
  foreignexchange
          exchangefluctuations
                        fluctuationsimpacting
                                      impactingthe theresults
                                                        resultsisissubstantially
                                                                    substantiallymitigated
                                                                                    mitigatedbybymatching
                                                                                                     matchingthe  theCompany’s
                                                                                                                       Company’scosts costswith
                                                                                                                                             withrevenue
                                                                                                                                                   revenue
denominated
  denominatedininthe  thesame
                           samecurrency.
                                  currency.InIncertain
                                                certaincases
                                                          caseswhere
                                                                   wherethere
                                                                          thereisisa asubstantial
                                                                                       substantialimbalance
                                                                                                       imbalancefor  fora aspecific
                                                                                                                            specificcurrency,
                                                                                                                                      currency,thethe
Company
  Companyenters
             entersintointoforeign
                             foreigncurrency
                                     currencyforward
                                                forwardcontracts
                                                           contractstotohedge
                                                                          hedgethe thevariability
                                                                                        variabilityininthe
                                                                                                         theforeign
                                                                                                              foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                        currencyexchange
                                                                                                                                    exchangerates.
                                                                                                                                                rates.
The
 TheCompany
     Companyalso
              alsouses
                   usesinterest
                           interestrate
                                     rateand
                                           andcross-currency
                                                cross-currencyswaps
                                                               swapstotohedge
                                                                         hedgeeither
                                                                               eitherthe
                                                                                       thecash
                                                                                           cashflow
                                                                                                 flowexposure
                                                                                                      exposureororthe
                                                                                                                    theforeign
                                                                                                                         foreign
exchange
 exchangeexposure
          exposureofofthe
                        thelong-term
                             long-termdebt.
                                          debt.
The
  Theeffective
       effectiveportion
                   portionofofthe
                                thechange
                                    changeininfair fairvalue
                                                        valueofofthe
                                                                   thederivative
                                                                        derivativefinancial
                                                                                    financialinstruments
                                                                                               instrumentsisisrecognized
                                                                                                                recognizedininother
                                                                                                                                othercomprehensive
                                                                                                                                        comprehensive
income
  incomeand andthetheineffective
                       ineffectiveportion,
                                    portion,if ifany,
                                                  any,ininthe
                                                            theconsolidated
                                                                consolidatedstatements
                                                                                statementsofofearnings.
                                                                                                  earnings.The
                                                                                                             Theeffective
                                                                                                                  effectiveportion
                                                                                                                            portionofofthe
                                                                                                                                         thechange
                                                                                                                                             changeininfair
                                                                                                                                                         fair
value
  valueofofthe
             thederivatives
                  derivativesisisreclassified
                                   reclassifiedout outofofother
                                                             othercomprehensive
                                                                   comprehensiveincome incomeinto
                                                                                                intothe
                                                                                                      theconsolidated
                                                                                                          consolidatedstatements
                                                                                                                        statementsofofearnings
                                                                                                                                          earningswhen
                                                                                                                                                   when
the
  thehedged
      hedgeditem itemisisrecognized
                           recognizedininthe
                                           theconsolidated
                                                  consolidatedstatements
                                                                    statementsofofearnings.
                                                                                     earnings.
Cost
 Costofofhedging
          hedging
The
  TheCompany
       Companyhas haselected
                      electedtotoaccount
                                   accountforforforward
                                                  forwardelement
                                                            elementand
                                                                     andforeign
                                                                           foreigncurrency
                                                                                    currencybasis
                                                                                               basisspread
                                                                                                     spreadofofforward
                                                                                                                 forwardcontracts
                                                                                                                          contractsandandcross-
                                                                                                                                           cross-
currency
  currencyswaps
           swapsasascosts
                       costsofofhedging.
                                 hedging.InInsuch
                                               suchcases,
                                                      cases,thethedeferred
                                                                   deferredcosts
                                                                              costs(gains)
                                                                                     (gains)ofofhedging,
                                                                                                 hedging,net
                                                                                                          netofofapplicable
                                                                                                                  applicableincome
                                                                                                                                incometaxes,
                                                                                                                                        taxes,are
                                                                                                                                               are
recognized
  recognizedasasa aseparate
                    separatecomponent
                               componentofofthe  theaccumulated
                                                     accumulatedotherothercomprehensive
                                                                            comprehensiveincomeincomeand
                                                                                                       andreclassified
                                                                                                            reclassifiedininthe
                                                                                                                              theconsolidated
                                                                                                                                   consolidated
statements
  statementsofofearnings
                 earningswhen
                           whenthe thehedged
                                       hedgeditem itemisisderecognized.
                                                           derecognized.

EMPLOYEE
 EMPLOYEEBENEFITS
          BENEFITS
The
 TheCompany
     Companyoperates
             operatesboth
                      bothdefined
                           definedbenefit
                                   benefitand
                                           anddefined
                                               definedcontribution
                                                       contributionpost-employment
                                                                    post-employmentbenefit
                                                                                    benefitplans.
                                                                                            plans.
The
 Thecost
     costofofdefined
              definedcontribution
                      contributionplans
                                   plansisischarged
                                             chargedtotothe
                                                          theconsolidated
                                                              consolidatedstatements
                                                                            statementsofofearnings
                                                                                           earningsononthe
                                                                                                         thebasis
                                                                                                             basisofofcontributions
                                                                                                                       contributions
payable
 payablebybythe
              theCompany
                  Companyduring
                            duringthe
                                    theyear.
                                        year.
For
  Fordefined
       definedbenefit
                benefitplans,
                          plans,the
                                  thedefined
                                       definedbenefit
                                                 benefitobligations
                                                            obligationsarearecalculated
                                                                               calculatedbybyindependent
                                                                                                 independentactuaries
                                                                                                                  actuariesusing
                                                                                                                              usingthetheprojected
                                                                                                                                            projectedunit
                                                                                                                                                        unit
credit
  creditmethod.
         method.The Theretirement
                          retirementbenefits
                                       benefitsobligations
                                                  obligationsininthe theconsolidated
                                                                         consolidatedbalance
                                                                                         balancesheetssheetsrepresent
                                                                                                                representthethepresent
                                                                                                                                 presentvalue
                                                                                                                                            valueofofthe
                                                                                                                                                       the
defined
  definedbenefit
            benefitobligations
                    obligationsasasreduced
                                      reducedbybythe  thefair
                                                            fairvalue
                                                                 valueofofplan
                                                                            planassets
                                                                                 assetsonona aplanplanbybyplan
                                                                                                            planbasis.
                                                                                                                  basis.The
                                                                                                                          Theretirement
                                                                                                                                retirementbenefits
                                                                                                                                              benefitsassets
                                                                                                                                                         assets
are
  arerecognized
       recognizedtotothetheextent
                             extentthat
                                     thatthe
                                           theCompany
                                                Companycan    canbenefit
                                                                    benefitfrom
                                                                             fromrefunds
                                                                                   refundsorora areduction
                                                                                                    reductionininfuture
                                                                                                                    futurecontributions.
                                                                                                                            contributions.Retirement
                                                                                                                                              Retirement
benefits
  benefitsplans
            plansthat
                   thatare
                         arefunded
                              fundedbybythe thepayment
                                                paymentofofinsurance
                                                                 insurancepremiums
                                                                              premiumsare aretreated
                                                                                               treatedasasdefined
                                                                                                               definedcontribution
                                                                                                                         contributionplans
                                                                                                                                         plansunless
                                                                                                                                                unlessthethe
Company
  Companyhas  hasananobligation
                       obligationeither
                                    eithertotopay
                                                paythe
                                                     thebenefits
                                                           benefitsdirectly
                                                                      directlywhen
                                                                                whenthey
                                                                                      theyfall
                                                                                             falldue
                                                                                                   dueorortotopay
                                                                                                               payfurther
                                                                                                                     furtheramounts
                                                                                                                             amountsif ifassets
                                                                                                                                            assets
accumulated
  accumulatedwith withthe
                        theinsurer
                             insurerdodonot
                                          notcover
                                               coverallallfuture
                                                            futureemployee
                                                                    employeebenefits.
                                                                                 benefits.InInsuch
                                                                                               suchcircumstances,
                                                                                                       circumstances,the   theplan
                                                                                                                                planisistreated
                                                                                                                                          treatedasasa adefined
                                                                                                                                                          defined
benefit
  benefitplan.
           plan.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
            policiesare
                     aretreated
                          treatedasasplan
                                      planassets
                                           assetsofofa adefined
                                                         definedbenefit
                                                                 benefitplan
                                                                         planif ifthe
                                                                                    theproceeds
                                                                                        proceedsofofthe
                                                                                                      thepolicy:
                                                                                                          policy:
       --   Can
             Canonly
                 onlybebeused
                          usedtotofund
                                    fundemployee
                                         employeebenefits;
                                                  benefits;
       --   Are
             Arenot
                 notavailable
                     availabletotothe
                                    theCompany’s
                                        Company’screditors;
                                                   creditors;and
                                                              and

       --   Either
             Eithercannot
                    cannotbebepaid
                                paidtotothe
                                          theCompany
                                              Companyunless
                                                       unlessthetheproceeds
                                                                    proceedsrepresent
                                                                               representsurplus
                                                                                           surplusassets
                                                                                                   assetsnot
                                                                                                          notneeded
                                                                                                              neededtotomeet
                                                                                                                         meetallallthe
                                                                                                                                     the
            benefit
             benefitobligations
                     obligationsororare
                                     area areimbursement
                                             reimbursementfor
                                                            forbenefits
                                                                 benefitsalready
                                                                          alreadypaid
                                                                                  paidbybythe
                                                                                            theCompany.
                                                                                                Company.
Insurance
  Insurancepolicies
             policiesthat
                       thatdodonot
                                 notmeet
                                     meetthe
                                           theabove
                                               abovecriteria
                                                      criteriaare
                                                               aretreated
                                                                    treatedasasnon-current
                                                                                non-currentinvestments
                                                                                             investmentsand
                                                                                                         andare
                                                                                                             areheld
                                                                                                                 heldatatfair
                                                                                                                           fairvalue
                                                                                                                                valueasaslong-
                                                                                                                                           long-
term
  termfinancial
        financialassets
                  assetsininthe
                              theconsolidated
                                  consolidatedbalance
                                                balancesheets.
                                                          sheets.




CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                  the years
                                                    the years
                                                            ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,
                                                                              30,
                                                                                2024
                                                                                  2024
                                                                                     and
                                                                                       and
                                                                                         2023
                                                                                           2023                                                              2222
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 93

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
The actuarial valuations used to determine the cost of defined benefit pension plans and their present value involve making
assumptions such as discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in
assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
considers the interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be
paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.
The current service cost is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings under costs of services, selling and
administrative. The net interest cost calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liabilities or assets is
recognized as net finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting
change in benefits that relates to past services or the gains or losses on curtailment is recognized immediately in the
consolidated statements of earnings. The gains or losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognized when the
settlement occurs.
Remeasurements on defined benefit plans include actuarial gains and losses, changes in the effect of the asset ceiling and the
return on plan assets, excluding the amount included in net interest on the net defined liabilities or assets. Remeasurements
are charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD
The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2023:
Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8
In February 2021, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) amended IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in
Accounting estimates and Errors to introduce a definition of accounting estimates and to help entities distinguish changes in
accounting policies from changes in accounting estimates. This distinction is important because changes in accounting policies
must be applied retrospectively while changes in accounting estimates are accounted for prospectively.
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – Amendments to IAS 12
In May 2021, the IASB amended IAS 12 Income Taxes, to narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption so that it does
not apply to transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences.
The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12
On May 23, 2023, the IASB amended IAS 12 Income Taxes, to address the Pillar Two model rules for domestic
implementation of a 15% global minimum tax. The standard amendments introduced a temporary recognition exception in
relation to accounting and disclosure for deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the international tax reform, which
was applied as of that date.
Since March 31, 2024, the Company is subject to additional disclosure requirements on current tax expense related to Pillar
Two income taxes, as well as qualitative and quantitative information about the exposure to Pillar Two income taxes. The
Company has performed an assessment of its potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes based on the most recent
country-by-country reporting and financial statements for its constituent entities.
The Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12 had no significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                      23
94 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
The following standard amendments are effective as of October 1, 2024:
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Information about long-term debt with covenants –
Amendments to IAS 1
In January 2020, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, clarifying that the classification of liabilities as
current or non-current is based on existing rights at the end of the reporting period, independent of whether the Company will
exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability. Subsequently, in October 2022, the IASB introduced additional amendments
to IAS 1, emphasizing that covenants for long-term debt, regardless whether the covenants were compliant after the reporting
date, should not affect debt classification; instead, companies are required to disclose information about these covenants in
the notes accompanying their financial statements.
Supplier Finance Arrangements - Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7
In May 2023, the IASB amended IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to introduce
new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency on supplier finance arrangements and their impact on the
Company’s liabilities, cash flows and liquidity exposure. The new disclosure requirements will include information such as
terms and conditions, the carrying amount of liabilities, the range of payment due dates, non-cash changes and liquidity risk
information around supplier finance arrangements.
The implementation of these standard amendments will result in no impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.


The following standard amendments have been issued and will be effective as of October 1, 2026 for the Company, with
earlier application permitted. The Company will evaluate the impact of these standard amendments on its consolidated
financial statements.
Classification and measurement of Financial Instruments – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
In May 2024, the IASB issued Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments, which amend
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures. The standard amendments clarify that a financial
liability is derecognized on the settlement date, specifically when the related obligation is discharged or cancelled or expires or
the liability otherwise qualified for derecognition. Furthermore, they clarify the treatment of non-recourse assets and
contractually linked instruments and they introduce additional disclosures for financial assets and liabilities with contractual
terms that reference a contingent event, and equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income.
The new requirements will be applied retrospectively. An entity is required to disclose information about financial assets that
change their measurement category due to the standard amendments.


The following standard has been issued by the IASB and will be effective as of October 1, 2027 for the Company, with earlier
application permitted. The Company will evaluate the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.
IFRS 18 - Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
In April 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements which is set to replace IAS 1
Presentation of Financial Statements. The new IFRS accounting standard is aimed to improve comparability and transparency
of communication in financial statements. While a number of sections from IAS 1 have been brought forward to IFRS 18, the
standard introduces new requirements on presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and
subtotals. It also requires disclosure of management-defined financial performance measures used in public communications
outside financial statements and includes new requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of financial information based
on the identified roles of the primary financial statements and the notes. Retrospective application is required in both annual
and interim financial statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                     24
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 95

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


4.      Accounts receivable

                                                                                                            As at                           As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2024             September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                $                               $
 Trade (Note 32)                                                                                       1,117,712                      1,152,880
 Tax credits and R&D tax credits                                                                         149,955                        157,668
 Other                                                                                                   130,735                        114,569
                                                                                                       1,398,402                      1,425,117




5.      Funds held for clients

                                                                                                            As at                           As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2024             September 30, 2023
                                                                                                               $                               $
 Cash (Note 32)                                                                                         233,584                         269,792
 Short-term investments                                                                                  50,000                          80,000
 Long-term bonds (Note 32)                                                                              223,196                         138,935
                                                                                                        506,780                         488,727




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                   25
96 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


6.      Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                             Furniture,
                                                                         Land and         Leasehold       fixtures and      Computer
                                                                         buildings     improvements         equipment      equipment        Total
                                                                                  $                  $                $           $            $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2023                                                  81,381              256,804       149,271        620,371    1,107,827
  Additions                                                                 6,032               17,724        12,253         72,515      108,524
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27)                                  —                    96           196          1,086        1,378
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (10,236)             (27,142)      (19,273)       (86,710)    (143,361)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   3,353                5,768         2,754         17,057       28,932
As at September 30, 2024                                                   80,530              253,250       145,201        624,319    1,103,300
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2023                                                  26,979              165,260        94,710        431,602     718,551
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            2,550               28,974        12,988         90,306      134,818
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                        115                1,966           465            149        2,695
  Disposals/retirements                                                    (4,985)             (26,945)      (19,273)       (86,710)    (137,913)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   1,324                4,284         1,368         11,350       18,326
As at September 30, 2024                                                   25,983              173,539        90,258        446,697      736,477
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2024                               54,547               79,711        54,943        177,622      366,823


                                                                                                              Furniture,
                                                                          Land and         Leasehold       fixtures and     Computer
                                                                          buildings     improvements         equipment     equipment        Total
                                                                                  $                  $                $            $           $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2022                                                  77,371              262,972       152,083        598,725    1,091,151
  Additions                                                                 1,933               29,301        16,145        111,011      158,390
  Disposals/retirements                                                      (167)             (39,269)      (20,477)      (100,769)    (160,682)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   2,244                3,800         1,520         11,404       18,968
As at September 30, 2023                                                   81,381              256,804       149,271        620,371    1,107,827
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2022                                                  23,467              170,647       101,302        426,127      721,543
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            3,234               28,697        12,675         98,759      143,365
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                         —                 2,163           423             —         2,586
  Disposals/retirements                                                      (167)             (39,269)      (20,477)      (100,769)    (160,682)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                     445                3,022           787          7,485       11,739
As at September 30, 2023                                                   26,979              165,260        94,710        431,602      718,551
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2023                               54,402               91,544        54,561        188,769      389,276




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                   26
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 97

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


7.      Right-of-use assets
                                                                                       Motor vehicles and     Computer
                                                                         Properties                others    equipment           Total
                                                                                  $                     $            $              $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2023                                               1,022,910               199,501         38,943      1,261,354
  Additions                                                                46,289                41,968            208         88,465
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27)                               2,341                    —              —           2,341
  Change in estimates and lease modifications                              18,422                    —              —          18,422
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (81,524)              (46,014)       (29,942)      (157,480)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  34,574                 6,156            965         41,695
As at September 30, 2024                                                1,043,012               201,611         10,174      1,254,797
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2023                                                 644,021                 98,800        36,212        779,033
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                           89,198                35,507          1,910        126,615
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                     10,119                    —              —          10,119
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (80,766)              (41,970)       (29,942)      (152,678)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  21,285                 3,386            922         25,593
As at September 30, 2024                                                  683,857                95,723          9,102        788,682
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2024                              359,155               105,888          1,072        466,115



                                                                                        Motor vehicles and     Computer
                                                                         Properties                 others    equipment          Total
                                                                                  $                     $            $              $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2022                                               1,049,445               180,164         40,689      1,270,298
  Additions                                                                32,772                48,883          1,030         82,685
  Change in estimates and lease modifications                              13,940                    —              —          13,940
  Disposals/retirements                                                  (101,670)              (36,792)        (3,121)      (141,583)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  28,423                 7,246            345         36,014
As at September 30, 2023                                                1,022,910               199,501         38,943      1,261,354
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2022                                                 610,007                88,923         36,247        735,177
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                          103,249                36,988          2,793        143,030
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                      9,649                    —              —           9,649
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (94,676)              (31,700)        (3,121)      (129,497)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  15,792                 4,589            293         20,674
As at September 30, 2023                                                  644,021                98,800         36,212        779,033
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2023                              378,889               100,701          2,731        482,321




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                        27
98 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


8.      Contract costs

                                                                                      As at September 30, 2024                             As at September 30, 2023
                                                                                    Accumulated                 Net                       Accumulated              Net
                                                                                     amortization          carrying                        amortization       carrying
                                                                           Cost   and impairment            amount             Cost     and impairment        amount
                                                                              $                   $              $               $                     $            $
 Transition costs                                                     610,971            274,243       336,728         549,848                 250,847      299,001
 Incentives                                                             51,045             43,744           7,301        52,331                 42,886         9,445
                                                                      662,016            317,987       344,029         602,179                 293,733      308,446


9.      Intangible assets

                                                                                                                  Business
                                                                            Software           Business           solutions              Client
                                                                           internally          solutions          internally     relationships
                                                          Software        developed            acquired          developed        and backlog                   Total
                                                                  $                $                  $                   $                       $                 $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2023                                 228,673          110,225              90,139            841,740              1,248,069           2,518,846
 Additions                                                 50,534            7,720                  —             100,810                     —              159,064
 Business acquisitions (Note 27)                               69               —                   —                  —                 124,330             124,399
 Disposals/retirements                                    (26,301)          (5,806)             (9,672)           (20,221)                    —              (62,000)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                    3,203              931               1,309              5,968                 39,762              51,173
As at September 30, 2024                                  256,178          113,070              81,776            928,297              1,412,161           2,791,482
 Accumulated amortization and
  impairment
 As at September 30, 2023                                 175,238            75,187             67,954            474,462              1,102,902           1,895,743
  Amortization expense (Note 24)                           40,088            14,810              3,838             77,701                 49,304             185,741
 Impairment (Note 24)                                       1,439               131                 —              10,004                     —               11,574
 Disposals/retirements                                    (26,301)           (5,806)            (9,672)           (20,221)                    —              (62,000)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                    2,647               666              1,200              2,517                 34,819              41,849
As at September 30, 2024                                  193,111            84,988             63,320            544,463              1,187,025           2,072,907
Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2024                                                     63,067            28,082             18,456            383,834                225,136            718,575

                                                                                                                  Business
                                                                           Software            Business           solutions                   Client
                                                                           internally          solutions          internally          relationships
                                                           Software       developed            acquired          developed             and backlog               Total
                                                                  $                $                  $                   $                       $                 $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2022                                 238,940          104,486              78,580            734,021              1,231,393           2,387,420
 Additions                                                 33,963            9,130              19,811            111,894                     —              174,798
 Business acquisitions (Note 27b)                              —                —                   —                  —                  (8,951)             (8,951)
 Disposals/retirements                                    (49,103)          (3,900)             (9,002)                —                      —              (62,005)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                    4,873              509                 750             (4,175)                25,627              27,584
As at September 30, 2023                                  228,673          110,225              90,139            841,740              1,248,069           2,518,846
 Accumulated amortization and
   impairment
  As at September 30, 2022                                189,639            65,323             73,094            408,298              1,035,107           1,771,461
  Amortization expense (Note 24)                           30,475            13,421              3,274             69,053                 47,824             164,047
 Disposals/retirements                                    (49,103)           (3,900)            (9,002)                —                      —              (62,005)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                    4,227               343                588             (2,889)                19,971              22,240
As at September 30, 2023                                  175,238            75,187             67,954            474,462              1,102,902           1,895,743
Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2023                                                     53,435            35,038             22,185            367,278                145,167            623,103



CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                                        28
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 99

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


10. Other long-term assets

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2024   September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                $                     $
 Long-term prepaid services                                                                               24,061               28,674
 Insurance contracts held to fund defined benefit pension and life assurance
   arrangements - reimbursement rights (Note 17)                                                          19,675               19,458
 Retirement benefits assets (Note 17)                                                                     22,446                  836
 Deposits                                                                                                 13,503               15,634
 Deferred financing fees                                                                                   2,425                2,531
 Other                                                                                                    28,330               17,643
                                                                                                         110,440               84,776




11. Long-term financial assets

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2024   September 30, 2023
                                                                                                               $                     $
 Deferred compensation plan assets (Notes 17 and 32)                                                    112,270                88,076
 Long-term investments (Note 32)                                                                         24,209                17,113
 Long-term receivables                                                                                   10,114                20,774
 Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 32)                                                     2,644                22,005
                                                                                                        149,237               147,968




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                         29
100 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


12. Goodwill

The following tables present information on the Company's operations which are managed through the following nine operating
segments: Western and Southern Europe (primarily France, Portugal and Spain); United States (U.S.) Commercial and State
Government; Canada; U.S. Federal; Scandinavia and Central Europe (Germany, Sweden and Norway); United Kingdom (U.K.)
and Australia; Finland, Poland and Baltics; Northwest and Central-East Europe (primarily Netherlands, Denmark and Czech
Republic); and Asia Pacific Global Delivery Centers of Excellence (mainly India and Philippines) (Asia Pacific).
The operating segments reflect the current management structure and the way that the chief operating decision-maker, who is
the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, evaluates the business.
The Company completed the annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2024 and did not identify any
impairment.
The movements in goodwill were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                           Northwest
                                                  Western             U.S.                                                                                       and
                                                      and      Commercial                                    Scandinavia                      Finland,       Central-
                                                 Southern        and State                     U.S.           and Central     U.K. and     Poland and           East         Asia
                                                   Europe      Government        Canada     Federal               Europe      Australia        Baltics       Europe        Pacific       Total
                                                           $                $         $              $                   $            $                $              $          $           $
    As at September 30, 2023                     1,555,730       1,258,377 1,142,148 1,090,703                 1,383,316       896,809        604,885        532,129       260,353 8,724,450
    Business acquisitions (Note 27)                        —        42,055           —      397,406                      —           —             —              —             —      439,461
    Foreign currency translation adjustment         79,977          (2,175)          —          (3,813)           79,654         84,131        32,292         25,915        10,484     306,465
    As at September 30, 2024                     1,635,707       1,298,257 1,142,148 1,484,296                 1,462,970       980,940        637,177        558,044       270,837 9,470,376



Key assumptions in goodwill impairment testing
The key assumptions for the CGUs are disclosed in the following tables for the years ended September 30:
                                                                                                                                                                          Northwest
                                                                 Western               U.S.                                                                                     and
                                                                     and        Commercial                             Scandinavia                     Finland,             Central-
                                                                Southern          and State                       U.S. and Central         U.K. and Poland and                 East      Asia
    2024                                                          Europe        Government Canada              Federal     Europe          Australia    Baltics             Europe     Pacific
                                                                      %                    %             %          %                %            %              %                %         %
      Pre-tax WACC                                                  10.3              11.4          10.9          10.3             10.0         11.5           10.3            10.2       17.8
      Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1             2.0                  2.0        2.0           2.0              2.0          2.0            2.0              2.0       2.0


                                                                                                                                                                          Northwest
                                                                  Western               U.S.                                                                                    and
                                                                      and        Commercial                                  Scandinavia                 Finland,          Central-
                                                                 Southern          and State                      U.S.       and Central     U.K. and Poland and               East       Asia
    2023                                                           Europe        Government Canada             Federal           Europe      Australia    Baltics           Europe      Pacific
                                                                       %                   %              %          %                %            %              %               %         %
      Pre-tax WACC                                                   11.7             11.9           11.0         10.3             12.1          13.7           12.2           12.1       20.3
      Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1              2.0                 2.0         2.0          2.0               2.0          2.0            2.0             2.0       2.0

1
     The long-term growth rate is based on the lower of published industry research growth and 2.0%.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                                                                30
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 101

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


13. Provisions

                                                                                          Decommissioning
                                                                  Severances1                   liabilities2                 Others3                       Total
                                                                              $                           $                        $                           $
    As at September 30, 2023                                            5,719                       19,972                   18,472                     44,163
    Additional provisions                                              70,153                        1,326                   16,307                     87,786
    Utilized amounts                                                  (62,796)                      (1,367)                 (17,942)                   (82,105)
    Reversals of unused amounts                                        (1,587)                      (1,206)                  (3,366)                    (6,159)
    Discount rate adjustment and imputed
      interest                                                              —                          191                      301                         492
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                               514                        1,122                      609                      2,245
    As at September 30, 2024                                           12,003                       20,038                   14,381                     46,422
    Current portion                                                    11,797                        4,110                   11,564                     27,471
    Non-current portion                                                   206                       15,928                    2,817                     18,951
1
     See Note 25, Cost optimization program and Note 27c), Investments in subsidiaries.
2
     As at September 30, 2024, the decommissioning liabilities were based on the expected cash flows of $20,483,000 and were discounted at a weighted average
     rate of 1.16%. The timing of settlements of these obligations ranges between one and seventeen years as at September 30, 2024. The reversals of unused
     amounts are mostly due to favourable settlements.
3
     As at September 30, 2024, others included provisions on revenue-generating contracts, onerous supplier contracts mainly under the cost optimization program
     (Note 25) and acquisition-related and integration costs (Note 27c), as well as litigation and claims.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                                  31
102 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


14. Long-term debt
                                                                                                                              As at                         As at
                                                                                                                 September 30, 2024           September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                    $                               $
    2014 U.S. Senior Notes of $473,025 (U.S. $350,000)1                                                                            —                     473,808
    2021 U.S. Senior Notes of $810,900 (U.S. $600,000) repayable in September 2026 and of
      $540,600 (U.S. $400,000) repayable in September 20312                                                               1,342,758                    1,342,714
    2021 CAD Senior Notes of $600,000 repayable in September 20283                                                          597,212                      596,550
    2024 CAD Senior Notes of $300,000 repayable in September 2027 and of $450,000
      repayable in September 20294                                                                                          746,144                           —
    Unsecured committed term loan credit facility5                                                                               —                       676,886
    Other long-term debt                                                                                                      2,194                       10,363
                                                                                                                          2,688,308                    3,100,321
    Current portion                                                                                                             999                    1,158,971
                                                                                                                          2,687,309                    1,941,350

1
     In September 2024, the Company repaid the last two series of the senior unsecured notes issued in 2014 of U.S.$350,000,000 (2014 U.S. Senior Notes), for a
     total amount of $475,825,000, and settled the related cross-currency swaps (Note 32).
2
     The senior unsecured notes issued in 2021 of U.S. $1,000,000,000 (2021 U.S. Senior Notes) are comprised of two series of senior unsecured notes with a
     weighted average maturity of 4 years and a weighted average interest rate of 1.79%. As at September 30, 2024, these represent an amount of $1,351,500,000,
     less financing fees.
3
     As at September 30, 2024, an amount of $600,000,000 was borrowed, less financing fees. The senior unsecured notes issued in 2021 of $600,000,000 (2021
     CAD Senior Notes) are due in September 2028, with an interest rate of 2.10%.
4
     In September 2024, the Company issued senior unsecured notes (2024 CAD Senior Notes) for a total principal amount of $750,000,000, less financing fees.
     This issuance is comprised of two series of senior unsecured notes with a weighted average maturity of 4 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.08%.
5
     In December 2023, the Company repaid in full its unsecured committed term loan credit facility of U.S. $500,000,000, for a total amount of $670,350,000. The
     Company also settled the related cross-currency swaps (Note 32).


The Company has an unsecured committed revolving credit facility available for an amount of $1,500,000,000 that expires in
November 2028. This facility bears interest at variable reference rate benchmarks, plus a variable margin that is determined
based on the Company's leverage ratio. As at September 30, 2024, there was no amount drawn upon this facility. An amount
of $3,645,000 has been committed against this facility to cover various letters of credit issued for clients and other parties. On
October 30, 2024, the unsecured committed revolving credit facility was extended by one year to October 30, 2029 and can be
further extended. There were no material changes in the terms and conditions including interest rates and banking covenants.
The unsecured committed revolving credit facility contains covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial
ratios (Note 33). As at September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                                    32
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 103

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


15. Other long-term liabilities

                                                                                                                     As at                     As at
                                                                                                        September 30, 2024       September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                        $                         $
 Deferred revenue                                                                                                137,450                   112,370
 Deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note 17)                                                                124,447                    97,745
 Other                                                                                                             39,185                   33,477
                                                                                                                 301,082                   243,592




16. Income taxes
                                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                       2024                    2023
                                                                                                                             $                    $
Current income tax expense
 Current income tax expense in respect of the current year                                                         731,338                697,402
 Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the income tax expense (recovery) of prior
   years                                                                                                            12,998                (21,242)
Total current income tax expense                                                                                   744,336                676,160
Deferred income tax recovery
 Deferred income tax recovery relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                   (118,893)               (119,249)
 Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the deferred income tax (recovery)
    expense of prior years                                                                                         (27,207)                  9,753
Total deferred income tax recovery                                                                                (146,100)               (109,496)
Total income tax expense                                                                                           598,236                 566,664

The Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the combined Federal and Provincial Canadian statutory tax rate as
follows:

                                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                       2024                    2023
                                                                                                                             %                   %
 Company's statutory tax rate                                                                                          26.5                   26.5
 Effect of foreign tax rate differences                                                                                (0.3)                  (0.6)
 Final determination from agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations                   (0.3)                  (0.5)
 Non-deductible and tax exempt items                                                                                    0.3                    0.1
 Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                                          (0.3)                    —
 Minimum income tax charge                                                                                              0.2                    0.3
 Effective income tax rate                                                                                             26.1                   25.8




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                      33
104 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notes to
       to the
           the Consolidated
               Consolidated Financial
                            Financial Statements
                                      Statements
For
 Forthe
     theyears
         yearsended
               endedSeptember
                      September30, 30,2024
                                       2024and
                                            and2023
                                                2023
(tabular
 (tabularamounts
          amountsonly
                  onlyare
                       areininthousands
                               thousandsofofCanadian
                                             Canadiandollars,
                                                      dollars,except
                                                               exceptper
                                                                      pershare
                                                                          sharedata)
                                                                                data)


16.
 16. Income
      Incometaxes
             taxes(continued)
                   (continued)

The
 Thecontinuity
     continuityschedule
                scheduleofofdeferred
                             deferredtax
                                      taxbalances
                                          balancesisisas
                                                       asfollows:
                                                          follows:


                                                               Additions
                                                                 Additions                             Recognized
                                                                                                        Recognized                          Foreign
                                                                                                                                             Foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                                                      currency
                                                     AsAsatat       from
                                                                      from                                ininother
                                                                                                               other                              translation
                                                                                                                                                    translation       AsAsatat
                                              September
                                               September30,
                                                          30,   business
                                                                 business        Recognized
                                                                                  Recognizedinin    comprehensive
                                                                                                     comprehensive        Recognized
                                                                                                                           Recognized        adjustment
                                                                                                                                              adjustmentandand September
                                                                                                                                                                September30,
                                                                                                                                                                           30,
                                                      2023
                                                        2023 acquisitions
                                                              acquisitions           earnings
                                                                                      earnings             income
                                                                                                             income         ininequity
                                                                                                                                 equity                 other
                                                                                                                                                          other        2024
                                                                                                                                                                         2024
                                                          $$               $$                $$                   $$                 $$                      $$                 $$
Accounts
 Accountspayable
               payableand  andaccrued
                                accrued
  liabilities,
    liabilities,provisions
                 provisionsand andother
                                      other
  long-term
    long-termliabilities
                  liabilities                        43,673
                                                      43,673              ——             8,844
                                                                                          8,844                  ——                 ——                    683
                                                                                                                                                           683             53,200
                                                                                                                                                                            53,200
Tax
 Taxbenefits
       benefitsononlosses
                       lossescarried
                                carried
  forward
    forward                                          56,078
                                                      56,078              ——            (7,265)
                                                                                          (7,265)                ——                 ——                  2,367
                                                                                                                                                         2,367             51,180
                                                                                                                                                                            51,180
Accrued
 Accruedcompensation
              compensationand    and
  employee-related
    employee-relatedliabilities
                            liabilities              68,926
                                                      68,926              ——            12,102
                                                                                         12,102                  ——             (3,599)
                                                                                                                                  (3,599)               1,392
                                                                                                                                                         1,392             78,821
                                                                                                                                                                            78,821
 Retirementbenefits
Retirement   benefitsobligations
                      obligations                     27,243
                                                     27,243               ——                795
                                                                                           795                   (356)
                                                                                                               (356)                ——                     (648)
                                                                                                                                                         (648)              27,034
                                                                                                                                                                           27,034
Capitalized
 Capitalizedresearch
              researchand
                       and
 development
   development                                       92,880
                                                      92,880              ——            82,302
                                                                                         82,302                  ——                 ——                   (715)
                                                                                                                                                           (715)          174,467
                                                                                                                                                                           174,467
 Leaseliabilities
Lease   liabilities                                  169,288
                                                    169,288               ——             (16,919)
                                                                                       (16,919)                  ——                 ——                   4,110
                                                                                                                                                        4,110              156,479
                                                                                                                                                                          156,479
 PP&E,contract
PP&E,   contractcosts,
                 costs,intangible
                         intangible
  assetsand
 assets  andother
              otherlong-term
                     long-term
  assets
 assets                                              (123,717)
                                                   (123,717)              ——             49,457
                                                                                        49,457                   ——                 ——                   1,111
                                                                                                                                                        1,111               (73,149)
                                                                                                                                                                          (73,149)
 Right-of-useassets
Right-of-use  assets                                 (143,411)
                                                   (143,411)              ——             23,077
                                                                                        23,077                   ——                 ——                   (3,648)
                                                                                                                                                       (3,648)             (123,982)
                                                                                                                                                                         (123,982)
 Workininprogress
Work      progress                                    (14,372)
                                                    (14,372)              ——                (926)
                                                                                          (926)                  ——                 ——                     (323)
                                                                                                                                                         (323)              (15,621)
                                                                                                                                                                          (15,621)
 Goodwill
Goodwill                                              (87,259)
                                                    (87,259)              ——              (6,346)
                                                                                        (6,346)                  ——                 ——                       (77)
                                                                                                                                                           (77)             (93,682)
                                                                                                                                                                          (93,682)
 Refundabletax
Refundable   taxcredits
                 creditsonon
   salaries
 salaries                                             (22,568)
                                                    (22,568)              ——              (2,478)
                                                                                        (2,478)                  ——                 ——                     103
                                                                                                                                                          103               (24,943)
                                                                                                                                                                          (24,943)
 Cashflow
Cash   flowhedges
            hedges                                     (4,010)
                                                     (4,010)              ——             14,164
                                                                                        14,164                 5,374
                                                                                                              5,374                 ——                   (1,468)
                                                                                                                                                       (1,468)              14,060
                                                                                                                                                                           14,060
 Other
Other                                                 11,600
                                                     11,600               ——             (10,707)
                                                                                       (10,707)                (3,462)
                                                                                                             (3,462)                ——                     140
                                                                                                                                                          140                (2,429)
                                                                                                                                                                           (2,429)
 Deferredtaxes,
Deferred   taxes,net
                  net                                 74,351
                                                     74,351               ——            146,100
                                                                                       146,100                 1,556
                                                                                                              1,556               (3,599)
                                                                                                                                (3,599)                  3,027
                                                                                                                                                        3,027              221,435
                                                                                                                                                                          221,435



                                                                   Additions
                                                                    Additions                           Recognized
                                                                                                         Recognized                          Foreign
                                                                                                                                              Foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                                                       currency
                                                     AsAsatat           from
                                                                          from                             ininother
                                                                                                                other                              translation
                                                                                                                                                     translation           AsAsatat
                                              September
                                               September30,
                                                          30,      business
                                                                     business    Recognized
                                                                                  Recognizedinin     comprehensive
                                                                                                      comprehensive      Recognized
                                                                                                                          Recognizedinin      adjustment
                                                                                                                                               adjustmentandand     September
                                                                                                                                                                     September30,
                                                                                                                                                                                30,
                                                      2022
                                                        2022     acquisitions
                                                                  acquisitions       earnings
                                                                                      earnings             income
                                                                                                             income             equity
                                                                                                                                 equity                  other
                                                                                                                                                          other             2023
                                                                                                                                                                              2023
                                                          $$               $$                $$                   $$                 $$                      $$                 $$
Accounts
 Accountspayable
               payableand  andaccrued
                                accrued
  liabilities,
    liabilities,provisions
                 provisionsand andother
                                      other
  long-term
    long-termliabilities
                  liabilities                        40,214
                                                      40,214              ——             4,007
                                                                                          4,007                  ——                 ——                   (548)
                                                                                                                                                           (548)           43,673
                                                                                                                                                                            43,673
Tax
 Taxbenefits
       benefitsononlosses
                       lossescarried
                                carried
  forward
    forward                                          51,963
                                                      51,963              ——             2,928
                                                                                          2,928                  ——                 ——                  1,187
                                                                                                                                                         1,187             56,078
                                                                                                                                                                            56,078
Accrued
 Accruedcompensation
              compensationand    and
  employee-related
    employee-relatedliabilities
                            liabilities              51,136
                                                      51,136              ——            14,531
                                                                                         14,531                  ——              2,623
                                                                                                                                  2,623                   636
                                                                                                                                                           636             68,926
                                                                                                                                                                            68,926
Retirement
 Retirementbenefits
             benefitsobligations
                      obligations                    19,517
                                                      19,517              ——            (5,601)
                                                                                          (5,601)           13,078
                                                                                                             13,078                 ——                    249
                                                                                                                                                           249             27,243
                                                                                                                                                                            27,243
Capitalized
 Capitalizedresearch
              researchand
                       and
 development
   development                                           ——               ——            92,880
                                                                                         92,880                  ——                 ——                      ——             92,880
                                                                                                                                                                            92,880
Lease
 Leaseliabilities
        liabilities                                 171,072
                                                     171,072              ——            (5,750)
                                                                                          (5,750)                ——                 ——                  3,966
                                                                                                                                                         3,966            169,288
                                                                                                                                                                           169,288
PP&E,
 PP&E,contract
        contractcosts,
                 costs,intangible
                         intangible
  assets
   assetsand
          andother
               otherlong-term
                      long-term
  assets
   assets                                          (151,054)
                                                     (151,054)        2,540
                                                                       2,540            23,567
                                                                                         23,567                  ——                 ——                  1,230
                                                                                                                                                         1,230           (123,717)
                                                                                                                                                                           (123,717)
 Right-of-useassets
Right-of-use  assets                                 (132,757)
                                                   (132,757)              ——              (6,709)
                                                                                        (6,709)                  ——                 ——                   (3,945)
                                                                                                                                                       (3,945)             (143,411)
                                                                                                                                                                         (143,411)
 Workininprogress
Work      progress                                    (12,828)
                                                    (12,828)              ——              (1,283)
                                                                                        (1,283)                  ——                 ——                     (261)
                                                                                                                                                         (261)              (14,372)
                                                                                                                                                                          (14,372)
 Goodwill
Goodwill                                              (81,617)
                                                    (81,617)              ——              (6,653)
                                                                                        (6,653)                  ——                 ——                   1,011
                                                                                                                                                        1,011               (87,259)
                                                                                                                                                                          (87,259)
 Refundabletax
Refundable   taxcredits
                 creditsonon
   salaries
 salaries                                             (20,049)
                                                    (20,049)              ——              (2,517)
                                                                                        (2,517)                  ——                 ——                        (2)
                                                                                                                                                            (2)             (22,568)
                                                                                                                                                                          (22,568)
 Cashflow
Cash   flowhedges
            hedges                                    (10,398)
                                                    (10,398)              ——                 (55)
                                                                                           (55)                6,445
                                                                                                              6,445                 ——                        (2)
                                                                                                                                                            (2)              (4,010)
                                                                                                                                                                           (4,010)
 Other
Other                                                  3,190
                                                      3,190               ——                151
                                                                                           151                 9,339
                                                                                                              9,339                 ——                   (1,080)
                                                                                                                                                       (1,080)              11,600
                                                                                                                                                                           11,600
 Deferredtaxes,
Deferred   taxes,net
                  net                                 (71,611)
                                                    (71,611)           2,540
                                                                      2,540             109,496
                                                                                       109,496               28,862
                                                                                                            28,862                2,623
                                                                                                                                 2,623                   2,441
                                                                                                                                                        2,441               74,351
                                                                                                                                                                           74,351




CGI
 CGInc.
     Inc.––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                   Statementsfor
                                               forthe
                                                    theyears
                                                        yearsended
                                                              endedSeptember
                                                                    September30,
                                                                              30,2024
                                                                                  2024and
                                                                                       and2023
                                                                                           2023                                                                                  34
                                                                                                                                                                                  34
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 105

Notes
Notes to
      to the
         the Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements
For
 For the
      the years
          years ended
                ended September
                       September 30, 30, 2024
                                         2024 and
                                               and 2023
                                                   2023
(tabular
 (tabular amounts
           amounts only
                   only are
                        are in
                             in thousands
                                 thousands of
                                            of Canadian
                                               Canadian dollars,
                                                        dollars, except
                                                                 except per
                                                                        per share
                                                                            share data)
                                                                                  data)


16.
16. Income
     Income taxes
             taxes (continued)
                    (continued)

The
The deferred
    deferred tax
              tax balances
                  balances are
                           are presented
                               presented as
                                         as follows
                                             follows in
                                                      in the
                                                          the consolidated
                                                              consolidated balance
                                                                           balance sheets:
                                                                                   sheets:
                                                                                                                          As
                                                                                                                          Asat
                                                                                                                             at                          As
                                                                                                                                                         Asat
                                                                                                                                                            at
                                                                                                             September
                                                                                                             September30,
                                                                                                                       30,2024
                                                                                                                           2024             September
                                                                                                                                            September30,
                                                                                                                                                      30,2023
                                                                                                                                                          2023
                                                                                                                                 $$                            $$
 Deferred
 Deferredtax
          taxassets
              assets                                                                                                    242,567
                                                                                                                        242,567                       105,432
                                                                                                                                                      105,432
 Deferred
 Deferredtax
          taxliabilities
              liabilities                                                                                               (21,132)
                                                                                                                         (21,132)                     (31,081)
                                                                                                                                                       (31,081)
                                                                                                                        221,435
                                                                                                                        221,435                        74,351
                                                                                                                                                        74,351


As
 As at
     at September
           September 30,   30, 2024,
                                 2024, the
                                        the Company
                                            Company had had $195,358,000
                                                              $195,358,000 ($279,918,000
                                                                               ($279,918,000 as   as at
                                                                                                     at September
                                                                                                          September 30, 30, 2023)
                                                                                                                             2023) inin operating
                                                                                                                                         operating taxtax losses
                                                                                                                                                           losses
carried
 carried forward,
               forward, of
                         of which
                              which $39,077,000
                                     $39,077,000 ($104,113,000
                                                    ($104,113,000 as   as at
                                                                          at September
                                                                             September 30,  30, 2023)
                                                                                                2023) expire
                                                                                                         expire atat various
                                                                                                                     various dates
                                                                                                                              dates from
                                                                                                                                       from 2041
                                                                                                                                            2041 to  to 2043
                                                                                                                                                         2043
and
 and $156,281,000
       $156,281,000 ($175,805,000
                              ($175,805,000 as as at
                                                  at September
                                                      September 30, 30, 2023)
                                                                        2023) have
                                                                                 have no
                                                                                       no expiry
                                                                                           expiry dates.
                                                                                                   dates.As As atat September
                                                                                                                    September 30, 30, 2024,
                                                                                                                                        2024, aa deferred
                                                                                                                                                  deferred
income
 income tax     tax asset  of $46,564,000
                     asset of  $46,564,000 ($49,742,000
                                              ($49,742,000 as   as at
                                                                   at September
                                                                      September 30,  30, 2023)
                                                                                         2023) has
                                                                                                 has been
                                                                                                      been recognized
                                                                                                              recognized on on $180,647,000
                                                                                                                                $180,647,000
($187,865,000
 ($187,865,000 as       as atat September
                                September 30,30, 2023)
                                                 2023) ofof these
                                                             these losses.
                                                                    losses. The
                                                                             The deferred
                                                                                   deferred income
                                                                                              income taxtax assets
                                                                                                             assets are
                                                                                                                      are recognized
                                                                                                                           recognized onlyonly to
                                                                                                                                                to the
                                                                                                                                                    the extent
                                                                                                                                                         extent
that
 that itit isis probable
                 probable that
                            that taxable
                                  taxable income
                                           income will
                                                   will be
                                                        be available
                                                             available against
                                                                        against which
                                                                                  which the
                                                                                          the unused
                                                                                              unused tax tax losses
                                                                                                              losses can
                                                                                                                      can bebe utilized.
                                                                                                                               utilized.AsAs at
                                                                                                                                             at September
                                                                                                                                                 September
30,
 30, 2024,
     2024, the     the Company
                       Company had  had $14,711,000
                                         $14,711,000 ($84,739,000
                                                        ($84,739,000 as  as at
                                                                             at September
                                                                                September 30, 30, 2023)
                                                                                                   2023) ofof the
                                                                                                               the unrecognized
                                                                                                                    unrecognized operating
                                                                                                                                      operating tax
                                                                                                                                                  tax losses
                                                                                                                                                        losses
that
 that have
        have no   no expiry
                      expiry dates
                               dates and
                                      and none
                                           none will
                                                 will expire
                                                      expire ($7,314,000
                                                               ($7,314,000 as as at
                                                                                  at September
                                                                                     September 30, 30, 2023).
                                                                                                        2023).
As
 As at
    at September
       September 30, 30, 2024,
                          2024, the
                                 the Company
                                      Company had      $470,177,000 ($424,736,000
                                                   had $470,177,000   ($424,736,000 asas at
                                                                                          at September
                                                                                             September 30,30, 2023)
                                                                                                               2023) in
                                                                                                                      in non-operating
                                                                                                                         non-operating tax
                                                                                                                                         tax
losses
 losses carried
         carried forward
                  forward that
                           that have
                                have no no expiry
                                            expiry dates.
                                                    dates.As at September
                                                          As at September 30,
                                                                            30, 2024,
                                                                                2024, aa deferred
                                                                                          deferred income
                                                                                                    income tax
                                                                                                             tax asset
                                                                                                                 asset ofof $4,616,000
                                                                                                                            $4,616,000
($6,336,000
 ($6,336,000 asas at
                   at September
                      September 30, 30, 2023)
                                          2023) has
                                                has been
                                                     been recognized
                                                           recognized on
                                                                       on $17,869,000
                                                                          $17,869,000 ($24,806,000
                                                                                         ($24,806,000 as as at
                                                                                                            at September
                                                                                                                September 30, 30, 2023)
                                                                                                                                  2023) of
                                                                                                                                        of
these
 these losses.
        losses.As
                As atat September
                        September 30,30, 2024,
                                           2024, the
                                                  the Company
                                                      Company hadhad $452,308,000
                                                                     $452,308,000 ($399,930,000
                                                                                   ($399,930,000 as   as at
                                                                                                         at September
                                                                                                            September 30, 30, 2023)
                                                                                                                               2023) of
                                                                                                                                     of
unrecognized
 unrecognized non-operating
                 non-operating tax tax losses.
                                        losses.
As
 As at
     at September
        September 30,  30, 2024,
                             2024, the
                                     the Company
                                           Company had  had $1,315,252,000
                                                              $1,315,252,000 ($1,365,975,000
                                                                                ($1,365,975,000 as     as atat September
                                                                                                               September 30,30, 2023)
                                                                                                                                  2023) of
                                                                                                                                         of cash
                                                                                                                                             cash and
                                                                                                                                                   and cash
                                                                                                                                                       cash
equivalents
 equivalents heldheld by
                       by foreign
                           foreign subsidiaries.
                                     subsidiaries. TheThe tax
                                                            tax implications
                                                                 implications of
                                                                               of the
                                                                                   the repatriation
                                                                                         repatriation ofof cash
                                                                                                           cash and
                                                                                                                 and cash
                                                                                                                     cash equivalents
                                                                                                                             equivalents not not considered
                                                                                                                                                 considered
indefinitely
 indefinitely reinvested
                reinvested havehave been
                                      been accounted
                                             accounted for for and
                                                                and will
                                                                     will not
                                                                          not materially
                                                                              materially affect
                                                                                            affect the
                                                                                                    the Company’s
                                                                                                        Company’s liquidity.
                                                                                                                      liquidity. In
                                                                                                                                  In addition,
                                                                                                                                     addition, the
                                                                                                                                                the Company
                                                                                                                                                    Company
has
 has not
       not recorded
            recorded deferred
                       deferred tax tax liabilities
                                         liabilities on
                                                     on undistributed
                                                         undistributed earnings
                                                                          earningsof of $9,308,421,000
                                                                                         $9,308,421,000 ($8,262,337,000
                                                                                                              ($8,262,337,000 as   as at
                                                                                                                                      at September
                                                                                                                                         September 30, 30,
2023)
 2023) coming
         coming fromfrom its
                          its foreign
                               foreign subsidiaries
                                        subsidiaries as  as they
                                                             they are
                                                                   are considered
                                                                       considered indefinitely
                                                                                      indefinitely reinvested.
                                                                                                     reinvested. Upon
                                                                                                                   Upon distribution
                                                                                                                          distribution ofof these
                                                                                                                                             these earnings
                                                                                                                                                   earnings in
                                                                                                                                                             in
the
 the form
      form ofof dividends
                dividends or or otherwise,
                                 otherwise, the the Company
                                                     Company may  may be
                                                                       be subject
                                                                           subject toto taxation.
                                                                                         taxation.




CGI
CGIInc.
    Inc.––Consolidated
          ConsolidatedFinancial
                       FinancialStatements
                                Statementsfor
                                           forthe
                                               theyears
                                                   yearsended
                                                         endedSeptember
                                                              September30,
                                                                        30,2024
                                                                            2024and
                                                                                 and2023
                                                                                     2023                                                                      35
                                                                                                                                                                35
106 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits

The Company operates various post-employment plans, including defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as
well as other benefit plans for its employees.

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
The Company operates defined benefit pension plans primarily for the benefit of employees in the U.K., France and Germany,
with smaller plans in other countries. The benefits are based on pensionable salary and years of service and most of them are
funded with assets held in separate funds.
The defined benefit plans expose the Company to interest risk, inflation risk, longevity risk, currency risk and market
investment risk.
The following description focuses mainly on plans registered in the U.K., France and Germany:
U.K.
In the U.K., the Company has three defined benefit pension plans, the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme, the Logica U.K. Pension &
Life Assurance Scheme and the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan.
The CMG U.K. Pension Scheme is closed to new employees and is closed to further accrual of rights for existing employees.
The Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme is still open but only for employees who come from the civil service with
protected pensions. The Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan is closed to new employees and is closed to further accrual of
rights for existing employees. The plan was created to mirror the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme and was created for
employees that worked for National Grid and Welsh Water with protected benefits.
Both the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme and the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan are employer and
employee based contribution plans.
The trustees are the custodians of the defined benefit pension plans and are responsible for the plan administration, including
investment strategies. The trustees review periodically the investment and the asset allocation policies. As such, the CMG U.K.
Pension Scheme policy is to target an allocation up to a maximum of 65% to return-seeking assets such as equities; the
Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme policy is to invest 15% of the scheme assets in equities and 85% in bonds; and
the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan policy is to invest 10% of the plan assets in equities and 90% in bonds.
The U.K. Pensions Act 2004 requires that full formal actuarial valuations are carried out at least every three years to determine
the contributions that the Company should pay in order for the plan to meet its statutory objective, taking into account the
assets already held. In the interim years, the trustees need to obtain estimated funding updates unless the scheme has less
than 100 employees in total.
The new funding actuarial valuations of the three defined benefit pension plans described above are being performed as at
September 30, 2024 and the results are expected to be available by the end of the 2025 fiscal year. In the meantime, the
Company followed the last funding actuarial valuations from 2022 as at September 30, 2024:

     –     The actuarial valuation of the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme reported a surplus of $36,812,000. It specified that no
           supplementary contributions were required in order to reach the plan funding objectives. Since January 1, 2022, the
           Company did not contribute to the plan; and
     –     The actuarial valuation of the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme reported a surplus of $91,000. It
           specified that no supplementary contributions were required in order to reach the plan funding objectives. During
           fiscal 2024, the Company contributed an amount of $447,000 to cover service costs; and
     –     The actuarial valuation of the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan reported a surplus of $18,901,000. It specified that
           no supplementary contributions were required in order to reach the plan funding objectives. Since November 30,
           2019, the Company did not contribute to the plan.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                     36
                                                                                                                        FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 107

Notes
Notes to
      to the
         the Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements
For
 For the
      the years
          years ended
                ended September
                       September 30, 30, 2024
                                         2024 and
                                               and 2023
                                                   2023
(tabular
 (tabular amounts
           amounts only
                   only are
                        are in
                             in thousands
                                 thousands of
                                            of Canadian
                                               Canadian dollars,
                                                        dollars, except
                                                                 except per
                                                                        per share
                                                                            share data)
                                                                                  data)


17.
17. Employee
    Employee benefits
             benefits (continued)
                       (continued)

DEFINED
DEFINED BENEFIT
        BENEFIT PLANS
                PLANS (CONTINUED)
                       (CONTINUED)

France
France
In
 In France,
    France, the
             the retirement
                  retirement indemnities
                              indemnities are
                                           are provided
                                               provided in
                                                         in accordance
                                                             accordance with
                                                                         with the
                                                                               the Labour
                                                                                    Labour Code.
                                                                                              Code. Upon
                                                                                                      Upon retirement,
                                                                                                            retirement, employees
                                                                                                                        employees receive
                                                                                                                                   receive
an
 an indemnity,
     indemnity, depending
                depending on on the
                                 the salary
                                     salary and
                                            and seniority
                                                 seniority in
                                                            in the
                                                                the Company,
                                                                    Company, in
                                                                              in the
                                                                                  the form
                                                                                       form of
                                                                                            of aa lump-sum
                                                                                                   lump-sum payment.
                                                                                                             payment.

Germany
Germany
In
 In Germany,
     Germany, the
                the Company
                     Company has  has numerous
                                       numerous defined
                                                     defined benefit
                                                                 benefit pension
                                                                         pension plans
                                                                                    plans which
                                                                                           which areare all
                                                                                                        all closed
                                                                                                            closed to
                                                                                                                    to new
                                                                                                                        new employees.
                                                                                                                              employees. In    In the
                                                                                                                                                   the majority
                                                                                                                                                        majority
of
 of the
     the plans,
         plans, upon
                 upon retirement
                        retirement ofof employees,
                                        employees, the the benefits
                                                             benefits are
                                                                       are in
                                                                            in the
                                                                                the form
                                                                                     form of
                                                                                           of aa monthly
                                                                                                 monthly pension
                                                                                                            pension and
                                                                                                                     and inin aa few
                                                                                                                                  few plans,
                                                                                                                                        plans, the
                                                                                                                                                the
employees
 employees receive
               receive anan indemnity
                             indemnity inin the
                                             the form
                                                  form of
                                                        of aa lump-sum
                                                               lump-sum payment.
                                                                           payment. There
                                                                                        There areare no
                                                                                                     no mandatory
                                                                                                         mandatory funding
                                                                                                                       funding requirements.
                                                                                                                                  requirements. The  The plans
                                                                                                                                                          plans
are
 are funded
       funded by
               by the
                   the contributions
                       contributions made
                                        made by by the
                                                    the Company.
                                                        Company. In   In some
                                                                          some plans,
                                                                                  plans, insurance
                                                                                          insurance policies
                                                                                                       policies are
                                                                                                                 are taken
                                                                                                                      taken out
                                                                                                                              out toto fund
                                                                                                                                        fund retirement
                                                                                                                                              retirement
benefit
 benefit plans.
           plans. These
                  These do do not
                               not qualify
                                   qualify as
                                            as plan
                                                plan assets
                                                      assets and and are
                                                                     are presented
                                                                          presented as  as reimbursement
                                                                                            reimbursement rights,
                                                                                                               rights, unless
                                                                                                                        unless they
                                                                                                                                  they are
                                                                                                                                         are part
                                                                                                                                             part ofof aa
reinsured
 reinsured support
              support fund
                       fund oror are
                                 are pledged
                                     pledged to to the
                                                    the employees.
                                                        employees.
The
The following
     following tables
                tables present
                       present amounts
                               amounts for
                                        for post-employment
                                            post-employment benefits
                                                            benefits plans
                                                                     plans included
                                                                            included in
                                                                                      in the
                                                                                          the consolidated
                                                                                              consolidated balance
                                                                                                           balance sheets:
                                                                                                                   sheets:


As
Asat
   atSeptember
     September30,
               30,2024
                   2024                                                            U.K.
                                                                                   U.K.           France
                                                                                                  France         Germany
                                                                                                                 Germany              Other
                                                                                                                                      Other             Total
                                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                      $$                $$               $$                $$               $$
 Defined
 Definedbenefit
          benefitobligations
                 obligations                                                 (620,308)
                                                                              (620,308)         (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (74,715)
                                                                                                                   (74,715)       (107,559)
                                                                                                                                   (107,559)       (897,948)
                                                                                                                                                    (897,948)
 Fair
 Fairvalue
      valueof
            ofplan
              planassets
                   assets                                                     642,538
                                                                               642,538                —
                                                                                                      —            12,599
                                                                                                                    12,599           74,891
                                                                                                                                      74,891        730,028
                                                                                                                                                     730,028
                                                                                22,230
                                                                                22,230          (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (62,116)
                                                                                                                   (62,116)         (32,668)
                                                                                                                                     (32,668)      (167,920)
                                                                                                                                                    (167,920)
 Fair
 Fairvalue
      valueof
           ofreimbursement
              reimbursementrights
                            rights                                                  ——                —
                                                                                                      —            19,300
                                                                                                                    19,300              375
                                                                                                                                         375          19,675
                                                                                                                                                      19,675
 Net
 Netasset
     asset(liability)
           (liability)recognized
                       recognizedin
                                  inthe
                                     thebalance
                                        balancesheet
                                                sheet                          22,230
                                                                               22,230           (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (42,816)
                                                                                                                   (42,816)        (32,293)
                                                                                                                                    (32,293)       (148,245)
                                                                                                                                                    (148,245)

 Presented
 Presentedas: as:
 Other
 Otherlong-term
         long-termassets
                    assets(Note
                            (Note10)
                                  10)
  Insurance
   Insurancecontracts
               contractsheld
                         heldtotofund
                                  funddefined
                                      defined
    benefit
     benefitpension
            pensionandandlife
                          lifeassurance
                              assurance
    arrangements
     arrangements--reimbursement
                     reimbursementrights
                                       rights                                      ——                 —
                                                                                                      —            19,300
                                                                                                                   19,300              375
                                                                                                                                       375            19,675
                                                                                                                                                      19,675
  Retirement
   Retirementbenefits
                benefitsassets
                        assets                                                 22,230
                                                                               22,230                 —
                                                                                                      —                ——              216
                                                                                                                                       216            22,446
                                                                                                                                                      22,446
 Retirement
 Retirementbenefits
            benefitsobligations
                    obligations                                                      —
                                                                                     —          (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (62,116)
                                                                                                                   (62,116)        (32,884)
                                                                                                                                    (32,884)       (190,366)
                                                                                                                                                    (190,366)
                                                                               22,230
                                                                               22,230           (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (42,816)
                                                                                                                   (42,816)        (32,293)
                                                                                                                                    (32,293)       (148,245)
                                                                                                                                                    (148,245)




As
Asat
   atSeptember
     September30,
               30,2023
                   2023                                                            U.K.
                                                                                   U.K.           France
                                                                                                  France         Germany
                                                                                                                 Germany              Other
                                                                                                                                      Other              Total
                                                                                                                                                          Total

                                                                                      $$                $$               $$                $$               $$

 Defined
 Definedbenefit
          benefitobligations
                 obligations                                                 (535,633)
                                                                              (535,633)         (78,612)
                                                                                                 (78,612)         (67,706)
                                                                                                                   (67,706)        (92,703)
                                                                                                                                    (92,703)       (774,654)
                                                                                                                                                    (774,654)
 Fair
 Fairvalue
      valueof
            ofplan
              planassets
                   assets                                                     536,226
                                                                               536,226                —
                                                                                                      —            11,747
                                                                                                                    11,747          64,138
                                                                                                                                     64,138         612,111
                                                                                                                                                     612,111
                                                                                  593
                                                                                   593          (78,612)
                                                                                                 (78,612)         (55,959)
                                                                                                                   (55,959)        (28,565)
                                                                                                                                    (28,565)       (162,543)
                                                                                                                                                    (162,543)
 Fair
 Fairvalue
      valueof
           ofreimbursement
              reimbursementrights
                            rights                                                  —
                                                                                    —                 —
                                                                                                      —            19,082
                                                                                                                    19,082             376
                                                                                                                                        376           19,458
                                                                                                                                                      19,458
 Net
 Netasset
     asset(liability)
           (liability)recognized
                       recognizedin
                                  inthe
                                     thebalance
                                        balancesheet
                                                sheet                              593
                                                                                   593          (78,612)
                                                                                                 (78,612)         (36,877)
                                                                                                                   (36,877)        (28,189)
                                                                                                                                    (28,189)       (143,085)
                                                                                                                                                    (143,085)

 Presented
 Presentedas:
           as:
 Other
 Otherlong-term
         long-termassets
                   assets(Note
                           (Note10)
                                 10)
  Insurance
   Insurancecontracts
              contractsheld
                       heldto tofund
                                 funddefined
                                     defined
    benefit
     benefitpension
            pensionand
                     andlife
                         lifeassurance
                             assurance
    arrangements
     arrangements--reimbursement
                    reimbursementrights
                                      rights                                         —
                                                                                     —                —
                                                                                                      —            19,082
                                                                                                                   19,082              376
                                                                                                                                       376            19,458
                                                                                                                                                      19,458
  Retirementbenefits
  Retirement benefitsassets
                     assets                                                        593
                                                                                   593                —
                                                                                                      —                 —
                                                                                                                        —              243
                                                                                                                                       243               836
                                                                                                                                                         836
 Retirementbenefits
 Retirement benefitsobligations
                    obligations                                                      —
                                                                                     —           (78,612)
                                                                                                (78,612)           (55,959)
                                                                                                                  (55,959)          (28,808)
                                                                                                                                   (28,808)         (163,379)
                                                                                                                                                   (163,379)
                                                                                   593
                                                                                   593           (78,612)
                                                                                                (78,612)           (36,877)
                                                                                                                  (36,877)          (28,189)
                                                                                                                                   (28,189)         (143,085)
                                                                                                                                                   (143,085)




CGI
CGIInc.
    Inc.––Consolidated
          ConsolidatedFinancial
                       FinancialStatements
                                Statementsfor
                                           forthe
                                               theyears
                                                   yearsended
                                                         endedSeptember
                                                              September30,
                                                                        30,2024
                                                                            2024and
                                                                                 and2023
                                                                                     2023                                                                    37
                                                                                                                                                              37
108 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

    Defined benefit obligations                                              U.K.              France   Germany      Other       Total
                                                                                $                  $          $          $          $

    As at September 30, 2023                                            535,633            78,612        67,706     92,703    774,654
     Current service cost                                                    946               6,114       373       6,732     14,165
     Interest cost                                                       30,561                3,378      2,738      5,009     41,686
     Actuarial losses due to change in financial
      assumptions1                                                       29,444            10,088         4,948      3,405     47,885
     Actuarial losses due to change in
      demographic assumptions1                                                —                  111         —        338        449
     Actuarial (gains) losses due to experience1                          (1,222)          (5,100)         (787)      794      (6,315)
     Plan participant contributions                                           86               —             —        162         248
     Benefits paid from the plan                                        (27,712)                  —        (503)    (3,536)   (31,751)
     Benefits paid directly by employer                                       —            (2,033)       (3,192)      (496)    (5,721)
     Foreign currency translation adjustment1                            52,572                4,196      3,432      2,448     62,648
    As at September 30, 2024                                            620,308            95,366        74,715    107,559    897,948
     Defined benefit obligations of unfunded
     plans                                                                    —            95,366            —      21,600    116,966
     Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                        620,308                   —      74,715     85,959    780,982
    As at September 30, 2024                                            620,308            95,366        74,715    107,559    897,948




    Defined benefit obligations                                              U.K.              France   Germany      Other       Total
                                                                                $                  $          $          $          $

    As at September 30, 2022                                            525,262            77,477        61,420     85,784    749,943
    Current service cost                                                     997               6,106       379       6,251     13,733
    Interest cost                                                        27,445                3,093      2,600      4,414     37,552
    Past service cost                                                        —                  (288)        —          —        (288)
     Actuarial (gains) losses due to change in
      financial assumptions1                                            (54,598)           (4,575)           65     (1,581)   (60,689)
     Actuarial (gains) losses due to change in
      demographic assumptions1                                          (12,077)                  88         —           2    (11,987)
                                                 1
     Actuarial losses (gains) due to experience                          33,349            (6,035)        2,571      3,496     33,381
     Plan participant contributions                                           76                  —          —        170        246
     Benefits paid from the plan                                        (26,527)                  —        (229)    (4,359)   (31,115)
     Benefits paid directly by employer                                       —            (2,565)       (2,992)      (747)    (6,304)
     Foreign currency translation adjustment1                            41,706                5,311      3,892       (727)    50,182
    As at September 30, 2023                                            535,633            78,612        67,706     92,703    774,654
     Defined benefit obligations of unfunded
     plans                                                                    —            78,612            —      18,132     96,744
    Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                         535,633                   —      67,706     74,571    677,910
    As at September 30, 2023                                            535,633            78,612        67,706     92,703    774,654
1
      Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                        38
                                                                                                               FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 109

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                                     U.K.              France   Germany        Other        Total
                                                                                $                  $          $            $           $
    As at September 30, 2023                                            536,226                   —      30,829      64,514      631,569
    Interest income on plan assets                                       30,573                   —       1,300       3,712       35,585
    Employer contributions                                                   426               2,033      2,804       7,714       12,977
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                          50,973                   —        (906)      1,579       51,646
    Plan participant contributions                                            86                  —          —          162         248
    Benefits paid from the plan                                         (27,712)                  —        (503)      (3,536)    (31,751)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                        —            (2,033)       (3,192)       (496)      (5,721)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                            (1,462)                 —          —            —       (1,462)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                             53,428                   —       1,567       1,617       56,612
    As at September 30, 2024                                            642,538                   —      31,899      75,266      749,703
    Plan assets                                                         642,538                   —      12,599      74,891      730,028
    Reimbursement rights                                                      —                   —      19,300         375       19,675
    As at September 30, 2024                                            642,538                   —      31,899      75,266      749,703




    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                                     U.K.              France   Germany        Other        Total
                                                                                $                  $          $            $           $
    As at September 30, 2022                                            571,909                   —      29,523      59,414      660,846
    Interest income on plan assets                                       29,902                   —       1,283       3,370       34,555
    Employer contributions                                                   339               2,565      2,983       6,744       12,631
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                         (84,003)                  —      (1,668)         (12)    (85,683)
    Plan participant contributions                                            76                  —          —          170         246
    Benefits paid from the plan                                         (26,527)                  —        (229)      (4,359)    (31,115)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                        —            (2,565)       (2,992)       (747)      (6,304)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                            (1,779)                 —          —            (5)     (1,784)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                             46,309                   —       1,929          (61)     48,177
    As at September 30, 2023                                            536,226                   —      30,829      64,514      631,569
    Plan assets                                                         536,226                   —      11,747      64,138      612,111
    Reimbursement rights                                                      —                   —      19,082         376       19,458
    As at September 30, 2023                                            536,226                   —      30,829      64,514      631,569
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                           39
110 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notes to
      to the
         the Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements
For
 For the
      the years
          years ended
                ended September
                       September 30, 30, 2024
                                         2024 and
                                               and 2023
                                                   2023
(tabular
 (tabular amounts
           amounts only
                   only are
                        are in
                             in thousands
                                 thousands of
                                            of Canadian
                                               Canadian dollars,
                                                        dollars, except
                                                                 except per
                                                                        per share
                                                                            share data)
                                                                                  data)


17.
17. Employee
    Employee benefits
             benefits (continued)
                       (continued)

DEFINED
DEFINED BENEFIT
        BENEFIT PLANS
                PLANS (CONTINUED)
                       (CONTINUED)
The
The plan
    plan assets
         assets at
                at the
                    the end
                        end of
                            of the
                                the years
                                    years consist
                                          consist of:
                                                  of:

 As
 Asat
    atSeptember
      September30,
                30,2024
                    2024                                                                  U.K.
                                                                                          U.K.              Germany
                                                                                                            Germany                   Other
                                                                                                                                      Other                  Total
                                                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                              $$                    $$                      $$                   $$
 Quoted
 Quotedequities
         equities                                                                    260,103
                                                                                     260,103                     ——                     ——               260,103
                                                                                                                                                         260,103
 Quoted
 Quotedbonds
         bonds                                                                       158,739
                                                                                     158,739                     ——                     ——               158,739
                                                                                                                                                         158,739
 Cash
 Cash                                                                                  3,123
                                                                                       3,123                     ——                     68
                                                                                                                                        68                 3,191
                                                                                                                                                           3,191
 Other11
 Other                                                                               220,573
                                                                                     220,573                 12,599
                                                                                                             12,599                 74,823
                                                                                                                                    74,823               307,995
                                                                                                                                                         307,995
                                                                                     642,538
                                                                                     642,538                 12,599
                                                                                                             12,599                 74,891
                                                                                                                                    74,891               730,028
                                                                                                                                                         730,028




 As
 Asat
    atSeptember
      September30,
                30,2023
                    2023                                                                   U.K.
                                                                                           U.K.             Germany
                                                                                                            Germany                   Other
                                                                                                                                      Other                   Total
                                                                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                              $$                    $$                      $$                   $$
 Quoted
 Quotedequities
         equities                                                                    205,130
                                                                                     205,130                     ——                     ——               205,130
                                                                                                                                                         205,130
 Quoted
 Quotedbonds
         bonds                                                                       139,584
                                                                                     139,584                     ——                     ——               139,584
                                                                                                                                                         139,584
 Cash
 Cash                                                                                  5,566
                                                                                       5,566                     ——                     76
                                                                                                                                        76                 5,642
                                                                                                                                                           5,642
 Other11
 Other                                                                               185,946
                                                                                     185,946                 11,747
                                                                                                             11,747                 64,062
                                                                                                                                    64,062               261,755
                                                                                                                                                         261,755
                                                                                     536,226
                                                                                     536,226                 11,747
                                                                                                             11,747                 64,138
                                                                                                                                    64,138               612,111
                                                                                                                                                         612,111

11
     Other
     Otherisismainly
              mainlycomposed
                     composedof
                              ofquoted
                                 quotedinvestment
                                        investmentfunds
                                                   fundsand
                                                         andvarious
                                                             variousinsurance
                                                                     insurancepolicies
                                                                               policiesto
                                                                                        tocover
                                                                                           coversome
                                                                                                 someof
                                                                                                      ofthe
                                                                                                         thedefined
                                                                                                             definedbenefit
                                                                                                                     benefitobligations.
                                                                                                                             obligations.


Plan
Plan assets
     assets do
            do not
               not include
                    include any
                            any shares
                                shares of
                                       of the
                                           the Company,
                                               Company, property
                                                        property occupied
                                                                 occupied by
                                                                          by the
                                                                              the Company
                                                                                  Company or
                                                                                          or any
                                                                                             any other
                                                                                                 other assets
                                                                                                       assets used
                                                                                                              used by
                                                                                                                   by the
                                                                                                                       the
Company.
Company.
The
The following
     following table
                table summarizes
                      summarizes the  expense11 recognized
                                  the expense    recognized in
                                                             in the
                                                                 the consolidated
                                                                     consolidated statements
                                                                                  statements of
                                                                                             of earnings:
                                                                                                earnings:

                                                                                                                                        Year
                                                                                                                                        Yearended
                                                                                                                                             endedSeptember
                                                                                                                                                  September30
                                                                                                                                                            30
                                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                                         2024                 2023
                                                                                                                                                               2023
                                                                                                                                             $$                   $$
 Current
 Currentservice
          servicecost
                  cost                                                                                                               14,165
                                                                                                                                     14,165                13,734
                                                                                                                                                           13,734
 Past
 Pastservice
       servicecost
               cost                                                                                                                      ——                  (288)
                                                                                                                                                              (288)
 Net
 Netinterest
      intereston
              onnet
                 netdefined
                     definedbenefit
                            benefitobligations
                                    obligationsor
                                               orassets
                                                  assets                                                                              6,101
                                                                                                                                      6,101                 2,998
                                                                                                                                                            2,998
 Administration
 Administrationexpenses
                 expenses                                                                                                             1,462
                                                                                                                                      1,462                 1,784
                                                                                                                                                            1,784
                                                                                                                                     21,728
                                                                                                                                     21,728                18,228
                                                                                                                                                           18,228

11
     The
      Theexpense
          expensewas
                   waspresented
                        presentedas
                                  ascosts
                                     costsof
                                           ofservices,
                                              services,selling
                                                        sellingand
                                                                 andadministrative
                                                                     administrativefor  anamount
                                                                                    foran  amountof
                                                                                                  of$14,165,000
                                                                                                     $14,165,000and
                                                                                                                 andas
                                                                                                                     asnet
                                                                                                                        netfinance
                                                                                                                            financecosts
                                                                                                                                    costsfor
                                                                                                                                          foran
                                                                                                                                              anamount
                                                                                                                                                 amountof
                                                                                                                                                        of$7,563,000
                                                                                                                                                           $7,563,000
     (Note
      (Note26)
            26)($13,446,000
                ($13,446,000and
                             and$4,782,000,
                                 $4,782,000,respectively
                                              respectivelyfor
                                                            forthe
                                                                theyear
                                                                    yearended
                                                                         endedSeptember
                                                                                September30,30,2023).
                                                                                                2023).




CGI
CGIInc.
    Inc.––Consolidated
          ConsolidatedFinancial
                       FinancialStatements
                                Statementsfor
                                           forthe
                                               theyears
                                                   yearsended
                                                         endedSeptember
                                                              September30,
                                                                        30,2024
                                                                            2024and
                                                                                 and2023
                                                                                     2023                                                                        40
                                                                                                                                                                  40
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 111

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

Actuarial assumptions
The following are the principal actuarial assumptions calculated as weighted averages of the defined benefit obligations. The
assumed discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality all have a significant effect on the
accounting valuation.

As at September 30, 2024                                                                        U.K    France    Germany                 Other
                                                                                                 %         %             %                  %

 Discount rate                                                                                 5.00     3.33        3.33                  5.06
 Future salary increases                                                                       0.31     4.10        2.50                  2.74
 Future pension increases                                                                      3.01       —         2.10                  0.31
 Inflation rate                                                                                3.15     2.00        2.00                  3.44


As at September 30, 2023                                                                        U.K.   France    Germany                  Other
                                                                                                 %         %             %                  %

 Discount rate                                                                                 5.60     4.20        4.06                  5.62
 Future salary increases                                                                       0.33     4.15        2.50                  2.76
 Future pension increases                                                                      3.20       —         2.10                  0.29
 Inflation rate                                                                                3.39     2.10        2.00                  3.46

The average longevity over 65 of an employee presently at age 45 and 65 are as follows:

As at September 30, 2024                                                                                          U.K.                 Germany
                                                                                                                          (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current employees
    Males                                                                                                         22.1                    21.0
    Females                                                                                                       23.9                    24.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current employees
    Males                                                                                                         23.5                    24.0
    Females                                                                                                       25.4                    27.0

As at September 30, 2023                                                                                          U.K.                 Germany
                                                                                                                         (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current employees
    Males                                                                                                         22.0                    21.0
    Females                                                                                                       23.8                    24.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current employees
    Males                                                                                                         23.4                    24.0
    Females                                                                                                       25.3                    26.0




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                41
112 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

Actuarial assumptions (continued)
Assumptions regarding future mortality are set based on actuarial advice in accordance with published statistics and
experience in each country. Mortality assumptions for the most significant countries are based on the following post-retirement
mortality tables for the year ended September 30, 2024: (1) U.K.: 100% of the mortality rates in 2019 Vita Curves plus
CMI_2020 projections model with a smoothing parameter (Sk) of 7.5, an Initial Addition (A) parameter of 0, nil weighting on
2020 data (w2020=0) and a 1.25% p.a. minimum long term improvement rate for both males and females, (2) Germany:
Heubeck RT2018G and (3) France: INSEE 2018-2020 (INSEE TVTD 2017-2019 for the year ended September 30, 2023).
The following tables show the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the principal actuarial assumptions:

As at September 30, 2024                                                                          U.K.     France              Germany
                                                                                                     $             $                     $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                        (18,334)    (2,927)                  (1,796)
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                         19,263      3,056                    1,874
 Salary increase of 0.25%                                                                          181      3,151                       23
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                         (179)    (3,029)                     (21)
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                      10,675         —                       948
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                      (9,287)        —                      (913)
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                            12,047      3,151                      948
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                           (11,798)    (3,029)                    (913)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                        15,309        664                    2,025
 Decrease of one year in life expectancy                                                       (15,478)      (710)                  (1,809)

As at September 30, 2023                                                                          U.K.      France              Germany
                                                                                                     $             $                     $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                        (15,631)    (2,370)                  (1,596)
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                         16,416      2,473                    1,663
 Salary increase of 0.25%                                                                          137      2,572                       23
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                         (132)    (2,474)                     (21)
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                       8,713         —                       834
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                      (8,503)        —                      (805)
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                            12,348      5,660                      834
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                           (11,948)    (5,110)                    (805)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                        12,614        943                    1,702
 Decrease of one year in life expectancy                                                       (12,801)    (1,258)                  (1,530)

The sensitivity analysis above has been based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the defined benefit obligations as
a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the year.
The remaining weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                           Year ended September 30
                                                                                                            2024                      2023
                                                                                                                       (in years)
 U.K.                                                                                                        13                         13
 France                                                                                                      17                         17
 Germany                                                                                                     10                         10
 Other                                                                                                        9                          9




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                             42
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 113

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The Company expects to contribute $8,616,000 to defined benefit plans during the next year, of which $369,000 relates to the
U.K. plans, and $8,246,000 relates to the other plans.

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
The Company also operates defined contribution pension plans. In some countries, contributions are made into the state
pension plans. The pension cost for defined contribution plans amounted to $296,470,000 in 2024 ($282,284,000 in 2023).
In addition, in Sweden, the Company contributes to a multi-employer plan, Alecta SE (Alecta) pension plan, which is a defined
benefit pension plan. This pension plan is classified as a defined contribution plan as sufficient information is not available to
use defined benefit accounting. Alecta lacks the possibility of establishing an exact distribution of assets and provisions to the
respective employers. The Company’s proportion of the total contributions to the plan is 0.72% and the Company’s proportion
of the total number of active employees in the plan is 0.48%.
Alecta uses a collective funding ratio to determine the surplus or deficit in the pension plan. Any surplus or deficit in the plan
will affect the amount of future contributions payable. The collective funding is the difference between Alecta’s assets and the
commitments to the policy holders and insured individuals. The collective funding ratio is normally allowed to vary between
125% and 175%. As at September 30, 2024, Alecta collective funding ratio was 163% (178% in 2023). The plan expense was
$23,422,000 in 2024 ($25,311,000 in 2023). The Company expects to contribute $18,043,000 to the plan during the next year.

OTHER BENEFIT PLANS
As at September 30, 2024, the deferred compensation liability totaled $124,447,000 ($97,745,000 as at September 30, 2023)
(Note 15) and the deferred compensation assets totaled $112,270,000 ($88,076,000 as at September 30, 2023) (Note 11). The
deferred compensation liability is mainly related to plans covering some of its U.S. management. Some of the plans include
assets that will be used to fund the liabilities.
For the deferred compensation plan in the U.S., a trust was established so that the plan assets could be segregated; however,
the assets are subject to the Company’s general creditors in the case of bankruptcy. The assets composed of investments vary
with employees’ contributions and changes in the value of the investments. The change in liabilities associated with the plan is
equal to the change of the assets. The assets in the trust and the associated liabilities totaled $112,270,000 as at
September 30, 2024 ($88,076,000 as at September 30, 2023).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                    43
114 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


18. Accumulated other comprehensive income


                                                                                                                As at                 As at
                                                                                                   September 30, 2024   September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                   $                     $
 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
   Net unrealized gains on translating financial statements of foreign operations, net of
    accumulated income tax expense of $44,210 ($44,867 as at September 30, 2023)                            896,259               534,321
   Net losses on cross-currency swaps and on translating long-term debt designated as hedges of
    net investments in foreign operations, net of accumulated income tax recovery of $48,921
    ($49,991 as at September 30, 2023)                                                                      (388,957)            (325,649)
   Deferred gains of hedging on cross-currency swaps, net of accumulated income tax expense of
    $2,907 ($1,754 as at September 30, 2023)                                                                  19,031               13,541
    Net unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges, net of accumulated income tax recovery of
     $1,421 (net of accumulated income tax expense of $3,953 as at September 30, 2023)                        (6,930)              11,524
    Net unrealized gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
     income, net of accumulated income tax expense of $707 (net of accumulated income tax
     recovery of $1,189 as at September 30, 2023)                                                              2,447               (3,412)
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
   Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans, net of accumulated income tax recovery
    of $24,817 ($25,173 as at September 30, 2023)                                                            (70,597)             (71,350)
                                                                                                            451,253               158,975

For the year ended September 30, 2024, $10,872,000 of the net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net of income tax
expense of $3,814,000, previously recognized in other comprehensive income were reclassified in the consolidated
statements of earnings ($17,937,000 and $6,278,000, respectively, were reclassified for the year ended September 30, 2023).
For the year ended September 30, 2024, $12,562,000 of the deferred gains of hedging on cross-currency swaps, net of
income tax expense of $1,919,000, were also reclassified in the consolidated statements of earnings ($18,540,000 and
$2,832,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2023).



19. Capital stock

The Company's authorized share capital is comprised of an unlimited number, all without par value, of:
     –     First preferred shares, issuable in series, carrying one vote per share, each series ranking equal with other series, but
           prior to second preferred shares, Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple voting) with respect
           to the payment of dividends;
     –     Second preferred shares, issuable in series, non-voting, each series ranking equal with other series, but prior to
           Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple voting) with respect to the payment of dividends;
     –     Class A subordinate voting shares, carrying one vote per share, participating equally with Class B shares (multiple
           voting) with respect to the payment of dividends and convertible into Class B shares (multiple voting) under certain
           conditions in the event of certain takeover bids on Class B shares (multiple voting); and
     –     Class B shares (multiple voting), carrying ten votes per share, participating equally with Class A subordinate voting
           shares with respect to the payment of dividends and convertible at any time at the option of the holder into Class A
           subordinate voting shares.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                             44
                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 115

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19. Capital stock (continued)

For the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the number of issued and outstanding Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B
shares (multiple voting) varied as follows:


                                                Class A subordinate voting shares     Class B shares (multiple voting)                           Total
                                                          Number    Carrying value             Number   Carrying value       Number     Carrying value
                                                                                  $                                 $                               $
As at September 30, 2022                            211,302,549         1,456,275       26,445,706            36,894     237,748,255       1,493,169
Release of shares held in trusts                             —             13,680               —                 —               —           13,680
Purchased and held in trusts                                 —            (74,455)              —                 —               —          (74,455)
Issued upon exercise of stock options                 1,646,044           106,051               —                 —        1,646,044         106,051
Purchased and cancelled                              (6,234,096)          (61,265)              —                 —       (6,234,096)        (61,265)
As at September 30, 2023                            206,714,497         1,440,286       26,445,706            36,894     233,160,203       1,477,180
Release of shares held in trusts                             —             14,078               —                 —               —           14,078
Purchased and held in trusts                                 —            (66,847)              —                 —               —          (66,847)
Issued upon exercise of stock options                 1,333,876            91,800               —                 —        1,333,876          91,800
Purchased and cancelled                              (6,597,158)          (45,878)              —                 —       (6,597,158)        (45,878)
Conversion of shares                                  2,322,948             3,241       (2,322,948)           (3,241)             —               —
As at September 30, 2024                            203,774,163         1,436,680       24,122,758            33,653     227,896,921       1,470,333


a)      Shares held in trusts
During the year ended September 30, 2024, 171,751 shares held in trust were released (172,018 during the year ended
September 30, 2023) with a recorded value of $14,078,000 ($13,680,000 during the year ended September 30, 2023) that was
removed from contributed surplus.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company settled the withholding tax obligations of the employees under the
Share Unit Plan for a cash payment of $15,407,000 ($13,879,000 during the year ended September 30, 2023).
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the trustees, in accordance with the terms of the Share Unit Plan and Trust
Agreements, purchased 463,364 Class A subordinate voting shares of the Company on the open market (640,052 during the
year ended September 30, 2023) for a total cash consideration of $66,847,000 ($74,455,000 during the year ended
September 30, 2023).
As at September 30, 2024, 2,601,356 Class A subordinate voting shares were held in trusts under the Share Unit Plan
(2,309,743 as at September 30, 2023).

b)      Exercises of stock options
The carrying value of Class A subordinate voting shares includes $15,265,000 which corresponds to a reduction in contributed
surplus representing the value of accumulated compensation costs associated with the stock options exercised during the year
ended September 30, 2024 ($17,735,000 during the year ended September 30, 2023).

c)      Shares purchased and cancelled
On January 30, 2024, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received regulatory approval from the
Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), for the renewal of its Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB), which allows for the purchase for
cancellation of up to 20,457,737 Class A subordinate voting shares on the open market through the TSX, the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE) and/or alternative trading systems or otherwise pursuant to exemption orders issued by securities
regulators. The Class A subordinate voting shares were available for purchase for cancellation commencing on February 6,
2024, until no later than February 5, 2025, or on such earlier date when the Company has either acquired the maximum
number of Class A subordinate voting shares allowable under the NCIB or elects to terminate the bid.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased for cancellation 1,965,800 Class A subordinate voting
shares (2,857,550 during the year ended September 30, 2023) under its previous and current NCIB for a total cash
consideration of $275,218,000 ($386,906,000 during the year ended September 30, 2023) and the excess of the purchase
price over the carrying value in the amount of $258,883,000 ($363,747,000 during the year ended September 30, 2023) was
charged to retained earnings.

CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                        45
116 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19. Capital stock (continued)

c)      Shares purchased and cancelled (continued)
In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a private agreement with the Founder and
Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company, as well as a wholly-owned holding company, to purchase for cancellation
1,674,930 Class A subordinate voting shares under its current NCIB for a total cash consideration of $250,000,000, excluding
transaction costs of $370,000. The excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $244,821,000 was
charged to retained earnings. The 1,674,930 Class A subordinate voting shares purchased for cancellation on February 23,
2024, included 1,266,366 Class B shares (multiple voting) converted into Class A subordinate voting shares on February 23,
2024, by a holding company wholly-owned by the Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company. The
repurchase transaction was reviewed and recommended for approval by an independent committee of the Board of Directors
of the Company following the receipt of an external opinion regarding the reasonableness of the financial terms of the
transaction, and ultimately approved by the Board of Directors. The purchase was made pursuant to an exemption order
issued by the Autorité des marchés financiers and is considered within the annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled
to purchase under its current NCIB.
Additionally, also during the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased for cancellation 2,887,878 Class A
subordinate voting shares under its current NCIB from the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDPQ) for a total cash
consideration of $400,000,000 (3,344,996 and $400,000,000, respectively during the year ended September 30, 2023). The
excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $375,636,000 was charged to retained earnings
($361,791,000 during the year ended September 30, 2023). The purchase was made pursuant to an exemption order issued
by the Autorité des marchés financiers and is considered within the annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to
purchase under its current NCIB.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company also paid for and cancelled 68,550 Class A subordinate voting
shares under its previous NCIB, with a carrying value of $558,000 and for a total cash consideration of $9,177,000, which were
purchased but were neither paid nor cancelled as at September 30, 2023 (100,100 Class A subordinate voting shares,
$778,000 and $10,291,000, respectively, during the year ended September 30, 2023, which were purchased, or committed to
be purchased, but were neither paid nor cancelled as at September 30, 2022).
On June 20, 2024, the Canadian government enacted new legislation to implement tax measures on equity repurchased by
public companies. The legislation requires a company to pay a 2.0% tax on the fair market value of their repurchased shares.
This tax liability can be offset by the issuance of new equity during the relevant taxation year. The tax applies retroactively to
repurchases and issuances of equity that occurred on or after January 1, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has
complied with this new legislation, and recorded $13,565,000 of accrued liabilities related to shares repurchased net of
issuance of stock options, with a corresponding reduction to retained earnings.

d)      Conversion of shares
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Co-Founder and Advisor to the Executive Chairman of the Board of the
Company converted a total of 900,000 Class B shares (multiple voting) into 900,000 Class A subordinate voting shares.
In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2024, a holding company wholly-owned by the Founder and Executive
Chairman of the Board of the Company converted a total of 1,422,948 Class B shares (multiple voting) into 1,422,948 Class A
subordinate voting shares.

e)      Dividends
On November 5, 2024, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend for holders of Class A
subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple voting) of $0.15 per share. This dividend is payable on December 20,
2024 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 20, 2024. The dividend is designated as an “eligible
dividend” for Canadian tax purposes.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                     46
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 117

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20. Share-based payments

a)         Performance share units and restricted share units
The Company operates a Share Unit Plan, which was amended on April 30, 2024, to provide for the option to award both
PSUs and RSUs. Under the Share Unit Plan, the Board of Directors may grant:
       –     PSUs to certain employees and officers which entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate voting share for each
             PSU. The vesting performance conditions are determined by the Board of Directors at the time of each grant. PSUs
             expire on the business day preceding December 31 of the third calendar year following the end of the fiscal year
             during which the PSU award was made, except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or death.
             Conditionally upon achievement of performance objectives, granted PSUs under the Share Unit Plan vest at the end
             of the four-year period.
       –     RSUs to certain employees and officers which entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate voting share for each
             RSU. RSUs do not have any vesting performance conditions. RSUs expire on the business day preceding December
             31 of the third calendar year following the end of the fiscal year during which the RSU award was made, except in the
             event of retirement, termination of employment or death. Granted RSUs under the Share Unit Plan vest at the end of
             the four-year period.

Class A subordinate voting shares purchased in connection with the Share Unit Plan are held in trusts for the benefit of the
participants. The trusts, considered as structured entities, are consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements
with the cost of the purchased shares recorded as a reduction of capital stock (Note 19).
There are currently no outstanding RSUs under the Share Unit Plan. The following table presents information concerning the
number of outstanding PSUs granted by the Company under the Share Unit Plan:

 Outstanding as at September 30, 2022                                                                                                1,809,591
 Granted1                                                                                                                              899,511
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                  (294,203)
 Forfeited                                                                                                                            (162,449)
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2023                                                                                                2,252,450
 Granted1                                                                                                                              799,418
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                  (280,265)
 Forfeited                                                                                                                            (243,403)
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2024                                                                                                2,528,200

1
     The PSUs granted in 2024 had a weighted average grant date fair value of $137.90 per unit ($112.49 in 2023).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                47
118 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20. Share-based payments (continued)

b)      Stock options
Under the Company’s stock option plan, the Board of Directors may grant, at its discretion, stock options to purchase Class A
subordinate voting shares to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price
is established by the Board of Directors and is equal to the closing price of the Class A subordinate voting shares on the TSX
on the day preceding the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest over four years from the date of grant conditionally
upon achievement of performance objectives and must be exercised within a ten-year period, except in the event of retirement,
termination of employment or death. As at September 30, 2024, 15,368,084 Class A subordinate voting shares were reserved
for issuance under the stock option plan.
The following table presents information concerning the outstanding stock options granted by the Company:

                                                                                                        2024                                          2023
                                                                                                   Weighted                                       Weighted
                                                                                           average exercise                               average exercise
                                                                  Number of options          price per share      Number of options         price per share
                                                                                                           $                                             $
 Outstanding, beginning of year                                          5,211,472                     70.21              6,882,845                66.36
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                    (1,333,876)                    57.38             (1,646,044)               53.65
 Forfeited                                                                 (12,575)                    97.84                (23,626)               99.78
 Expired                                                                    (2,494)                    98.65                 (1,703)              102.70
 Outstanding, end of year                                                3,862,527                     74.53              5,211,472                70.21
 Exercisable, end of year                                                3,699,805                     73.51              4,772,088                67.46

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for stock options exercised in 2024 was $145.60 ($123.25 in 2023).
The following table summarizes information about the outstanding stock options granted by the Company as at September 30,
2024:
                                                                                                 Options outstanding                   Options exercisable

                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                           average          Weighted                         Weighted
                                                      Range of        Number of          remaining            average          Number of       average
                                                 exercise price         options     contractual life    exercise price           options exercise price
                                                              $                           (in years)                $                                    $
                                               39.47 to 41.63            44,112                0.12             39.65            44,112             39.65
                                               47.36 to 52.63           310,323                0.98             48.39           310,323             48.39
                                               56.69 to 63.23         1,787,289                2.45             63.20         1,787,289             63.20
                                               67.04 to 85.62           968,073                3.94             84.57           968,073             84.57
                                              97.84 to 115.01           752,730                5.94            101.35           590,008            102.31
                                                                      3,862,527                3.36             74.53         3,699,805             73.51


c)      Share purchase plan
Under the share purchase plan, the Company contributes an amount equal to a percentage of the employee's basic
contribution, up to a maximum of 3.50%. An employee may make additional contributions in excess of the basic contribution.
However, the Company does not match contributions in the case of such additional contributions. The employee and
Company's contributions are remitted to an independent plan administrator who purchases Class A subordinate voting shares
on the open market on behalf of the employee through either the TSX or NYSE.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                             48
                                                                                                                           FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 119

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20. Share-based payments (continued)

d)          Deferred share unit plan
External members of the Board of Directors (participants) are entitled to receive part or their entire retainer fee in DSUs. DSUs
are granted with immediate vesting and must be exercised no later than December 15 of the calendar year immediately
following the calendar year during which the participant ceases to act as a director. Each DSU entitles the holder to receive a
cash payment equal to the closing price of Class A subordinate voting shares on the TSX on the payment date. As at
September 30, 2024, the number of outstanding DSUs was 110,412 (122,969 DSUs as at September 30, 2023).

e)          Share-based payment costs
The share-based payment expense recorded in costs of services, selling and administrative is as follows:

                                                                                                                                      Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                      2024                  2023
                                                                                                                                          $                       $
    PSUs                                                                                                                           67,054                55,847
    Stock options                                                                                                                     786                 2,367
    Share purchase plan                                                                                                           181,989               169,418
    DSUs                                                                                                                            4,384                 5,332
                                                                                                                                  254,213               232,964




21. Earnings per share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                              2024                                                           2023
                                                            Weighted average                                                Weighted average
                                                            number of shares         Earnings per                           number of shares         Earnings per
                                     Net earnings               outstanding1                share Net earnings                   outstanding1              share
                                                 $                                               $              $                                                 $
    Basic                             1,692,715                 228,074,108                  7.42     1,631,249                234,041,041                  6.97
    Net effect of dilutive stock
      options and PSUs2                                            3,598,753                                                      3,661,040
Diluted                               1,692,715                 231,672,861                  7.31     1,631,249                237,702,081                  6.86

1
     During the year ended September 30, 2024, 6,528,608 Class A subordinate voting shares purchased for cancellation and 2,601,356 Class A subordinate voting
     shares held in trust were excluded from the calculation of the weighted average number of shares outstanding as of the date of transaction (6,273,046 and
     2,309,743, respectively during the year ended September 30, 2023).
2
     For the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no stock options were excluded from the calculation of the diluted earnings per share as all stock options
     were dilutive.




22. Remaining performance obligations

Remaining performance obligations relates to Company’s performance obligations that are partially or fully unsatisfied under
fixed-fee arrangements recognized using the percentage-of-completion method.
The amount of the selling price allocated to remaining performance obligations as at September 30, 2024 is $1,179,804,000
($982,531,000 as at September 30, 2023) and is expected to be recognized as revenue within a weighted average of 1.7
years (2 years as at September 30, 2023).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                                      49
120 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


23. Costs of services, selling and administrative
                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                                          $                 $
    Salaries and other employee costs1                                                            9,156,779         8,870,235
    Professional fees and other contracted labour                                                 1,436,403         1,500,613
    Hardware, software and data center related costs                                                866,883           827,613
    Property costs                                                                                  201,194           213,962
    Amortization, depreciation and impairment (Note 24)                                             522,308           506,122
    Other operating expenses                                                                         76,163            63,876
                                                                                                 12,259,730        11,982,421

1
     Net of R&D and other tax credits of $134,911,000 in 2024 ($159,390,000 in 2023).




24. Amortization, depreciation and impairment

                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                                          $                 $
    Depreciation of PP&E (Note 6)                                                                  134,818            142,653
    Impairment of PP&E (Note 6)                                                                        115                 —
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                   126,615            143,030
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                          —               2,274
    Amortization of contract costs related to transition costs                                      59,191             55,194
    Impairment of contract costs related to transition costs                                         4,254                 —
    Amortization of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                     185,741            162,971
    Impairment of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                        11,574                 —
    Included in costs of services, selling and administrative (Note 23)                            522,308            506,122
    Amortization of contract costs related to incentives (presented as a reduction of revenue)       2,806              2,793
    Amortization of deferred financing fees (presented in finance costs)                               630                816
    Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments related to funds held for clients
      (presented net as an increase of revenue)                                                      (1,584)           (1,832)
    Depreciation of PP&E (presented in integration costs) (Note 6)                                       —                712
    Impairment of PP&E (presented in integration costs) (Note 6)                                        149               648
    Impairment of PP&E (presented in cost optimization program) (Note 6 and 25)                       2,431             1,938
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (presented in integration costs) (Note 7)                          —              5,143
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (presented in cost optimization program) (Note 7 and 25)      10,119              2,232
    Amortization of intangible assets (presented in integration costs) (Note 9)                         —               1,076
                                                                                                   536,859            519,648




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                50
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 121

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


25. Cost optimization program

During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company initiated a cost optimization program to accelerate actions to
improve operational efficiencies, including the increased use of automation and global delivery, and to rightsize its global real
estate portfolio.
As at March 31, 2024, the Company completed its cost optimization program for a total cost of $100,027,000, of which
$91,063,000 was expensed during the year ended September 30, 2024. These amounts included costs for terminations of
employment of $69,500,000, accounted for in severance provisions (Note 13), and costs of vacating leased premises of
$21,563,000, composed of impairment of right-of-use assets of $10,119,000 (Note 24), onerous supplier contract costs of
$9,013,000 as well as impairment of PP&E of $2,431,000 (Note 24) related to leasehold improvements and furniture, fixtures
and equipment.
During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded $8,964,000 of costs. This amount included costs for
terminations of employment of $2,613,000, accounted for in severance provisions (Note 13), and costs of vacating leased
premises of $6,351,000, composed of impairment of right-of-use assets of $2,232,000 (Note 24), onerous supplier contract
costs of $2,181,000 as well as impairment of PP&E of $1,938,000 (Note 24) related to leasehold improvements and furniture,
fixtures and equipment.

26. Net finance costs
                                                                                                            Year ended September 30
                                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                                               $                    $
 Interest on long-term debt                                                                               48,002            53,871
 Interest on lease liabilities                                                                            29,234            29,115
 Net interest costs on net defined benefit pension plans (Note 17)                                         7,563             4,782
 Other finance costs                                                                                       6,135             6,192
 Finance costs                                                                                            90,934            93,960
 Finance income                                                                                          (63,045)          (41,497)
                                                                                                          27,889            52,463


27. Investments in subsidiaries

a)       Acquisitions and disposals
The Company made the following acquisitions during the year ended September 30, 2024:
     –     On October 10, 2023, the Company acquired all of the outstanding units of Momentum Industries Holdings, LLC.
           (Momentum), for a total purchase price of $53,341,000. Momentum is an IT and business consulting firm specializing
           in digital transformation, data and analytics and managed services, based in the U.S. and headquartered in Miami,
           Florida.
     –     On July 3, 2024, the Company acquired the assets of Celero Solutions’ (Celero) credit union business, consisting of
           master services agreements that span managed services, core banking, digital banking and related IT services,
           based in Canada, for a total purchase price of $19,067,000.
     –     On September 13, 2024, the Company acquired all of the outstanding units of Aeyon LLC (Aeyon), a digital
           transformation, data management and analytics, and intelligent automation services partner to the U.S. Federal
           Government, based in the U.S. and headquartered in Vienna, Virginia, for a total purchase price of $317,841,000.


These acquisitions were made to further expand CGI’s footprint in their respective regions and to complement CGI's proximity
model.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                        51
122 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

The following table presents the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for all acquisitions based on the
acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed:

                                                                                           Aeyon                          Others                            Total
                                                                                                $                               $                               $
Current assets                                                                           34,206                           17,696                         51,902
PP&E (Note 6)                                                                             1,029                              349                          1,378
Right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                              1,073                            1,268                          2,341
Intangible assets1 (Note 9)                                                             101,856                           22,543                        124,399
Goodwill2 (Note 12)                                                                     397,406                           42,055                        439,461
Current liabilities                                                                     (54,728)                         (15,307)                       (70,035)
Long-term debt (Note 28c)                                                              (162,146)                              —                        (162,146)
Lease liabilities                                                                        (1,073)                          (1,268)                        (2,341)
                                                                                        317,623                          67,336                         384,959
Cash acquired                                                                               218                           5,072                           5,290
Net assets acquired                                                                     317,841                          72,408                         390,249


Consideration paid                                                                      317,841                          65,414                         383,255
Consideration payable                                                                        —                            6,994                           6,994
1
    Intangible assets are mainly composed of client relationships and backlog.
2
    The goodwill arising from the acquisitions mainly represents the future economic value associated to acquired work force and synergies with the Company’s
     operations. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.


During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company finalized the fair value assessment of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for Momentum.
The fair value of all assets acquired and liabilities assumed for Celero and Aeyon are preliminary and are expected to be
completed as soon as management will have gathered all the information available and considered necessary in order to
finalize this allocation.
Based on the historical financial performance and excluding any financial synergies, for the year ended September 30, 2024,
Aeyon would have contributed approximately $265,000,000 of revenues and $8,000,000 of net earnings to the financial results
of the Company had the acquisition date been October 1, 2023.
Furthermore, since the date of acquisition, the Aeyon acquisition generated $12,000,000 in revenues and $500,000 of net
earnings to the financial results of the Company.

b)        Business acquisitions realized in the prior fiscal year

There were no significant acquisitions or disposals for the year ended September 30, 2023.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid $2,348,000 related to acquisitions realized in prior fiscal years.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                                    52
                                                                                                 FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 123

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

c)       Acquisition-related and integration costs

During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred $5,866,000 of acquisition-related and integration costs.
These costs were acquisition-related costs related to professional fees of $2,437,000. Integration costs were related to costs of
vacating leased premises of $947,000, costs of rationalizing the redundancy of employment of $653,000, accounted for in
severance provisions (Note 13), and other integration costs towards the CGI operating model of $1,829,000.
During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred $53,401,000 of integration costs. These costs were related
to costs of vacating leased premises of $10,774,000, costs of rationalizing the redundancy of employment of $23,226,000,
accounted for in severance provisions (Note 13), and other integration costs towards the CGI operating model of $19,401,000.



28. Supplementary cash flow information

a)       Net change in non-cash working capital items and others is as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                                               $               $
 Accounts receivable                                                                                    106,360          (31,120)
 Work in progress                                                                                         (8,999)         76,554
 Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                         4,466           3,547
 Long-term financial assets                                                                              (24,423)         (9,911)
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                22,151         (130,172)
 Accrued compensation and employee-related liabilities                                                   (27,689)        (57,644)
 Deferred revenue                                                                                        50,420           45,681
 Income taxes                                                                                            (98,207)       105,577
 Provisions                                                                                                 (594)        (10,129)
 Long-term liabilities                                                                                   33,540           18,893
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                           634             (682)
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                                           7,337           5,871
                                                                                                         64,996           16,465

b)       Non-cash operating and investing activities are as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                                               $               $
 Operating activities
  Accounts receivable                                                                                        (12)             —
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                            35,992           32,392
     Provisions                                                                                             576            1,088
     Other long-term liabilities                                                                         13,524            4,768
                                                                                                         50,080           38,248
 Investing activities
   Purchase of PP&E                                                                                      (11,158)        (14,374)
   Additions, disposals/retirements, change in estimates and lease modifications of
    right-of-use assets                                                                                 (110,778)        (86,691)
   Additions to intangible assets                                                                        (40,908)        (28,944)
                                                                                                        (162,844)       (130,009)




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                  53
124 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


28. Supplementary cash flow information (continued)

c)      Changes arising from financing activities are as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                        2024                                         2023
                                                                                    Derivative                                    Derivative
                                                                                      financial                                     financial
                                                                                  instruments                                   instruments
                                                                                     to hedge                                      to hedge
                                                                     Long-term      long-term          Lease      Long-term       long-term         Lease
                                                                          debt            debt     liabilities         debt             debt     liabilities
                                                                              $                $            $            $                 $              $
Balance, beginning of year                                          3,100,321         (97,575)     641,963       3,267,034       (146,215)      709,201
Cash used in financing activities excluding equity
 Increase of long-term debt                                           747,073                  —          —            948               —              —
 Repayment of long-term debt and lease liabilities                  (1,154,878)                —   (146,762)       (79,150)              —      (161,211)
 Repayment of debt assumed in business acquisitions that
 occurred in prior year                                               (162,146)            —              —        (56,994)             —               —
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments (Note 32)                   —          38,943             —             —            2,921              —
Non-cash financing activities
 Additions, disposals/retirements and change in estimates
 and lease modifications of right-of-use assets                            —               —       110,778              —              —         81,656
 Additions through business acquisitions (Note 27)                    162,146              —         2,341              —              —             —
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates                            (6,715)         68,132       18,914         (38,218)        45,719        15,997
Other                                                                   2,507              —        (7,139)          6,701             —         (3,680)
Balance, end of year                                                2,688,308           9,500      620,095       3,100,321        (97,575)      641,963

d)      Interest paid and received and income taxes paid are classified within operating activities and are as follows for the
        years ended September 30:

                                                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                                                                     $                    $
 Interest paid                                                                                                                102,180           130,570
 Interest received                                                                                                             87,153            87,239
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                            740,325           480,607

e)      Cash and cash equivalents consisted of unrestricted cash as at September 30, 2024 and 2023.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                             54
                                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 125

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29. Segmented information

The following tables present information on the Company's operations based on its current management structure. Segment
results are based on the location from which the services are delivered - the geographic delivery model (Note 12).
Effective October 1, 2023, as part of the cost optimization program, the Company centralized some internal administrative
activities under a corporate function, which were previously presented in revenue under the Asia Pacific segment. The
Company has restated the Asia Pacific segmented information for the comparative period to conform with this change.

                                                                                                                                            Year ended September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                               Northwest
                                      Western           U.S.                                                                         and
                                          and    Commercial                           Scandinavia                   Finland,     Central-
                                     Southern      and State                   U.S.    and Central   U.K. and    Poland and         East      Asia
                                       Europe    Government      Canada     Federal        Europe    Australia       Baltics     Europe     Pacific Eliminations         Total
                                             $              $          $         $              $           $             $            $         $              $            $
    Segment revenue                 2,600,198      2,327,309 2,034,995 2,001,391       1,658,172 1,584,833         859,263      828,726 956,145         (174,880) 14,676,152
    Segment earnings before
     acquisition-related and
     integration costs, cost
     optimization program, net
     finance costs and income tax
     expense1                         334,165        337,325    463,171    322,698       150,913     251,662       133,437      129,277 293,121                —     2,415,769
    Acquisition-related and
     integration costs (Note 27c)                                                                                                                                       (5,866)
    Cost optimization program
     (Note 25)                                                                                                                                                         (91,063)
    Net finance costs (Note 26)                                                                                                                                        (27,889)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                                     2,290,951
1
      Total amortization and depreciation of $523,530,000 included in the Western and Southern Europe, U.S. Commercial and State Government, Canada, U.S. Federal,
      Scandinavia and Central Europe, U.K. and Australia, Finland, Poland and Baltics, Northwest and Central-East Europe and Asia Pacific segments is $71,807,000,
      $97,552,000, $60,132,000, $60,779,000, $86,683,000, $44,999,000, $37,700,000, $34,970,000, and $28,908,000, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2024.
      Impairment in intangible assets of $11,574,000 includes an impairment of a business solution in U.S. Commercial and State Government segment for $7,932,000. This
      asset was no longer expected to generate future economic benefits.



                                                                                                                                             Year ended September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                               Northwest
                                       Western           U.S.                                                                        and
                                           and    Commercial                          Scandinavia                   Finland,    Central-
                                      Southern      and State                 U.S.    and Central    U.K. and    Poland and         East      Asia
                                        Europe    Government     Canada     Federal       Europe     Australia       Baltics     Europe     Pacific   Eliminations        Total
                                             $              $          $         $              $           $             $            $         $              $            $
    Segment revenue                 2,605,926      2,277,996 2,064,659 1,935,238       1,648,356 1,455,529         828,951      755,901 904,038         (180,234) 14,296,360
    Segment earnings before
     acquisition-related and
     integration costs, cost
     optimization program, net
     finance costs and income tax
     expense1                         355,578        339,410    477,502    306,362       127,320     216,517       110,583      101,871 277,598                —     2,312,741
    Acquisition-related and
     integration costs (Note 27c)                                                                                                                                      (53,401)
    Cost optimization program
     (Note 25)                                                                                                                                                          (8,964)
    Net finance costs (Note 26)                                                                                                                                        (52,463)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                                     2,197,913
1
      Total amortization and depreciation of $507,087,000 included in the Western and Southern Europe, U.S. Commercial and State Government, Canada, U.S. Federal,
      Scandinavia and Central Europe, U.K. and Australia, Finland, Poland and Baltics, Northwest and Central-East Europe and Asia Pacific segments is $85,049,000,
      $83,359,000, $55,589,000, $59,334,000, $90,098,000, $38,423,000, $38,345,000, $31,616,000 and $25,274,000, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2023.


The accounting policies of each operating segment are the same as those described in Note 3, Summary of material
accounting policies. Intersegment revenue is priced as if the revenue was from third parties.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                                                 55
126 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29. Segmented information (continued)

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

The following table provides external revenue information based on the client’s location which is different from the revenue
presented under operating segments, due to the intersegment revenue, for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                                            2024                      2023
                                                                                                                               $                        $
Western and Southern Europe
 France                                                                                                               2,253,580              2,277,088
 Portugal                                                                                                               120,471                116,928
 Spain                                                                                                                  118,693                114,341
 Others                                                                                                                  56,112                 55,519
                                                                                                                      2,548,856              2,563,876


U.S.1                                                                                                                 4,574,294              4,404,982


Canada                                                                                                                2,208,938              2,232,091


Scandinavia and Central Europe
  Germany                                                                                                               959,129                925,679
  Sweden                                                                                                                692,192                691,240
  Norway                                                                                                                110,025                123,366
                                                                                                                      1,761,346              1,740,285


U.K. and Australia
   U.K.                                                                                                               1,722,485              1,588,665
   Australia                                                                                                             71,481                 90,576
                                                                                                                      1,793,966              1,679,241


Finland, Poland and Baltics
  Finland                                                                                                               842,565                820,886
  Others                                                                                                                 70,958                 49,564
                                                                                                                        913,523                870,450


Northwest and Central-East Europe
  Netherlands                                                                                                           633,337                571,757
  Denmark                                                                                                                89,852                 95,758
  Czech Republic                                                                                                         79,137                 72,559
  Others                                                                                                                 65,789                 61,854
                                                                                                                        868,115                801,928


Asia Pacific
  Others                                                                                                                 7,114                   3,507
                                                                                                                         7,114                   3,507
                                                                                                                    14,676,152              14,296,360

1
    External revenue included in the U.S Commercial and State Government and U.S. Federal operating segments was $2,564,710,000 and $2,009,584,000,
    respectively in 2024 ($2,461,366,000 and $1,943,616,000, respectively in 2023).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                            56
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 127

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29. Segmented information (continued)

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

The following table provides information for PP&E, right-of-use assets, contract costs and intangible assets based on their
location:

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2024   September 30, 2023
                                                                                                               $                     $

   U.S.                                                                                                 656,176               557,381
   Canada                                                                                               433,965               427,811
   France                                                                                               182,015               200,842
   U.K.                                                                                                 107,649               115,560
   Sweden                                                                                               105,491                94,801
   Finland                                                                                              101,137               100,212
   Germany                                                                                                94,704               85,013
   India                                                                                                  65,185               65,664
   Netherlands                                                                                            54,552               49,570
   Rest of the world                                                                                      94,668              106,292
                                                                                                      1,895,542             1,803,146


INFORMATION ABOUT SERVICES

The following table provides revenue information based on services provided by the Company for the year ended
September 30:

                                                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                                                               $                     $
  Managed IT and business process services                                                            8,041,857             7,674,460
  Business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services                               6,634,295             6,621,900
                                                                                                     14,676,152           14,296,360


MAJOR CLIENT INFORMATION

Contracts with the U.S. federal government and its various agencies, included within the U.S. Federal operating segment,
accounted for $1,994,150,000 and 13.6% of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2024 ($1,923,977,000 and 13.5% for
the year ended September 30, 2023).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                         57
128 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30. Related party transactions

The Company is controlled by the Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a share repurchase and share conversion transactions
with related parties, as described in Note 19.

a)      Transactions with subsidiaries and other related parties
Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation. The Company
owns 100% of the equity interests of its principal subsidiaries.
The Company’s principal subsidiaries whose revenues, based on the geographic delivery model, represent more than 3% of
the consolidated revenues are as follows:

Name of subsidiary                                                                                    Country of incorporation
CGI Technologies and Solutions Inc.                                                                            United States
CGI France SAS                                                                                                        France
CGI Federal Inc.                                                                                               United States
CGI IT UK Limited                                                                                            United Kingdom
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.                                                              Canada
Conseillers en gestion et informatique CGI inc.                                                                      Canada
CGI Deutschland B.V. & Co. KG                                                                                      Germany
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Private Limited                                                      India
CGI Sverige AB                                                                                                      Sweden
CGI Suomi Oy                                                                                                         Finland
CGI Nederland B.V.                                                                                               Netherlands


b)      Compensation of key management personnel
Compensation of key management personnel, currently defined as the executive officers and the Board of Directors of the
Company, was as follows for the year ended September 30:

                                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                                      $                     $
     Short-term employee benefits                                                                31,076               36,049
     Share-based payments                                                                        40,209               30,701




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                58
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 129

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31. Commitments, contingencies and guarantees

a)      Commitments
As at September 30, 2024, the Company entered into long-term service agreements representing a total commitment of
$398,220,000. Minimum payments under these agreements are due as follows:

                                                                                                                                   $
 Less than one year                                                                                                        191,651
 Between one and three years                                                                                               164,068
 Between three and five years                                                                                               42,501
 Beyond five years                                                                                                              —


b)     Contingencies
From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, litigation and claims which primarily relate to tax
exposure, contractual disputes and employee claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Certain of these matters
seek damages in significant amounts and will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.
Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the
disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s
financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on any of its business activities. Claims for which there is a
probable unfavourable outcome are recorded in provisions.
In addition, the Company is engaged to provide services under contracts with various government agencies. Some of these
contracts are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, government agencies investigate
whether the Company’s operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. Generally, the governments
agencies have the right to change the scope of, or terminate, these projects at its convenience. The termination or reduction in
the scope of a major government contract or project could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations and the
financial condition of the Company.

c)     Guarantees
Sale of assets and business divestitures
In connection with the sale of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs
and losses incurred as the result of breaches in contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property
right infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum
potential exposure, others do not specify a maximum amount or a maturity date. It is not possible to reasonably estimate the
maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future
contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. No amount has been accrued in the
consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of indemnification as at September 30, 2024. The Company does not expect
to incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially adverse effect on its
consolidated financial statements.
Other transactions
In the normal course of business, the Company may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and
performance bonds. In general, the Company would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if the Company refuses to
perform the project once the bid is awarded. The Company would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of
default in the performance of its obligations. As at September 30, 2024, the Company had committed a total of $49,441,000 of
these bonds. To the best of its knowledge, the Company is in compliance with its performance obligations under all service
contracts for which there is a bid or performance bond, and the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these
guarantees, would not have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations or financial
condition.
Moreover, the Company has letters of credit for a total of $72,249,000 in addition to the letters of credit covered by the
unsecured committed revolving credit facility (Note 14). These guarantees are required in some of the Company’s contracts
with customers.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                       59
130 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notes to
       to the
           the Consolidated
               Consolidated Financial
                            Financial Statements
                                      Statements
For
 Forthe
     theyears
         yearsended
               endedSeptember
                      September30, 30,2024
                                       2024and
                                            and2023
                                                2023
(tabular
 (tabularamounts
          amountsonly
                  onlyare
                       areininthousands
                               thousandsofofCanadian
                                             Canadiandollars,
                                                      dollars,except
                                                               exceptper
                                                                      pershare
                                                                          sharedata)
                                                                                data)


32.
 32. Financial
      Financialinstruments
                instruments

FAIR
 FAIRVALUE
      VALUEMEASUREMENTS
            MEASUREMENTS
Fair
 Fairvalue
      valueisisthe
                theprice
                    pricethat
                          thatwould
                               wouldbe
                                     bereceived
                                        receivedtotosell
                                                     sellan
                                                          anasset
                                                             assetororpaid
                                                                       paidtototransfer
                                                                                transferaaliability
                                                                                            liabilityininan
                                                                                                          anorderly
                                                                                                             orderlytransaction
                                                                                                                     transactionbetween
                                                                                                                                 between
market
 marketparticipants
         participantsatatthe
                          themeasurement
                              measurementdate.
                                            date.
Valuation
 Valuationtechniques
           techniquesused
                      usedtotovalue
                               valuefinancial
                                      financialinstruments
                                                instrumentsare
                                                            areas
                                                                asfollows:
                                                                   follows:
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueofofthe
                               the2014
                                   2014U.S.
                                         U.S.Senior
                                                SeniorNotes,
                                                       Notes,the
                                                              the2021
                                                                  2021U.S.
                                                                        U.S.Senior
                                                                              SeniorNotes,
                                                                                       Notes,the
                                                                                               the2021
                                                                                                   2021CADCADSenior
                                                                                                               SeniorNotes,
                                                                                                                       Notes,thethe2024
                                                                                                                                    2024
           CAD
            CADSenior
                 SeniorNotes,
                          Notes,the
                                  theunsecured
                                      unsecuredcommitted
                                                   committedrevolving
                                                              revolvingcredit
                                                                        creditfacility,
                                                                               facility,the
                                                                                         theunsecured
                                                                                             unsecuredcommitted
                                                                                                          committedterm
                                                                                                                     termloan
                                                                                                                           loancredit
                                                                                                                                  creditfacility
                                                                                                                                         facility
           and
            andthe
                theother
                     otherlong-term
                           long-termdebt
                                       debtisisestimated
                                                estimatedby
                                                          bydiscounting
                                                             discountingexpected
                                                                          expectedcashcashflows
                                                                                            flowsatatrates
                                                                                                      ratescurrently
                                                                                                            currentlyoffered
                                                                                                                      offeredtotothe
                                                                                                                                  the
           Company
            Companyfor fordebts
                           debtsofofthe
                                     thesame
                                         sameremaining
                                                 remainingmaturities
                                                           maturitiesand
                                                                      andconditions;
                                                                          conditions;
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueofoflong-term
                               long-termbonds
                                           bondsincluded
                                                  includedininfunds
                                                               fundsheld
                                                                     heldfor
                                                                          forclients
                                                                              clientsand
                                                                                      andininlong-term
                                                                                              long-terminvestments
                                                                                                          investmentsisisdetermined
                                                                                                                           determinedby by
           discounting
            discountingthe
                         thefuture
                              futurecash
                                      cashflows
                                            flowsusing
                                                  usingobservable
                                                        observableinputs,
                                                                     inputs,such
                                                                             suchasasinterest
                                                                                      interestrate
                                                                                                rateyield
                                                                                                     yieldcurves
                                                                                                            curvesororcredit
                                                                                                                       creditspreads,
                                                                                                                              spreads,oror
           according
            accordingtotosimilar
                          similartransactions
                                   transactionsononananarm's-length
                                                        arm's-lengthbasis;
                                                                      basis;
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueofofforeign
                               foreigncurrency
                                       currencyforward
                                                forwardcontracts
                                                        contractsisisdetermined
                                                                      determinedusing
                                                                                 usingforward
                                                                                       forwardexchange
                                                                                               exchangerates
                                                                                                        ratesatatthe
                                                                                                                  theend
                                                                                                                      endofofthe
                                                                                                                              the
           reporting
            reportingperiod;
                      period;
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueofofcross-currency
                               cross-currencyswaps
                                                swapsisisdetermined
                                                          determinedbased
                                                                        basedononmarket
                                                                                  marketdata
                                                                                          data(primarily
                                                                                                (primarilyyield
                                                                                                           yieldcurves,
                                                                                                                 curves,exchange
                                                                                                                         exchangerates
                                                                                                                                  rates
           and
            andinterest
                interestrates)
                         rates)totocalculate
                                    calculatethe
                                              thepresent
                                                  presentvalue
                                                           valueofofall
                                                                     allestimated
                                                                         estimatedcash
                                                                                   cashflows;
                                                                                         flows;

     --    The
            Thefair   valueofofccash,
                 fairvalue        ash,cash
                                       cashequivalents
                                             equivalentsandandcash
                                                               cashincluded
                                                                     includedininfunds
                                                                                  fundsheld
                                                                                        heldfor
                                                                                             forclients
                                                                                                 clientsand
                                                                                                         andshort-term
                                                                                                             short-terminvestments
                                                                                                                        investments
           included
            includedinincurrent
                         currentfinancial
                                   financialassets
                                             assetsisisdetermined
                                                        determinedusing
                                                                    usingobservable
                                                                           observablequotes;
                                                                                       quotes;and
                                                                                                and
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueofofdeferred
                               deferredcompensation
                                        compensationplanplanassets
                                                             assetswithin
                                                                    withinlong-term
                                                                           long-termfinancial
                                                                                      financialassets
                                                                                                assetsisisbased
                                                                                                           basedon
                                                                                                                 onobservable
                                                                                                                    observableprice
                                                                                                                               price
           quotations
            quotationsand
                        andnet
                             netassets
                                 assetsvalues
                                        valuesatatthe
                                                   thereporting
                                                       reportingdate.
                                                                 date.
As
 AsatatSeptember
        September30,
                  30,2024,
                      2024,there
                            therewere
                                  wereno
                                       nochanges
                                          changesininvaluation
                                                      valuationtechniques.
                                                                techniques.
The
 Thefollowing
     followingtable
               tablepresents
                     presentsthethefinancial
                                     financialiabilities
                                               liabilitiesincluded
                                                           includedininthe
                                                                        thelong-term
                                                                            long-termdebt
                                                                                      debt(Note
                                                                                           (Note14)
                                                                                                 14)measured
                                                                                                     measuredatatamortized
                                                                                                                  amortizedcost
                                                                                                                            cost
categorized
 categorizedusing
              usingthe
                    thefair
                        fairvalue
                             valuehierarchy.
                                    hierarchy.

                                                                                         As
                                                                                          AsatatSeptember
                                                                                                 September30,
                                                                                                           30,2024
                                                                                                               2024            As
                                                                                                                                AsatatSeptember
                                                                                                                                       September30,
                                                                                                                                                 30,2023
                                                                                                                                                     2023
                                                                Level
                                                                 Level        Carrying
                                                                               Carryingamount
                                                                                        amount          Fair
                                                                                                         Fairvalue
                                                                                                              value   Carrying
                                                                                                                       Carryingamount
                                                                                                                                amount        Fair
                                                                                                                                               Fairvalue
                                                                                                                                                    value
                                                                                              $$                $$                 $$                 $$
  2014
   2014U.S.
         U.S.Senior
              SeniorNotes
                     Notes                                      Level
                                                                 Level22                   ——                 ——            473,808
                                                                                                                             473,808          464,806
                                                                                                                                               464,806
  2021
   2021U.S.
         U.S.Senior
              SeniorNotes
                     Notes                                      Level
                                                                 Level22            1,342,758
                                                                                     1,342,758         1,223,120
                                                                                                        1,223,120         1,342,714
                                                                                                                           1,342,714        1,132,649
                                                                                                                                             1,132,649
  2021
   2021CAD
         CADSenior
               SeniorNotes
                      Notes                                     Level
                                                                 Level22              597,212
                                                                                       597,212           564,768
                                                                                                          564,768           596,550
                                                                                                                             596,550          503,984
                                                                                                                                               503,984
  2024
   2024CAD
         CADSenior
               SeniorNotes
                      Notes                                     Level
                                                                 Level22              746,144
                                                                                       746,144           759,375
                                                                                                          759,375                ——                ——
  Other
   Otherlong-term
          long-termdebt
                    debt                                        Level
                                                                 Level22                2,194
                                                                                         2,194             2,119
                                                                                                            2,119            10,363
                                                                                                                              10,363            9,839
                                                                                                                                                 9,839
                                                                                    2,688,308
                                                                                     2,688,308         2,549,382
                                                                                                        2,549,382         2,423,435
                                                                                                                           2,423,435        2,111,278
                                                                                                                                             2,111,278

For
 Forthe
      theremaining
          remainingfinancial
                      financialassets
                                assetsand
                                       andliabilities
                                            liabilitiesmeasured
                                                        measuredatatamortized
                                                                     amortizedcost,
                                                                               cost,the
                                                                                     thecarrying
                                                                                         carryingvalues
                                                                                                  valuesapproximate
                                                                                                         approximatethe
                                                                                                                     thefair
                                                                                                                         fairvalues
                                                                                                                              valuesofof
the
 thefinancial
      financialinstruments
                instrumentsgiven
                             giventheir
                                   theirshort
                                         shortterm
                                                termmaturity.
                                                       maturity.




CGI
 CGInc.
     Inc.––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                   Statementsfor
                                               forthe
                                                    theyears
                                                        yearsended
                                                              endedSeptember
                                                                    September30,
                                                                              30,2024
                                                                                  2024and
                                                                                       and2023
                                                                                           2023                                                        60
                                                                                                                                                        60
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 131

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
The following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value categorized using the fair value hierarchy:


                                                                                Level          As at September 30, 2024   As at September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                     $                          $
 Financial assets
  FVTE
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                  Level 2                     1,461,145                  1,568,291
      Cash included in funds held for clients (Note 5)                          Level 2                       233,584                    269,792
      Deferred compensation plan assets (Note 11)                               Level 1                       112,270                     88,076
                                                                                                            1,806,999                  1,926,159
  Derivative financial instruments designated as
    hedging instruments
      Current derivative financial instruments included in current
         financial assets                                                       Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                      —                      83,626
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                     5,055                     12,505
      Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 11)                      Level 2
          Cross-currency swaps                                                                                     —                      16,130
          Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                    2,644                      5,875
                                                                                                                7,699                    118,136
  FVOCI
    Short-term investments included in current financial assets                 Level 2                         3,279                      7,332
      Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients (Note 5)               Level 2                       223,196                    138,935
      Long-term investments (Note 11)                                           Level 2                        24,209                     17,113
                                                                                                              250,684                    163,380
 Financial liabilities
   Derivative financial instruments designated as
     hedging instruments
     Current derivative financial instruments                                   Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                      —                       2,183
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                    13,073                      2,330
      Long-term derivative financial instruments                                Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                   9,500                         —
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                    10,204                      1,700
                                                                                                               32,777                      6,213

There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                    61
132 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

MARKET RISK
Market risk incorporates a range of risks. Movements in risk factors, such as interest rate risk and currency risk, affect the fair
values of financial assets and liabilities.
Interest rate risk
The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on its unsecured committed revolving credit facility carrying amount.
The Company analyzes its interest rate risk exposure on an ongoing basis using various scenarios to simulate refinancing or
the renewal of existing positions. Based on these scenarios, a change in the interest rate of 1% would not have had a
significant impact on net earnings as of September 30, 2024, considering that the 2014 U.S. Senior Notes were fully repaid
earlier in 2024, no amounts have been drawn on the unsecured committed revolving credit facility and all other outstanding
debts bear fixed interest rates.
Currency risk
The Company operates internationally and is exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company
mitigates this risk principally through foreign currency denominated debt and derivative financial instruments, which includes
foreign currency forward contracts and cross-currency swaps.
The Company hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its U.S. operations into Canadian dollar,
with Senior U.S. unsecured notes.
The Company also hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its European operations with
cross-currency swaps.
Finally, the Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in various foreign currency
exchange rates on future revenues. Hedging relationships are designated and documented at inception and quarterly
effectiveness assessments are performed during the year.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                      62
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 133

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk (continued)
As of September 30, 2024, the 2021 U.S. Senior Notes of a carrying value of $1,342,758,000 and a nominal amount of
$1,351,500,000 are designated as hedging instruments to hedge portions of the Company’s net investments in its U.S.
operations.
The following tables summarize the cross-currency swap agreements that the Company had entered into in order to manage
its currency:

                                                                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                                                                 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023

                                                         Pay
 Receive Notional               Receive Rate         Notional                  Pay rate              Maturity           Fair value           Fair value
                                                                                                                                 $                   $
    Hedges of net investments in European operations
                                                                                               From September
         $1,270,000      From 1.62% to 4.15%         €866,365    From (0.14)% to 3.70%            2027 to 2029               (7,806)            22,966

              $136,274   From 3.57% to 3.63%          £75,842     From 2.67% to 2.80%          September 2024                    —              11,972

               $80,000                  4.15%       kr609,940     From 3.49% to 3.51%          September 2029                (1,694)            12,087
    Hedges of net investments in European operations and cash flow hedges on unsecured committed term loan credit facility

       U.S.$500,000 SOFR 1 month + 1.10%             €443,381     From 1.14% to 1.22%          December 2023                     —              44,386
    Cash flow hedges of 2014 U.S. Senior Notes

       U.S.$215,000      From 3.74% to 4.06%         $284,793     From 3.49% to 3.81%          September 2024                    —               6,163

      Total                                                                                                                  (9,500)            97,574

During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into Canadian dollar to euro fixed for fixed cross-currency
swap agreements for a notional amount of $670,000,000, related to the 2024 CAD Senior Notes which have maturity dates of
September 2027 and September 2029. The cross-currency swaps were designated as hedging instruments on the Company’s
net investment in European operations. In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into
Canadian dollar to Swedish krona fixed for fixed cross-currency swap agreements for a notional amount of $80,000,000,
related to the 2024 CAD Senior Notes which has a maturity date of September 2029. The cross-currency swaps were
designated as hedging instruments on the Company’s net investment in Swedish operations.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company settled cross-currency swaps with a notional amount of
$954,832,000 for a net gain of $38,943,000 for which $7,811,000 related to the cash flow hedge was recorded in net finance
costs and $31,132,000 related to the net investment hedge was recognized in other comprehensive income and will be
transferred to earnings when the net investment is disposed of.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                         63
134 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk (continued)
As at September 30, 2024, the Company held foreign currency forward contracts to hedge exposures to changes in foreign
currency, which have the following notional, average contract rates and maturities:

                                                                                                                         As at                   As at
                                                                       Average contract rates               September 30, 2024     September 30, 2023
Foreign currency forward contracts                  Notional   Less than one year    More than one year             Fair value               Fair value
                                                                                                                            $                       $
    USD/INR                                  U.S.$359,901                   85.23                   88.92               2,091                    (973)
    CAD/INR                                      $381,045                   64.11                   65.75                 314                   4,497
    EUR/INR                                      €112,863                   94.45                   99.84              (1,156)                  5,076
    GBP/INR                                      £107,169                  106.93                  112.11              (8,700)                  3,501
    SEK/INR                                     kr157,427                    8.18                    8.67                (720)                    (33)
    GBP/EUR                                      £202,819                    1.18                      —               (5,763)                    649
    EUR/MAD                                       €22,947                   10.66                      —                 (548)                    135
    EUR/CZK                                       €16,771                   24.64                   25.05                (473)                    (92)
    Others                                        $65,784                                                                (623)                  1,590
    Total                                                                                                             (15,578)                14,350

The following table details the Company's sensitivity to a 10% strengthening of the euro, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and
the Swedish krona, foreign currency rates on net earnings and on other comprehensive income (loss). The sensitivity analysis
on net earnings presents the impact of foreign currency denominated financial instruments and adjusts their translation at
period end for a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis on other comprehensive income (loss)
presents the impact of a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates on the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts
designated as cash flow hedges and on net investment hedges.

                                                                                         2024                                                     2023
                                                                        British      Swedish                                       British    Swedish
                                             euro      U.S. dollar       pound         krona              euro    U.S. dollar      pound        krona
                                           impact         impact        impact        impact            impact       impact       impact       impact
                                                $                $            $                $            $              $            $             $

Increase in net
  earnings                                   150           1,359         1,179           521            1,384         3,598         692           466
 Decrease in other
  comprehensive income (loss)           (174,239)       (180,405)      (17,269)        (9,631)       (155,000)     (190,539)     (29,436)      (7,005)


LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled by
delivering cash or another financial assets. The Company’s activities are financed through a combination of the cash flows
from operations, borrowing under existing unsecured committed revolving credit facility, the issuance of debt and the issuance
of equity. One of management’s primary goals is to maintain an optimal level of liquidity through the active management of the
assets and liabilities as well as the cash flows. The Company regularly monitors its cash forecasts to ensure it has sufficient
flexibility under its available liquidity to meet its obligations.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                         64
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 135

Notes
Notes to
      to the
         the Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements
For
 For the
      the years
          years ended
                ended September
                       September 30, 30, 2024
                                         2024 and
                                               and 2023
                                                   2023
(tabular
 (tabular amounts
           amounts only
                   only are
                        are in
                             in thousands
                                 thousands of
                                            of Canadian
                                               Canadian dollars,
                                                        dollars, except
                                                                 except per
                                                                        per share
                                                                            share data)
                                                                                  data)


32.
32. Financial
    Financial instruments
               instruments (continued)
                            (continued)

LIQUIDITY
LIQUIDITY RISK
          RISK (CONTINUED)
                (CONTINUED)
The
 The following
      following tables
                   tables summarize
                            summarize the
                                       the carrying
                                            carrying amount
                                                       amount andand the
                                                                      the contractual
                                                                            contractual maturities
                                                                                        maturities of
                                                                                                   of both
                                                                                                      both the
                                                                                                            the interest
                                                                                                                 interest and
                                                                                                                          and principal
                                                                                                                              principal portion
                                                                                                                                        portion of
                                                                                                                                                of
financial
 financial liabilities.
            liabilities.All
                         All amounts
                             amounts contractually
                                     contractually denominated
                                                      denominated in   in foreign
                                                                           foreign currency
                                                                                   currency are
                                                                                            are presented
                                                                                                 presented inin Canadian
                                                                                                                 Canadian dollar
                                                                                                                            dollar equivalent
                                                                                                                                   equivalent
amounts
 amounts using
             using the
                     the period-end
                         period-end spot
                                     spot rate
                                           rate or
                                                or floating
                                                    floating rate.
                                                              rate.

                                                                                                         Between
                                                                                                         Betweenoneone        Between
                                                                                                                               Between
                                                          Carrying
                                                          Carrying     Contractual
                                                                       Contractual          Less
                                                                                            Lessthan
                                                                                                 than             and
                                                                                                                   and   three
                                                                                                                          threeand
                                                                                                                                andfive
                                                                                                                                     five      Beyond
                                                                                                                                                Beyond
As
Asat
   atSeptember
     September30,
               30,2024
                   2024                                    amount
                                                            amount      cash
                                                                         cashflows
                                                                              flows          one
                                                                                             oneyear
                                                                                                 year     three
                                                                                                           threeyears
                                                                                                                 years            years
                                                                                                                                   years    five
                                                                                                                                             fiveyears
                                                                                                                                                  years
                                                                 $$               $$                $$              $$                $$             $$
 Non-derivative
 Non-derivativefinancial
                   financialliabilities
                             liabilities
  Accounts
  Accountspayable
                payableand
                        andaccrued
                              accruedliabilities
                                         liabilities     999,790
                                                         999,790         999,790
                                                                         999,790            999,790
                                                                                            999,790               —
                                                                                                                  —                  —
                                                                                                                                     —             —
                                                                                                                                                   —
  Accrued
  Accruedcompensation
               compensationand andemployee-related
                                     employee-related
    liabilities
     liabilities                                        1,165,903
                                                        1,165,903      1,165,903
                                                                       1,165,903        1,165,903
                                                                                        1,165,903                 —
                                                                                                                  —                  —
                                                                                                                                     —             —
                                                                                                                                                   —
  2021
  2021U.S.U.S.Senior
                 SeniorNotes
                       Notes                            1,342,758
                                                        1,342,758      1,462,053
                                                                       1,462,053             24,191
                                                                                             24,191         847,526
                                                                                                            847,526            24,868
                                                                                                                               24,868       565,468
                                                                                                                                            565,468
   2021
   2021CAD
        CADSenior
           SeniorNotes
                  Notes                                  597,212
                                                         597,212         650,400
                                                                         650,400             12,600
                                                                                             12,600           25,200
                                                                                                              25,200          612,600
                                                                                                                              612,600              —
                                                                                                                                                   —
   2024
   2024CAD
        CADSenior
           SeniorNotes
                  Notes                                  746,144
                                                         746,144         879,191
                                                                         879,191             30,623
                                                                                             30,623         361,245
                                                                                                            361,245           487,323
                                                                                                                              487,323            ——
   Lease
   Leaseliabilities
          liabilities                                    620,095
                                                         620,095         697,298
                                                                         697,298            173,061
                                                                                            173,061         254,475
                                                                                                            254,475           166,326
                                                                                                                              166,326       103,436
                                                                                                                                            103,436
   Other
   Otherlong-term
         long-termdebtdebt                                 2,194
                                                           2,194           2,312
                                                                           2,312              1,028
                                                                                              1,028             823
                                                                                                                823               197
                                                                                                                                  197           264
                                                                                                                                                264
   Clients’
   Clients’funds
            fundsobligations
                 obligations                             504,515
                                                         504,515         504,515
                                                                         504,515            504,515
                                                                                            504,515               —
                                                                                                                  —                  —
                                                                                                                                     —             —
                                                                                                                                                   —
  Derivative
  Derivativefinancial
               financialliabilities
                         liabilities
   Cash
   Cashflowflowhedges
                 hedgesof offuture
                             futurerevenue
                                     revenue               23,277
                                                           23,277
       Outflow
        Outflow                                                           744,758
                                                                           744,758           186,439
                                                                                              186,439        545,077
                                                                                                              545,077          13,242
                                                                                                                                13,242             —
                                                                                                                                                   —
       (Inflow)
        (Inflow)                                                         (758,162)
                                                                          (758,162)         (175,510)
                                                                                             (175,510)      (568,052)
                                                                                                             (568,052)        (14,600)
                                                                                                                               (14,600)            —
                                                                                                                                                   —
   Cross-currency
   Cross-currencyswapsswaps                                 9,500
                                                            9,500
       Outflow
        Outflow                                                         1,496,435
                                                                         1,496,435         26,090
                                                                                            26,090          353,834
                                                                                                             353,834        1,116,511
                                                                                                                             1,116,511           ——
       (Inflow)
        (Inflow)                                                       (1,518,971)
                                                                        (1,518,971)       (40,681)
                                                                                           (40,681)        (381,060)
                                                                                                            (381,060)      (1,097,230)
                                                                                                                            (1,097,230)          ——
                                                        6,011,388
                                                        6,011,388       6,325,522
                                                                         6,325,522      2,908,049
                                                                                        2,908,049         1,439,068
                                                                                                          1,439,068         1,309,237
                                                                                                                             1,309,237      669,168
                                                                                                                                            669,168

                                                                                                         Between
                                                                                                         Betweenoneone         Between
                                                                                                                                Between
                                                          Carrying
                                                          Carrying      Contractual
                                                                        Contractual         Less
                                                                                             Lessthan
                                                                                                  than            and
                                                                                                                   and    three
                                                                                                                           threeand
                                                                                                                                 andfive
                                                                                                                                     five      Beyond
                                                                                                                                                Beyond
As
Asat
   atSeptember
     September30,
               30,2023
                   2023                                    amount
                                                            amount       cash
                                                                          cashflows
                                                                               flows         one
                                                                                              oneyear
                                                                                                  year    three
                                                                                                           threeyears
                                                                                                                 years            years
                                                                                                                                   years    five
                                                                                                                                             fiveyears
                                                                                                                                                  years
                                                                 $$               $$                $$              $$                $$             $$
Non-derivative
Non-derivativefinancial
               financialliabilities
                         liabilities
   Accounts
   Accountspayable
            payableand
                   andaccrued
                       accruedliabilities
                               liabilities               924,659
                                                         924,659         924,659
                                                                         924,659            924,659
                                                                                            924,659               —
                                                                                                                  —                  —
                                                                                                                                     —             —
                                                                                                                                                   —
   Accrued
   Accruedcompensation
               compensationand
                           andemployee-related
                               employee-related
    liabilities
     liabilities                                        1,100,566
                                                        1,100,566      1,100,566
                                                                       1,100,566        1,100,566
                                                                                        1,100,566                 —
                                                                                                                  —                  —
                                                                                                                                     —             —
                                                                                                                                                   —
   2014
   2014U.S.
        U.S.Senior
            SeniorNotes
                   Notes                                  473,808
                                                          473,808        492,722
                                                                         492,722          492,722
                                                                                          492,722                 —
                                                                                                                  —                  —
                                                                                                                                     —             —
                                                                                                                                                   —
   2021
   2021U.S.
        U.S.Senior
            SeniorNotes
                   Notes
                                                        1,342,714
                                                        1,342,714      1,488,774
                                                                       1,488,774             24,233
                                                                                             24,233         860,746
                                                                                                            860,746            24,910
                                                                                                                               24,910       578,885
                                                                                                                                            578,885
   2021
   2021CAD CADSenior
                   SeniorNotes
                           Notes                          596,550
                                                          596,550        663,000
                                                                         663,000             12,600
                                                                                             12,600          25,200
                                                                                                             25,200           625,200
                                                                                                                              625,200            ——
   Unsecured
   Unsecuredcommitted
                    committedtermtermloan
                                        loancredit
                                             credit
     facility
      facility                                           676,886
                                                         676,886         687,419
                                                                         687,419            687,419
                                                                                            687,419              ——                ——            ——
   Lease
   Leaseliabilities
             liabilities                                 641,963
                                                         641,963         722,284
                                                                         722,284            221,877
                                                                                            221,877         238,009
                                                                                                            238,009           139,275
                                                                                                                              139,275       123,123
                                                                                                                                            123,123
   Other
   Otherlong-term
            long-termdebtdebt                             10,363
                                                          10,363          10,448
                                                                          10,448              8,353
                                                                                              8,353           1,328
                                                                                                              1,328               449
                                                                                                                                  449           318
                                                                                                                                                318
   Clients’
   Clients’funds
               fundsobligations
                       obligations                       493,638
                                                         493,638         493,638
                                                                         493,638            493,638
                                                                                            493,638              ——                ——            ——
  Derivative
  Derivativefinancial
                 financialliabilities
                            liabilities
   Cash
   Cashflowflowhedges
                  hedgesof  offuture
                               futurerevenue
                                        revenue             4,030
                                                            4,030
        Outflow
        Outflow                                                           328,455
                                                                           328,455           155,450
                                                                                              155,450        163,091
                                                                                                              163,091            9,914
                                                                                                                                 9,914             —
                                                                                                                                                   —
       (Inflow)
        (Inflow)                                                         (331,954)
                                                                          (331,954)         (154,116)
                                                                                             (154,116)      (166,967)
                                                                                                             (166,967)        (10,871)
                                                                                                                               (10,871)            —
                                                                                                                                                   —
   Cross-currency
   Cross-currencyswaps
                  swaps                                     2,183
                                                            2,183
       Outflow
        Outflow                                                           93,311
                                                                           93,311          93,311
                                                                                            93,311               ——                ——            ——
       (Inflow)
        (Inflow)                                                         (91,353)
                                                                          (91,353)        (91,353)
                                                                                           (91,353)              ——                ——            ——
                                                        6,267,360
                                                        6,267,360      6,581,969
                                                                       6,581,969        3,969,359
                                                                                        3,969,359         1,121,407
                                                                                                          1,121,407           788,877
                                                                                                                              788,877       702,326
                                                                                                                                            702,326




CGI
CGIInc.
    Inc.––Consolidated
          ConsolidatedFinancial
                       FinancialStatements
                                Statementsfor
                                           forthe
                                               theyears
                                                   yearsended
                                                         endedSeptember
                                                              September30,
                                                                        30,2024
                                                                            2024and
                                                                                 and2023
                                                                                     2023                                                           65
                                                                                                                                                     65
136 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)
As at September 30, 2024, the Company held cash and cash equivalents, funds held for clients, short-term investments and
long-term investments of $1,995,413,000 ($2,081,463,000 as at September 30, 2023). The Company also had available
$1,496,355,000 in unsecured committed revolving credit facility ($1,495,858,000 as at September 30, 2023). As at
September 30, 2024, trade accounts receivable amounted to $1,117,712,000 (Note 4) ($1,152,880,000 as at September 30,
2023). Given the Company’s available liquid resources as compared to the timing of the payments of liabilities, management
assesses the Company’s liquidity risk to be low.

CREDIT RISK
The Company takes on exposure to credit risk, which is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to pay amounts in full when
due. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable, work in progress, long-term investments and derivative financial instruments with a positive
fair value. The maximum exposure of credit risk is generally represented by the carrying amount of these items reported on the
consolidated balance sheets.
The Company is exposed to credit risk in connection with long-term investments through the possible inability of borrowers to
meet the terms of their obligations. The Company mitigates this risk by investing primarily in high credit quality corporate and
government bonds with a credit rating of A- or higher. The application of the low credit exemption had no material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.
The Company has accounts receivable derived from clients engaged in various industries including government; financial
services; manufacturing, retail and distribution; communications and utilities; and health that are not concentrated in any
specific geographic area. These specific industries may be affected by economic factors that may impact trade accounts
receivable. However, management does not believe that the Company is subject to any significant credit risk in view of the
Company’s large and diversified client base and that any single industry or geographic region represents a significant credit
risk to the Company. Historically, the Company has not made any significant write-offs and had low bad debt ratios. The
application of the simplified approach to measure expected credit losses for trade accounts receivable and work in progress
had no material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

The following table sets forth details of the age of trade accounts receivable that are past due:
                                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                                         $                      $
Not past due                                                                                   1,005,651               1,034,795
Past due 1-30 days                                                                                  71,445               82,536
Past due 31-60 days                                                                                 18,352               17,630
Past due 61-90 days                                                                                 11,957                 9,925
Past due more than 90 days                                                                          13,367               10,913
                                                                                               1,120,772               1,155,799
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                     (3,060)               (2,919)
                                                                                               1,117,712               1,152,880

In addition, the exposure to credit risk of cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients and derivatives
financial instruments is limited given that the Company deals mainly with a diverse group of high-grade financial institutions
and that derivatives agreements are generally subject to master netting agreements, such as the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, which provide for net settlement of all outstanding contracts with the counterparty in case of an event
of default.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                    66
                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2024 RESULTS — 137

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


33. Capital risk management

The Company is exposed to risks of varying degrees of significance which could affect its ability to achieve its strategic
objectives for growth. The main objectives of the Company’s risk management process are to ensure that risks are properly
identified and that the capital base is adequate in relation to these risks.
The Company manages its capital to ensure that there are adequate capital resources while maximizing the return to
shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. As at September 30, 2024, total managed capital was
$14,225,026,000 ($13,645,314,000 as at September 30, 2023). Managed capital consists of long-term debt, including the
current portion (Note 14), lease liabilities, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments (Note 11)
and shareholders’ equity. The basis for the Company’s capital structure is dependent on the Company’s expected business
growth and changes in the business environment. When capital needs have been specified, the Company’s management
proposes capital transactions for the approval of the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee and Board of
Directors. The capital risk policy remains unchanged from prior periods.
The Company monitors its capital by reviewing various financial metrics, including Net Debt/Capitalization.
Net debt represents debt (including the current portion and the fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments
related to debt) and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments.
Capitalization is shareholders’ equity plus net debt.
Furthermore, the Company is subject to covenants and ratios contained in its unsecured committed revolving credit facility.
The ratios are as follows:

       -     Leverage ratio, which is the ratio of total debt net of cash and cash equivalent investments to adjusted EBITDA for its
             unsecured committed revolving credit facility for the four most recent quarters. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as
             earnings from continuing operations before finance costs, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, cost optimization
             program and acquisition-related and integration costs1.

       -     An interest and rent coverage ratio, which is the ratio of the EBITDAR for the four most recent quarters to the total
             finance costs and the operating rentals in the same periods. EBITDAR is calculated as adjusted EBITDA before rent
             expense1.
These ratios are calculated on a consolidated basis. The Company believes that the results of the current internal ratios are
consistent with its capital management's objectives.
The Company is in compliance with these covenants and ratios and monitors them on an ongoing basis. The ratios are also
reviewed quarterly by the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee. The Company is not subject to any other
externally imposed capital requirements.


1
    In the event of an acquisition, the available historical financial information of the acquired company will be used in the computation of the ratios.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023                                                                67
138

Shareholder Information
Shareholder Information Listing                                            Transfer Agent and Registrar
IPO: 1986                                                                  Computershare Investor Services Inc.
Toronto Stock Exchange, April 1992: GIB.A                                  100 University Avenue, 8th floor
New York Stock Exchange, October 1998: GIB                                 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1
Number of shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024:                     Telephone: 1 800 564-6253
203,774,163 Class A subordinate voting shares                              www.investorcentre.com/service
24,122,758 Class B shares (multiple voting)
                                                                           Investor Relations
High/Low of share price from October 1, 2023
                                                                           For further information about the Company, additional copies
to September 30, 2024:
                                                                           of this report, or other financial information, please contact:
                                 TSX (CDN$)                 NYSE (U.S.$)
                                                                           CGI Inc.
High:                             160.40                      118.89       Investor Relations
Low:                              129.00                        93.07      Email: ir@cgi.com
                                                                           Web: cgi.com/investors
                                                                           1350 René-Lévesque Blvd West,
The certifications required by National Instrument 52-109
                                                                           20th floor
Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
                                                                           Montréal, Quebec H3G 1T4
whereby CGI’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                           Canada
certify the accuracy of the information contained in CGI’s Annual
                                                                           Tel.: 514-841-3200
Information Form, Annual Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements, and Annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis                Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
are available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ website
                                                                           The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will be held virtually
at www.sedarplus.ca. Similar certifications required by
                                                                           on January 29, 2025 at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Standard Time) via live
Rule 13a-14(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
                                                                           webcast at https://www.icastpro.ca/q0jsqn (Password: CGI2024).
as amended, and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
                                                                           Shareholders will have the opportunity to participate in real time
are attached as exhibits to our Form 40-F, which is available on
                                                                           and vote at the Meeting online in the manner set forth in CGI’s
EDGAR at www.sec.gov. The certification required by Section
                                                                           Management Proxy Circular, through a web-based platform,
303A.12(c) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual is also filed
                                                                           regardless of their geographic location.
annually with the New York Stock Exchange. CGI is a foreign
private issuer, as defined under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and files disclosure documents in
accordance with the multijurisdictional disclosure system (MJDS).
As such, many of the corporate governance rules applicable to
U.S. domestic companies are not applicable to CGI. However,
CGI’s corporate governance practices generally conform to those
followed by U.S. domestic companies under the New York Stock
Exchange listing standards, other than with respect to certain
specific rules, including that CGI requires shareholder approval of
share compensation arrangements involving the issuances of new
shares, but does not require such approval if the compensation
arrangement involves only shares purchased in the open market,
consistent with the laws applicable to CGI. A summary of these
practices is provided in the report of the Corporate Governance
Committee contained in CGI’s Management Proxy Circular, which
is available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ website
at www.sedarplus.ca, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on CGI’s
website at www.cgi.com.

Auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Insights you can act on
Founded in 1976, CGI is among the largest IT and
business consulting services firms in the world.
We are insights-driven and outcomes-focused
to help accelerate returns on your investments.
Across hundreds of locations worldwide,
we provide comprehensive, scalable and
sustainable IT and business consulting services
that are informed globally and delivered locally.
cgi.com/investors
Contact: ir@cgi.com

© 2024 CGI Inc.
