Fiscal 2025
results
Contents   1		 Management’s Discussion
               and Analysis

           74		 Management’s and
                Auditor’s Reports

           79		 Consolidated
                Financial Statements

           140 Shareholder Information
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
November 5, 2025


BASIS OF PRESENTATION
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Position and Results of Operations (MD&A) is a responsibility of
management and has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. This MD&A has been prepared in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the Canadian Securities Administrators. The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for
reviewing and approving the MD&A. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility through its Audit and Risk
Management Committee, which is appointed by the Board of Directors and is comprised entirely of independent and financially
literate directors.

Throughout this document, CGI Inc. is referred to as “CGI”, “we”, “us”, “our” or “Company”. This MD&A provides information
management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial
condition of the Company. This document should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024. CGI’s accounting policies are in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting
Standards). All dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.

During the first quarter of Fiscal 2025, the Company combined the previously reported items Acquisition-related and integration
costs and Cost Optimization Program into one operating expenses line called Restructuring, acquisition and related integration
costs. Comparative figures were combined to align with the new presentation. See section 3.6.1. for more details.

MATERIALITY OF DISCLOSURES
This MD&A includes information we believe is material to investors. We consider something to be material if it results in, or
would reasonably be expected to result in, a significant change in the market price or value of our shares, or if it is likely that a
reasonable investor would consider the information to be important in making an investment decision.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This MD&A contains “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other applicable
United States safe harbours. All such forward-looking information and statements are made and disclosed in reliance upon the
safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian and United States securities laws. Forward-looking information and statements
include all information and statements regarding CGI’s intentions, plans, expectations, beliefs, objectives, future performance,
and strategy, as well as any other information or statements that relate to future events or circumstances and which do not
directly and exclusively relate to historical facts. Forward-looking information and statements often but not always use words
such as “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “anticipate”, “foresee”, “plan”, “predict”, “project”, “aim”, “seek”, “strive”,
“potential”, “continue”, “target”, “may”, “might”, “could”, “should”, and similar expressions and variations thereof. These
information and statements are based on our perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future
developments, as well as other assumptions, both general and specific, that we believe are appropriate in the circumstances.
Such information and statements are, however, by their very nature, subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, of which many
are beyond the control of the Company, and which give rise to the possibility that actual results could differ materially from our
expectations expressed in, or implied by, such forward-looking information or forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include but are not restricted to: risks related to the market such as the level of business activity of our clients,
which is affected by economic and political conditions, additional external risks (such as pandemics, armed conflict, climate-
related issues, inflation, tariffs and/or trade wars) and our ability to negotiate new contracts; risks related to our industry such
as competition and our ability to develop and expand our services to address emerging business demands and technology
trends (such as artificial intelligence), to penetrate new markets, and to protect our intellectual property rights; risks related to
our business such as risks associated with our growth strategy, including the integration of new operations, financial and
operational risks inherent in worldwide operations, legal and operational risks inherent in contracting with government clients,
foreign exchange risks, income tax laws and other tax programs, the termination, modification, delay or suspension of our
contractual agreements, our expectations regarding future revenue resulting from bookings and backlog, our ability to attract



© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page      1
2 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




and retain qualified employees, to negotiate favourable contractual terms, to deliver our services and to collect receivables, to
disclose, manage and implement environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives and standards, and to achieve ESG
commitments and targets, including without limitation, our commitment to net-zero carbon emissions, as well as the
reputational and financial risks attendant to cybersecurity breaches and other incidents, including through the use of artificial
intelligence, and financial risks such as liquidity needs and requirements, maintenance of financial ratios, our ability to declare
and pay dividends, interest rate fluctuations and changes in creditworthiness and credit ratings; as well as other risks identified
or incorporated by reference in this MD&A and in other documents that we make public, including our filings with the Canadian
Securities Administrators (on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (on EDGAR
at www.sec.gov). Unless otherwise stated, the forward-looking information and statements contained in this MD&A are made
as of the date hereof and CGI disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking information
or forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by
applicable law. While we believe that our assumptions on which these forward-looking information and forward-looking
statements are based were reasonable as at the date of this MD&A, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking information or statements. Furthermore, readers are reminded that forward-looking information and
statements are presented for the sole purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives, strategic
priorities and business outlook as well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned that such information
may not be appropriate for other purposes. Further information on the risks that could cause our actual results to differ
significantly from our current expectations may be found in section 10 - Risk Environment, which is incorporated by reference
in this cautionary statement. We also caution readers that the risks described in the previously mentioned section and in other
sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or
that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse effect on our financial position, financial
performance, cash flows, business or reputation.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page   2
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 3
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES
The reader should note that the Company reports its financial results in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.
However, we use a combination of GAAP, non-GAAP and supplementary financial measures and ratios to assess the
Company’s performance. The non-GAAP measures used in this MD&A do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by
IFRS Accounting Standards and are therefore unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.
These measures should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information
prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

The table below summarizes our most relevant key performance measures:

 Growth             Revenue prior to foreign currency impact (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue before foreign
                    currency translation impacts. This is calculated by translating current period results in local currency
                    using the conversion rates in the equivalent period from the prior year. Given that we have a strong
                    presence globally and are affected by most major international currencies, management believes that it is
                    helpful to adjust revenue to exclude the impact of currency fluctuations to facilitate period-to-period
                    comparisons of business performance and that this measure is useful for investors for the same reason.
                    A reconciliation of the revenue prior to foreign currency impact to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards
                    measure can be found in section 3.4. and 5.4. of the present document.
                    Constant currency revenue growth (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue growth before foreign
                    currency translation impacts. This is calculated by translating current period results in local currency
                    using the conversion rates in the equivalent period from the prior year. Management believes its use of
                    this measure is helpful for investors to facilitate period-to-period comparisons of our business growth.
                    Bookings – are new binding contractual agreements including wins, extensions and renewals. In
                    addition, our bookings are comprised of committed spend and estimates from management that are
                    subject to change, including demand-driven usage, such as volume-based and time and material
                    contracts, as well as price indexation and option years. Management evaluates factors such as prices
                    and past history to support its estimates. Management believes that it is a key indicator of the volume of
                    our business over time and potential future revenue and that it is useful trend information to investors for
                    the same reason. Information regarding our bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted
                    for, an analysis of our revenue. Additional information on bookings can be found in section 3.1. and 5.1.
                    of the present document.
                    Backlog – includes bookings, backlog acquired through business acquisitions, backlog consumed during
                    the period as a result of client work performed as well as the impact of foreign currencies to our existing
                    contracts. Backlog incorporates estimates from management that are subject to change and are mainly
                    driven from bookings. Backlog is adjusted when there are reductions in contractual commitments,
                    resulting from client decisions, such as contract terminations. Management tracks this measure as it is a
                    key indicator of our best estimate of contracted revenue to be realized in the future and believes that this
                    measure is useful trend information to investors for the same reason.
                    Book-to-bill ratio – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings to our revenue in the
                    quarter. This metric allows management to monitor the Company’s business development efforts during
                    the quarter to grow our backlog and our business over time and management believes that this measure
                    is useful for investors for the same reason.
                    Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve months – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings
                    to our revenue over the last trailing twelve-month period as management believes that monitoring the
                    Company's bookings over a longer period is a more representative measure as the services and contract
                    type, size and timing of bookings could cause this measurement to fluctuate significantly if taken for only
                    a three-month period and as such is useful for investors for the same reason. Management's objective is
                    to maintain a target ratio greater than 100% over a trailing twelve-month period.



© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page     3
4 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




 Profitability     Restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs – restructuring costs mainly include costs
                   related to termination of employment and vacated leased premises under specific initiatives. Acquisition-
                   related costs mainly include third-party professional fees incurred to close acquisitions. Integration costs
                   are mainly comprised of expenses due to redundancy of employment and contractual agreements,
                   cancellation of acquired leased premises and costs related to the integration towards the CGI operating
                   model.
                   Earnings before income taxes – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders before income
                   taxes.
                   Earnings before income taxes margin – is obtained by dividing our earnings before income taxes by
                   our revenues. Management believes a percentage of revenue measure is meaningful for better
                   comparability from period-to-period.
                   Adjusted EBIT (non-GAAP) – is a measure of earnings excluding restructuring, acquisition and related
                   integration costs, net finance costs and income tax expense. Management believes its use of this
                   measure, which excludes items that are non-related to day-to-day operations, such as the impact of
                   these costs, capital structure and income taxes, is helpful to investors to better evaluate the Company's
                   core operating performance. This measure also allows for better comparability from period-to-period and
                   trend analysis. A reconciliation of the adjusted EBIT to its closest IFRS Accounting Standard measure
                   can be found in section 3.6. and 5.6. of the present document.

                   Adjusted EBIT margin (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our adjusted EBIT by our revenues.
                   Management believes its use of this measure, which evaluates our core operating performance before
                   restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs, capital structure and income taxes when
                   compared to our revenues, is relevant to investors for better comparability from period-to-period. This
                   measure demonstrates the Company's ability to grow in a cost-effective manner, executing on our Build
                   and Buy profitable growth strategy. A reconciliation of the adjusted EBIT to its closest IFRS Accounting
                   Standards measure can be found in section 3.6. and 5.6. of the present document.
                   Net earnings – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders.
                   Net earnings margin – is obtained by dividing our net earnings by our revenues. Management believes
                   a percentage of revenue measure is meaningful for better comparability from period-to-period.
                   Diluted earnings per share (diluted EPS) – is a measure of net earnings generated for shareholders on
                   a per share basis, assuming all dilutive elements are exercised. See note 21 of our audited consolidated
                   financial statements for additional information on earnings per share.
                   Adjusted net earnings (non-GAAP) – is a measure of net earnings excluding restructuring, acquisition
                   and related integration costs. Management believes its use of this measure best demonstrates to
                   investors the net earnings generated from our day-to-day operations by excluding these costs, for better
                   comparability from period-to-period. A reconciliation of the adjusted net earnings to its closest IFRS
                   Accounting Standards measure can be found in section 3.8.3. and 5.6.1. of the present document.

                   Adjusted net earnings margin (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our adjusted net earnings by our
                   revenues. Management believes its use of this measure, which evaluates our core operating
                   performance when compared to our revenues, is relevant to investors to assess their returns and for
                   better comparability from period-to-period. This measure demonstrates the Company's ability to grow in a
                   cost-effective manner, executing on our Build and Buy profitable growth strategy. A reconciliation of the
                   adjusted net earnings to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards measure can be found in section 3.8.3.
                   and 5.6.1. of the present document.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page     4
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 5
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




                   Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) – is defined as the adjusted net earnings on a per
                   share basis. Management believes its use of this measure is useful for investors as excluding
                   restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs best reflects the Company's ongoing operating
                   performance on a per share basis and allows for better comparability from period-to-period. The diluted
                   earnings per share reported in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards can be found in section 3.8.
                   and 5.6. of the present document while the adjusted basic and diluted earnings per share can be found in
                   section 3.8.3. and 5.6.1. of the present document.
                   Adjusted income tax expense (non-GAAP) – is defined as our income tax expense before the tax
                   expense related to restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs. Management believes its use
                   of this measure allows for better comparability from period-to-period of its income tax expense on its
                   operations, and is useful for investors for the same reason. A reconciliation of the adjusted income tax
                   expense to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards measure can be found in section 3.8.3. and 5.6.1. of
                   the present document.
                   Adjusted effective tax rate (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our income tax expense by earnings
                   before income taxes, before restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs. Management
                   believes its use of this measure allows for better comparability from period-to-period of its effective tax
                   rate on its operations, and is useful for investors for the same reason. A reconciliation of the adjusted
                   effective tax rate to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards measure can be found in section 3.8.3. and
                   5.6.1. of the present document.
 Liquidity         Cash provided by operating activities – is a measure of cash generated from managing our day-to-
                   day business operations. Management believes strong operating cash flow is indicative of financial
                   flexibility, allowing us to execute the Company's Build and Buy profitable growth strategy.
                   Cash provided by operating activities as a percentage of revenue – is obtained by dividing our cash
                   provided by operating activities by our revenues. Management believes strong operating cash flow
                   compared to our revenues is a key indicator of our financial flexibility to execute the Company's Build and
                   Buy profitable growth strategy.
                   Days sales outstanding (DSO) – is the average number of days needed to convert our trade
                   receivables and work in progress into cash. DSO is obtained by subtracting deferred revenue from trade
                   accounts receivable and work in progress; the result is divided by our most recent quarter’s revenue over
                   90 days. Management tracks this metric closely to ensure timely collection and healthy liquidity.
                   Management believes that this measure is useful for investors as it demonstrates the Company's ability
                   to timely convert its trade receivables and work in progress into cash.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page    5
6 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




 Capital Structure Net debt (non-GAAP) – is obtained by subtracting from our debt and lease liabilities, our cash and cash
                   equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments and adjusting for fair value of foreign
                   currency derivative financial instruments related to debt. Management believes its use of the net debt
                   metric to monitor the Company's financial leverage is useful for investors as it provides insight into its
                   financial strength. A reconciliation of net debt to its closest IFRS Accounting Standards measure can be
                   found in section 4.5. of the present document.
                     Net debt to capitalization ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of our level of financial leverage and is
                     obtained by dividing the net debt by the sum of shareholders' equity and net debt. Management believes
                     its use of the net debt to capitalization ratio is useful for investors as it monitors the proportion of debt
                     versus capital used to finance the Company's operations.
                     Return on invested capital (ROIC) (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the Company’s efficiency at
                     allocating the capital under its control to profitable investments and is calculated as the proportion of the
                     net earnings excluding net finance costs after-tax for the last twelve months, over the last four quarters'
                     average invested capital, which is defined as the sum of shareholders' equity and net debt. Management
                     believes its use of this ratio is useful for investors as it assesses how well it is using its capital to
                     generate returns.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page     6
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 7
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




REPORTING SEGMENTS

Effective October 1, 2024, the Company realigned its management structure, resulting in the reorganization of its operating
segments. The former operating segments of Scandinavia and Central Europe (Germany, Sweden, and Norway) and
Northwest and Central-East Europe (primarily Netherlands, Denmark, and Czech Republic) were reorganized into
Scandinavia, Northwest, and Central-East Europe operating segment (primarily Sweden, Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, and
Czech Republic), and Germany operating segment. As a result, the Company is managed through the following nine operating
segments: Western and Southern Europe (primarily France, Portugal and Spain); United States (U.S.) Commercial and State
Government; U.S. Federal; Canada; Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe (primarily Sweden, Netherlands,
Norway, Denmark and Czech Republic); United Kingdom (U.K.) and Australia; Germany; Finland, Poland and Baltics; and Asia
Pacific Global Delivery Centers of Excellence (mainly India and Philippines) (Asia Pacific).

The Company has restated the segmented information for the comparative period to conform to the new segmented
information structure.

See sections 3.4., 3.7., 5.4. and 5.5. of the present document and note 29 of our audited consolidated financial statements for
additional information on our operating segments.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page      7
8 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




MD&A OBJECTIVES AND CONTENTS
In this document, we:
      •      Provide a narrative explanation of the audited consolidated financial statements through the eyes of management;
      •      Provide the context within which the audited consolidated financial statements should be analyzed, by giving
             enhanced disclosure about the dynamics and trends of the Company’s business; and
      •      Provide information to assist the reader in ascertaining the likelihood that past performance may be indicative of
             future performance.
In order to achieve these objectives, this MD&A is presented in the following main sections:

 Section                              Contents                                                                              Pages

 1.       Corporate                   1.1.   About CGI                                                                        10

          Overview                    1.2.   Vision and Strategy                                                              11

                                      1.3.   Competitive Environment                                                          13

 2.       Highlights and Key          2.1.   Selected Yearly Information and Key Performance Measures                         14

          Performance                 2.2.   Stock Performance                                                                15

          Measures                    2.3.   Investment in Subsidiaries                                                       17

                                      2.4.   Notes of Issuance                                                                17

 3.       Financial Review            3.1.   Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                                  18

                                      3.2.   Foreign Exchange                                                                 19

                                      3.3.   Revenue Distribution                                                             20

                                      3.4.   Revenue by Segment                                                               21

                                      3.5.   Operating Expenses                                                               24

                                      3.6.   Earnings Before Income Taxes                                                     25

                                      3.7.   Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                         26

                                      3.8.   Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                              28

 4.       Liquidity                   4.1.   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                            30

                                      4.2.   Capital Resources                                                                34

                                      4.3.   Contractual Obligations                                                          34

                                      4.4.   Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions                                   34

                                      4.5.   Selected Measures of Capital Resources and Liquidity                             35

                                      4.6.   Guarantees                                                                       36

                                      4.7.   Capability to Deliver Results                                                    36




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   8
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




 Section                          Contents                                                                           Pages
 5.    Fourth Quarter Results     5.1.    Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                              37

                                  5.2.    Foreign Exchange                                                             38

                                  5.3.    Revenue Distribution                                                         39

                                  5.4.    Revenue by Segment                                                           40

                                  5.5.    Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                     43

                                  5.6.    Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                          45

                                  5.7.    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                        47
                                  A summary of the past eight quarters' key performance measures and a
 6.     Eight Quarter Summary                                                                                          49
                                  discussion of the factors that could impact our quarterly results.
 7.     Changes in Accounting     A summary of accounting standards adopted and future accounting standard
                                                                                                                       51
        Policies                  changes.
 8.     Critical Accounting       A discussion of the critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of the
                                                                                                                       53
        Estimates                 audited consolidated financial statements.
                                  A discussion of the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures
 9.     Integrity of Disclosure   and controls to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally     56
                                  is complete and reliable.

 10.    Risk Environment          10.1.    Risks and Uncertainties                                                     58

                                  10.2.    Legal Proceedings                                                           72




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page   9
10 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




1. Corporate Overview
1.1. ABOUT CGI
Founded in 1976 and headquartered in Montréal, Canada, CGI is a leading IT and business consulting services firm with
approximately 94,000 consultants and professionals worldwide. We use the power of technology to help clients accelerate
their holistic digital transformation.
CGI has a people-centered culture, operating where our clients live and work to build trusted relationships and to advance our
shared communities. Our consultants and professionals are committed to providing actionable insights that help clients
achieve their business outcomes. CGI’s global delivery centers complement our proximity-based teams, offering clients added
options that deliver scale, innovation and delivery excellence in every engagement.
End-to-end services and solutions

CGI delivers end-to-end services that help clients achieve the highest returns on their digital investments. We call this ROI-led
digitization. Our insights-driven end-to-end services and solutions work together to help clients design, implement, run and
operate the technology critical to achieving their business strategies. Our portfolio encompasses:
      i.     Business and strategic IT consulting, and systems integration services: CGI helps clients drive sustainable
             value in critical consulting areas, including strategy, organization and change management, core operations and
             technology. Within each of these areas, our consultants also deliver a broad range of business offerings to address
             client executives' priorities, including designing and advancing strategies for the responsible use of artificial
             intelligence (AI), sustainable supply chain management, environmental, social and governance (ESG), mergers and
             acquisitions, and more. In the area of systems integration, we help clients accelerate the enterprise modernization
             of their legacy systems and adopt new technologies to drive innovation and deliver real-time and insight-driven
             customer and citizen services.

     ii.     Managed IT and business process services: Working as an extension of our clients’ organizations, we take on
             full or partial responsibility for managing their IT functions, freeing them up to focus on their strategic business
             direction. Our services enable clients to reinvest, alongside CGI, in the successful execution of their digital
             transformation roadmaps. We help them increase agility, scalability and resilience; deliver operational efficiencies,
             innovations and reduced costs; and embed security and data privacy controls. Typical services include: application
             development, modernization and maintenance; holistic enterprise digitization, AI and automation, hybrid and cloud
             management; and business process services. When clients partner with CGI as part of a managed services
             engagement, they also benefit from CGI DigiOps, our AI-powered service delivery approach that can deliver
             sustainable double-digit efficiency improvements.

     iii.    Intellectual property (IP) business solutions: CGI's portfolio of IP solutions are highly configurable “business
             platforms as a service” that are embedded within our end-to-end service offerings and utilize integrated security,
             data privacy practices, provider-neutral cloud approaches, and advanced AI capabilities to provide immediate
             benefits to clients. We invest in, and deliver, market-leading IP to drive business outcomes within each of our target
             industries. We also collaborate with clients to build and evolve IP-based solutions while enabling a higher degree of
             flexibility and customization for their unique modernization and digitization needs.
Deep industry and technology expertise

CGI has long-standing and focused practices in all of its core industries, providing clients with a partner that is not only an
expert in IT, but also an expert in their respective industries. This combination of business knowledge and digital technology
expertise allows us to help our clients navigate complex challenges and focus on value creation. In the process, we evolve the
services and solutions we deliver within our targeted industries and provide thought leadership and detailed industry
blueprints. These blueprints map the structures, processes, data flows, and regulatory frameworks across the full industry
ecosystem—including supply chains, partner networks, and other interdependencies—delivering actionable insights to help
clients drive growth and resilience.


© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                Page   10
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




Our targeted industries include financial services (including banking and insurance), government (including space),
manufacturing, retail and distribution (including consumer services, transportation and logistics), communications and utilities
(including energy and media), and health (including life sciences). To help orchestrate our global posture across these
industries, our leaders regularly participate in cabinet meetings and councils to advance the strategies, services and solutions
we deliver to our clients.

Helping clients leverage technology to its fullest

Macro trends such as changing political, fiscal and regulatory environments, supply chain reconfiguration, climate change and
energy transition, and demographic shifts including aging populations and talent shortages require new business models and
ways of working. At the same time, technology is reshaping our future and creating new opportunities.

Accelerating digitization provides the inclusive, economically vibrant, and sustainable future our clients’ customers and citizens
demand. Leveraging technology to its fullest, including the responsible use of data, AI, and other emerging technologies, helps
clients to lead within their industries. Our end-to-end digital services, industry and technology expertise, and operational
excellence combine to help clients advance their holistic digital transformation.

Through our proprietary Voice of Our Clients research, we analyzed the characteristics of leading digital organizations and
found these common attributes:

      •    Strategic alignment and business agility: Digital leaders have highly agile business models to address digitization
           and are better at aligning and integrating business and IT operations to support and execute strategy.

      •    Digitization: They have mature strategies to leverage data and digitization to achieve business model resilience, are
           less challenged by legacy systems, strategically leverage secure cloud-based solutions, and extend their digitization
           strategy to their external ecosystem.

      •    Data, automation and AI: They adopt a holistic data strategy for the enterprise and ecosystem and have a higher
           rate of being in progress with or having implemented both traditional and generative AI.

      •    Data privacy and protection: They produce greater results from their data privacy and protection strategy, which
           also extends to their external ecosystem. Their cybersecurity programs are highly mature in terms of connected
           assets.

Digital leaders across industries seek new ways to evolve their strategy and operational models and use technology and data-
driven insights to improve how they operate, deliver products and services, and create value.

CGI helps clients adopt leading digital attributes and design, manage, protect and evolve their digital value chains to
accelerate business outcomes.

Quality processes

Our clients expect consistent service wherever and whenever they engage us. We have an outstanding track record of on-
time, within-budget delivery as a result of our commitment to excellence and our robust governance model - CGI's
Management Foundation.

Our Management Foundation provides a common business language, frameworks and practices for managing operations
consistently across the globe, driving continuous improvement. We also invest in rigorous quality and service delivery
standards including the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI)
certification programs, as well as a comprehensive Client Satisfaction Assessment Program, with signed client assessments,
to ensure high satisfaction on an ongoing basis.


1.2. VISION AND STRATEGY
CGI is unique compared to most companies, as our vision is based on a dream: “To create an environment in which we enjoy
working together and, as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of.” This dream has motivated us since




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page     11
12 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




our founding in 1976 and drives our vision: “To be a global, world-class end-to-end IT and business consulting services leader
helping our clients succeed.”

In pursuing our dream and vision, CGI has been highly disciplined throughout its history in executing a Build and Buy profitable
growth strategy comprised of four pillars that combine profitable organic growth (Build) and accretive acquisitions (Buy):

    Pillar 1: Win, renew and extend contracts

    Pillar 2: New large managed IT and business process services contracts

These first two pillars relate to driving profitable organic growth through the pursuit of contracts with new and existing clients in
our targeted industries. As such, CGI engages with new and existing clients on four levers in our portfolio of end-to-end
services and solutions: Business and Strategic IT Consulting, Systems Integration, Managed Services and IP-based services.
Successes in these pillars reflect the strength of our end-to-end portfolio of capabilities, the depth of expertise of our
consultants in business and IT, client satisfaction in our delivery excellence, and the appreciation of the proximity model by our
clients, both existing and potential.

    Pillar 3: Metro market acquisitions

    Pillar 4: Large, transformational acquisitions

The third and fourth pillars focus on growth through accretive acquisitions. The third pillar for metro market acquisitions
complements the proximity model and helps to provide a fuller range of end-to-end services. The fourth pillar for large
transformational acquisitions helps to further expand our geographic footprint and reach the critical mass required to compete
for large managed IT and business process services contracts and broaden our client relationships. Both the third and fourth
pillars are supported by three levers. First, is our range of end-to-end services that allow us to consider a broad range of
acquisitions. A second lever is CGI's industry sector mix that helps us mirror the IT spend of each metro market over time. A
final lever across pillars three and four focuses on IP-based services firms that offer consulting services and managed services
that leverage their solutions.

CGI will continue to be a consolidator in the IT and business consulting services industry by being active across these four
pillars.

Executing our strategy

CGI’s strategy is executed through a business model that combines client proximity with an extensive global delivery network
to deliver the following benefits:

           • Local relationships and accountability: We live and work near our clients to provide a high level of
           responsiveness, partnership, and innovation, and invest in the economies, digital talent and infrastructure of the
           countries and metro markets where we operate. Our local consultants and professionals speak our clients' language,
           understand their business and industries, and collaborate to meet their goals and advance their business.

           • Global reach: Our local presence is complemented by an expansive global delivery network that ensures our
           clients have 24/7 access to best-fit digital capabilities and resources to meet their end-to-end needs. In addition,
           clients benefit from our unique combination of industry domain and technology expertise within our global delivery
           model. We also help clients build and run global capability centers (GCCs) that go beyond cost efficiency to unlock
           agility, resiliency, and innovation in an AI-first world.

           • Committed experts: Two of our key strategic goals are to be our clients’ partner and expert of choice. To achieve
           this, we invest in developing and recruiting professionals with extensive industry, business and in-demand technology
           expertise and provide comprehensive learning programs and development initiatives to continuously deepen their
           knowledge, achieve their career aspirations, and deliver tangible business outcomes for our clients. Individually and
           collectively, each of our experts embody partnership behaviors in all they do by being consultative and building
           trusted relationships with each other, our clients, shareholders, and within our communities. In addition, a majority of
           consultants and professionals are also owners through our Share Purchase Plan, which, combined with the Profit
           Participation Plan, provide an added level of commitment to the success of our clients.


© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   12
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




           • Everyday innovation: Our approach to client engagements is to continuously bring forward actionable insights that
           support clients’ ROI-led digitization priorities. Through our client satisfaction program, we regularly assess the degree
           to which clients find that CGI introduced applicable innovation to the engagements we deliver for them, including
           through our ideas, processes, tools and offerings. We also scale innovative solutions co-created with clients through a
           global governance model.

           • Comprehensive quality processes: CGI’s investment in quality frameworks and rigorous client satisfaction
           assessments has resulted in a consistent track record of on-time and within-budget project delivery. With regular
           reviews of engagements and transparency at all levels, the Company ensures that client objectives and its own
           quality objectives are consistently followed at all times. This thorough process enables CGI to generate continuous
           improvements for all stakeholders by applying corrective measures as soon as they are required.

           • ESG strategy: At CGI, our ESG strategy is key to contributing to our strategic goal to be recognized by our
           stakeholders as an engaged, ethical and responsible corporate citizen within our communities. Our commitments
           align with the United Nations (UN) Global Compact’s 10 principles and the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) and
           we are recognized by leading international indices, including EcoVadis, Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) and the
           S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA). We prioritize partnerships with clients, while also
           collaborating with educational institutions and local organizations, on three global priorities: people, communities and
           climate. We demonstrate our commitment to a sustainable world through projects delivered in collaboration with
           clients and through operating practices, supply chain management, and community service activities.


1.3. COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT
As market dynamics and industry trends continue to increase client demand for ROI-led digitization, CGI is well-positioned to
serve as a digital partner and expert of choice. We work with clients across the globe to implement digital strategies, roadmaps
and solutions that help clients transform the customer/citizen experience, drive the launch of new products and services, and
deliver efficiencies and cost savings.

CGI’s competition is comprised of a variety of firms, from local companies providing specialized services and software,
government pure-plays to global business consulting and IT services providers. All of these players are competing to deliver
some or all of the services we provide.

 Many factors distinguish the industry leaders, including the following:

       • Depth and breadth of industry and technology expertise;

       • Local presence and strength of client relationships;

       • Extensive and flexible global delivery network, including onshore, nearshore and offshore options;

       • Breadth of digital IP solutions;

       • Embedding AI to drive business outcomes across the clients’ transformation journey;

       • Total cost of services and value delivered;

       • Ability to deliver practical innovation for measurable results; and

       • Consistent on-time, within-budget delivery everywhere clients operate.

CGI is one of the leaders in the industry with respect to the combination of these factors. CGI is one of few firms with the scale,
reach, and capabilities to meet clients’ enterprise business and technology needs.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   13
14 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




2. Highlights and Key Performance Measures
2.1. SELECTED YEARLY INFORMATION & KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES
                                                                                                                                       Change               Change
    As at and for the years ended September 30,                          2025                  2024                 2023              2025 / 2024          2024 / 2023
    In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
    Growth
    Revenue                                                            15,912.7              14,676.2             14,296.4               1,236.5                379.8
    Year-over-year revenue growth                                         8.4%                 2.7%                 11.1%
    Constant currency revenue growth                                      4.6%                 0.9%                  8.0%
    Backlog 1                                                           31,451                28,724                26,059                2,727                 2,665
    Bookings                                                            17,572                16,044                16,259                1,528                 (215)
    Book-to-bill ratio                                                  110.4%                109.3%               113.7%                 1.1%                 (4.4%)
    Profitability
    Earnings before income taxes                                        2,242.2               2,291.0              2,197.9                (48.8)                93.1
      Earnings before income taxes margin                                14.1%                15.6%                 15.4%                (1.5%)                 0.2%
    Adjusted EBIT2                                                      2,610.9               2,415.8              2,312.7                195.1                 103.1
      Adjusted EBIT margin                                               16.4%                16.5%                 16.2%                (0.1%)                 0.3%
    Net earnings                                                        1,658.3               1,692.7              1,631.2                (34.4)                61.5
      Net earnings margin                                                10.4%                11.5%                 11.4%                (1.1%)                 0.1%
    Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                              7.35                  7.31                 6.86                  0.04                 0.45
    Adjusted net earnings    2                                          1,871.5               1,765.9              1,680.0                105.6                 85.9
      Adjusted net earnings margin                                       11.8%                12.0%                 11.8%                (0.2%)                 0.2%
    Adjusted diluted EPS (in dollars)2                                    8.30                  7.62                 7.07                  0.68                 0.55
    Liquidity
    Cash provided by operating activities                               2,234.2               2,205.0              2,112.2                 29.2                 92.8
      As a percentage of revenue                                         14.0%                15.0%                 14.8%                (1.0%)                 0.2%
    Days sales outstanding                                                 45                    41                   44                     4                   (3)
    Capital structure
    Long-term debt and lease liabilities3                               4,331.3               3,308.4              3,742.3               1,022.9               (433.9)
    Net debt  2                                                         3,451.4               1,819.8              2,134.6               1,631.6               (314.8)
    Net debt to capitalization ratio                                     25.1%                16.2%                 20.4%                 8.9%                 (4.2%)
    Return on invested capital                                           13.6%                16.0%                 16.0%                (2.4%)                 —%
    Balance sheet
    Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term                            867.9                1,464.4              1,575.6               (596.5)               (111.2)
    investments
    Total assets                                                       19,521.8              16,685.5             15,799.5               2,836.3                886.0
    Long-term financial liabilities  4                                  3,486.1               3,176.9              2,386.2                309.2                 790.7
1         Approximately $12.0 billion of our backlog as at September 30, 2025 is expected to be converted into revenue within the next twelve months, $10.5 billion
          within one to three years, $4.6 billion within three to five years and $4.4 billion in more than five years.
2         See Adjusted EBIT by Segment, Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Earnings per Share and Selected Measures of Capital Resources and Liquidity
          sections of each year's respective MD&A for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.
3         Long-term debt and lease liabilities include both the current and long-term portions of the long-term debt and lease liabilities.
4         Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt, long-term portion of lease liabilities and the long-term derivative financial instruments.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                                     Page     14
                                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 15
    Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024


    Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024

    2.2. STOCK PERFORMANCE

    2.2. STOCK PERFORMANCE
                       CGI Stock Price (TSX) for the Last Twelve Months
                       5                                                                                                                              180




                                                                                                                                                      170



                       4
                                                                                                                                                      160




                                                                                                                                                      150


                       3




Volume (in millions)                                                                                                                                         Stock Price (CAD)
                                                                                                                                                      140




                                                                                                                                                      130

                       2


                                                                                                                                                      120




                                                                                                                                                      110
                       1



                                                                                                                                                      100




                       0                                                                                                                              90

                                      Q1 2025                              Q2 2025                               Q3 2025               Q4 2025


                                                                              Daily Trade Volume 1       Closing Price

    2.2.1. Fiscal 2025 Trading Summary
    CGI’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) (stock quote – GIB.A) and the New York Stock Exchange
    2 .2.1. Fiscal
    (NYSE)           2025
            (stock quote     Trading
                          – GIB) and arede
                                 Cours
                                          Summary
                                         included
                                            l’action  keyCGI
                                                   in de  indices such
                                                              (TSX)    as les
                                                                    pour   the douze
                                                                               S&P/TSX  60 Index.
                                                                                     derniers mois
    CGI’s  shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) (stock quote – GIB.A) and the New York Stock Exchange 180
     TSX
      5
                                                        (CAD)          NYSE                                            (USD)
    (NYSE) (stock quote – GIB) and are included in key indices such as the S&P/TSX 60 Index.
     Open:                                             155.42          Open:                                          115.00
     TSX
     High:                                              (CAD)
                                                       175.35          NYSE
                                                                       High:                                           (USD)
                                                                                                                      122.79
                                                                                                                       170

          Open:
          Low:                                                                        155.42
                                                                                      121.69              Open:
                                                                                                          Low:                                       115.00
                                                                                                                                                      87.26
           4
          High:
          Close:                                                                      175.35
                                                                                      123.96              High:
                                                                                                          Close:                                     122.79
                                                                                                                                                      89.13
                                                                                                                                                      160

          Low:
          CDN average daily trading volumes1:                                         121.69
                                                                                     677,219              Low:
                                                                                                          NYSE average daily trading volumes:         87.26
                                                                                                                                                    253,327
          Close:                                                                      123.96              Close:                                      89.13
                                                                                                                                                      150
    1                      Includes the average daily volumes of both the TSX and alternative trading systems.
          CDN average daily trading volumes1:                                        677,219              NYSE average daily trading volumes:       253,327
                       3




Volume (en millions)                                                                                                                                         Cours de l’action ($ CA)
    1                      Includes the average daily volumes of both the TSX and alternative trading systems.                                        140




                                                                                                                                                      130

                       2


                                                                                                                                                      120




                                                                                                                                                      110
© 1
 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                        Page     15
16 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




2.2.2. Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB)
On January 28, 2025, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received regulatory approval from the
TSX for the renewal of its NCIB, which allows for the purchase for cancellation of up to 20,196,413 Class A subordinate voting
shares (Class A shares) representing 10% of the Company’s public float as of the close of business on January 23, 2025.
Class A shares may be purchased for cancellation under the NCIB commencing on February 6, 2025, until no later than
February 5, 2026, or on such earlier date when the Company has either acquired the maximum number of Class A shares
allowable under the NCIB or elects to terminate the bid.

During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company purchased for cancellation 8,861,543 Class A shares under the
previous and current NCIB for a total cash consideration of $1,258.5 million, at a weighted average price of $142.01.

As at September 30, 2025, of the 8,861,543 Class A Shares purchased for cancellation, 80,300 Class A Shares remain unpaid
for $9.9 million.

As at September 30, 2025, the Company could purchase up to 12,769,469 Class A shares for cancellation under its current
NCIB.


2.2.3. Capital Stock and Options Outstanding
The following table provides a summary of the Capital Stock and Options Outstanding as at October 31, 2025:

 Capital Stock and Options Outstanding                                                                 As at October 31, 2025
 Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                                 195,029,302
 Class B shares (multiple voting)                                                                                    24,122,758
 Options to purchase Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                2,897,419



2.2.4. Dividends
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company declared and paid quarterly cash dividends for holders of Class A
shares and Class B shares (multiple voting) of $0.15 per share representing $135.1 million (nil for the twelve months ended
September 30, 2024).

On November 4, 2025, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend for holders of Class A shares
and Class B shares (multiple voting) of $0.17 per share. This dividend is payable on December 19, 2025 to shareholders of
record as of the close of business on November 21, 2025.

Future dividends and the amounts will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors after taking into account the Company’s
cash flow, earnings, financial position, market conditions and other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant, and will be
communicated on a quarterly basis.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page     16
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 17
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




2.3. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES
On December 13, 2024, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Daugherty Systems, Inc.
(Daugherty), a professional services firm specializing in artificial intelligence, data analytics, strategic IT consulting, and
business advisory services, based in St. Louis, U.S., for a total purchase price of $343.0 million. Daugherty employed
approximately 1,100 professionals.

On February 24, 2025, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of BJSS Ltd (BJSS), a technology and
engineering consultancy known for its IT solutions and software engineering expertise, based in the U.K., for a total purchase
price of $1,255.6 million. BJSS employed approximately 2,400 professionals.

On March 20, 2025, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Novatec Holding GmbH (Novatec), a
professional services firm specializing in cloud-based solutions, agile software development, digital strategy, and business and
IT consulting, based in Germany with operations in Spain. Novatec employed approximately 300 professionals.

On March 24, 2025, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Momentum Technologies Inc.
(Momentum), a professional services firm specializing in digital transformation, managed services, cloud computing, and
enterprise software development, based in Québec City, Canada. Momentum employed approximately 250 professionals.

On August 28, 2025, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Apside-Advance SAS (Apside), a
leading provider of digital and engineering services having in-depth industry knowledge in manufacturing, finance, insurance
and public sector, as well as its technology expertise in areas such as data, AI, cloud and cybersecurity, for a total purchase
price of $229.9 million. Based in France, with operations in Belgium, Canada, Morocco, Portugal and Switzerland, Apside
employed approximately 2,500 professionals, including nearly 2,200 in France.


2.4. NOTES ISSUANCE
Issuance of senior unsecured notes
On March 14, 2025, we issued US$650.0 million ($934.0 million) aggregate principal amount of 5-year senior unsecured notes,
with the details below:
                                                     Notional Amount                           Maturity            Coupon Rate
 2025 5-year USD Senior Notes1                        US$650.0 million                      March 14, 2030            4.95%
     1     Interest payable semi-annually on March 14 and on September 14 until maturity.



The aggregate net proceeds of the issuances, which were US$641.3 million ($921.5 million), were used to repay existing
indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. In connection with the offering of the notes, the Company entered into a
currency swap agreement to reduce the Canadian dollar equivalent cost of borrowing of the notes to 3.71% per annum.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                  Page   17
 Management’s
  Management’s
Management’s
 18          Discussion
              Discussion
                Discussion
    — Management’s         and
                            Analysis
                          and
                        and   Analysis
                               Analysis
                       Discussion    andFor
                                      | ||For
                                           For
                                            the
                                              the
                                               the
                                                years
                                                  years
                                           Analysisyears      September
                                                               September
                                                            September
                                                         ended
                                                        ended
                                                      ended           30,
                                                                        30,
                                                                         30,
                                                                          2025
                                                                            2025
                                                                             2025
                                                                               and
                                                                                 and
                                                                                  and
                                                                                   2024
                                                                                     2024
                                                                                      2024
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




3.
 3.
 3.Financial
 3. Financial
    FinancialReview
    Financial Review
              Review
              Review
3.1.
 3.1.
  3.1.
     BOOKINGS
      BOOKINGS
       BOOKINGS
              AND
               AND
                AND
                  BOOK-TO-BILL
                   BOOK-TO-BILL
                    BOOK-TO-BILL
                               RATIO
                                RATIO
                                 RATIO
 3.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
Bookings
 Bookings
   Bookings
         for
           for
             for
              the
                the
                 the
                   year
                    yearended
                     year ended
                           ended
                               September
                                 September
                                  September30,
                                             30,
                                              30,
                                               2025
                                                 2025
                                                   2025 were
                                                      were
                                                         were
                                                           $17.6
                                                             $17.6
                                                               $17.6billion
                                                                     billion
                                                                        billion
                                                                             representing
                                                                               representing
                                                                                representingbook-to-bill
                                                                                          a aabook-to-bill
                                                                                               book-to-bill
                                                                                                         ratio
                                                                                                           ratio
                                                                                                            ratio
                                                                                                               ofofof
                                                                                                                  110.4%.
                                                                                                                    110.4%.
                                                                                                                      110.4%.
                                                                                                                           The
                                                                                                                            The
                                                                                                                              The
 Bookings for the year ended September 30, 2025 were $17.6 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 110.4%. The
breakdown
 breakdown
   breakdown
           ofofof
               the
                 the
                  the
                    new
                     new
                      newbookings
                           bookings
                            bookings  signed
                                     signed
                                   signed during
                                            during
                                             during
                                                  the
                                                    the
                                                     the
                                                      year
                                                        year
                                                         year
                                                           isisas
                                                               isas
                                                                  as
                                                                  follows:
                                                                    follows:
                                                                      follows:
 breakdown of the new bookings signed during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                    H                                       E
                                                                                               G
                                                                                                             A                       D
               B                                                                           F
                                                     B                                                                                                   A
                   Contract Type                         Service Type                              Segment                       C   Vertical Market
                                                                        A                 E
                                   A                                                                             B
                                                                                               D
                                                                                                        C                                   B



       A   Extensions,                 64%    A   Managed IT and            60%    A    U.S. Commercial and          24%    A   Government                    40%
           renewals and                           business process                      State Government
           add-ons                                services                                                                  B   Financial service             25%
                                                                                   B    Western and Southern         16%
       B   New business                36%    B   Business and              40%         Europe                              C   MRD                           19%
                                                  strategic IT                                                              D   Communications                 9%
                                                  consulting and                   C    Canada                       14%
                                                                                                                                and utilities
                                                  systems integration              D    U.K. and Australia           12%
                                                  services                                                                  E   Health                         7%
                                                                                   E    U.S. Federal                 12%

                                                                                   F    Scandinavia,                 11%
                                                                                        Northwest and
                                                                                        Central-East Europe
                                                                                   G    Germany                       6%

                                                                                   H    Finland, Poland and           5%
                                                                                        Baltics


   Information
Information
  Informationregarding
                 regarding
               regardingourour
                          our  bookings
                            bookings
                              bookingsisisaisaa
                                             keykey
                                               keyindicator
                                                      indicator
                                                    indicatorofofof
                                                                the the
                                                                  thevolume
                                                                       volumeofofof
                                                                        volume  our our
                                                                                  our business   over
                                                                                              over
                                                                                        business
                                                                                     business   over   time.
                                                                                                   time.
                                                                                                     time.The                           a aa
                                                                                                                                  provides
                                                                                                                               provides
                                                                                                                            table
                                                                                                                         table
                                                                                                                  following
                                                                                                              following
                                                                                                             The
                                                                                                           The  following  table provides
  Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. The following table provides a
   summary
summary
  summary ofofof
             the the
               thebookings
                     bookings
                    bookingsandand
                                book-to-bill
                              and  book-to-bill
                                  book-to-bill   ratio
                                              ratio
                                                ratio      segment:
                                                        segment:
                                                        by
                                                     byby segment:
  summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:

                                                                                         Bookings
                                                                                       Bookings
                                                                                        Bookingsfor for
                                                                                                  forthethe
                                                                                                         year
                                                                                                       the  year
                                                                                                              ended
                                                                                                           year   ended
                                                                                                                ended  Book-to-bill
                                                                                                                         Book-to-bill
                                                                                                                        Book-to-billratio
                                                                                                                                       ratio
                                                                                                                                          for
                                                                                                                                      ratio   for
                                                                                                                                            forthe     year
                                                                                                                                                    year
                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                 the  year
   InInIn
      thousands
        thousands
          thousands
                 ofofof
                    CAD
                      CAD
                        CAD
                         except
                           except
                            except
                                forfor
                                     for
                                     percentages
                                       percentages
                                         percentages                                    Bookings  for the year
                                                                                                  September
                                                                                              September
                                                                                                September   30,    2025 Book-to-bill
                                                                                                                ended
                                                                                                               30,
                                                                                                                2025
                                                                                                              30, 2025   ended
                                                                                                                           ended
                                                                                                                          ended       ratio for
                                                                                                                               September
                                                                                                                                    September
                                                                                                                                 September       the
                                                                                                                                               30,     2025
                                                                                                                                                    2025
                                                                                                                                                  30,
                                                                                                                                                 30,  year
                                                                                                                                                     2025
     In thousands of CAD except for percentages                                                 September 30, 2025        ended September 30, 2025
   Total
      Total
    TotalCGICGI
           CGI                                                                                               17,571,914
                                                                                                                17,571,914
                                                                                                              17,571,914                                 110.4%
                                                                                                                                                            110.4%
                                                                                                                                                           110.4%
    Total CGI                                                                                                 17,571,914                                   110.4%
   U.S.
      U.S.
    U.S.Commercial
           Commercial
         Commercial    andand
                         andState
                                State
                              State Government
                                       Government
                                      Government                                                              4,279,495
                                                                                                                 4,279,495
                                                                                                                4,279,495                                151.9%
                                                                                                                                                            151.9%
                                                                                                                                                           151.9%
    U.S. Commercial and State Government                                                                        4,279,495                                  151.9%
                                                                                                    H                                       E
   Western
      Western
    Western  andand
                 Southern
               and   Southern
                    Southern  Europe
                                  Europe
                                 Europe                                                        G              2,838,971
                                                                                                                 2,838,971
                                                                                                                2,838,971                                108.3%
                                                                                                                                                            108.3%
                                                                                                                                                           108.3%
    Western and Southern Europe                                                                              A 2,838,971             D                     108.3%
              B                                                                            F
   Canada
      Canada
    Canada                                        B                                                           2,487,039
                                                                                                                 2,487,039
                                                                                                                2,487,039                                108.5%
                                                                                                                                                         A  108.5%
                                                                                                                                                           108.5%
    Canada                                                                                                      2,487,039                                  108.5%
   U.K.
      U.K.
    U.K.andand
          and   Type
             Australiade contrat
                Australia
               Australia                            Type de service                                Secteur    2,100,166
                                                                                                                 2,100,166
                                                                                                                2,100,166        C      Secteur cible      94.1%
                                                                                                                                                              94.1%
                                                                                                                                                            94.1%
    U.K. and Australia                                              A                     E                     2,100,166                                   94.1%
                                  A                                                                            B
   U.S.
      U.S.
    U.S.Federal
           Federal
         Federal                                                                                              2,084,510
                                                                                                                 2,084,510
                                                                                                                2,084,510                                  92.5%
                                                                                                                                                              92.5%
                                                                                                                                                            92.5%
    U.S. Federal                                                                               D                2,084,510                                   92.5%
   Scandinavia,
      Scandinavia,
    Scandinavia,  Northwest
                      Northwest
                    Northwest  and  and
                                  andCentral-East
                                        Central-East
                                       Central-EastEurope
                                                      Europe
                                                    Europe                                              C     1,929,814
                                                                                                                 1,929,814
                                                                                                                1,929,814                   B            110.1%
                                                                                                                                                            110.1%
                                                                                                                                                           110.1%
    Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe                                                              1,929,814                                  110.1%
   Germany
      Germany
    Germany                                                                                                     990,018
                                                                                                                   990,018
                                                                                                                  990,018                                100.9%
                                                                                                                                                            100.9%
                                                                                                                                                           100.9%
    Germany                                                                                                       990,018                                  100.9%
      Finland,
   Finland,
    Finland,
      A         Poland
            Poland
              Poland  andand
                       and
          Prolongations,      Baltics
                           Baltics
                            Baltics 64 %   A Services en TI et        60 %         A    Secteur privé et           861,901A
                                                                                                                861,901
                                                                                                                  861,901
                                                                                                                  24 %          Gouvernements              89.5%
                                                                                                                                                              89.5%
                                                                                                                                                            89.5%
                                                                                                                                                            40
    Finland,  Poland and Baltics
          renouvellements                      en gestion des                           gouvernements             861,901                                   89.5%
           et ajouts                              processus                             locaux, É.-U.                       B   Services                     25 %
                                                                                                                                ﬁnanciers
                                                  d’affaires en
       B   Nouvelles ententes          36 %       mode délégué                     B    Europe de l’Ouest            16 %
                                                                                        et du Sud                           C   Manufacturier,               19 %
                                                                                                                                distribution et détail
                                              B   Service de                40 %
                                                  conseil en                       C    Canada                       14 %
                                                                                                                            D   Communications                9%
                                                  management et                    D    R.-U. et Australie           12 %       et services publics
                                                  en stratégie TI et
                                                  services                         E    Gouvernement fédéral         12 %   E   Santé                         7%
                                                  d’intégration de                      américain
                                                  systèmes                         F    Scandinavie,                 11 %
© ©©
  2025
    2025
     2025
       CGI
         CGI
          CGI
           Inc.
             Inc.
               Inc.                                                                     Nord-ouest et                                                        Page
                                                                                                                                                              Page
                                                                                                                                                                Page
                                                                                                                                                                   181818
  © 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                       Centre-est de l’Europe                                                Page 18
                                                                                                 FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 19
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




3.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS
Accounting Standards, we measure assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various
exchange rates. We report all amounts in Canadian dollars.


Closing foreign exchange rates

 As at September 30,                                                                  2025           2024         Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                            1.3931         1.3515          3.1%
 Euro                                                                                   1.6349         1.5064          8.5%
 Indian rupee                                                                           0.0157         0.0161         (2.5%)
 British pound                                                                          1.8730         1.8111          3.4%
 Swedish krona                                                                          0.1480         0.1333         11.0%


Average foreign exchange rates

 For the years ended September 30,                                                   2025           2024          Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                           1.3984         1.3609           2.8%
 Euro                                                                                  1.5459         1.4752           4.8%
 Indian rupee                                                                          0.0163         0.0163            —%
 British pound                                                                         1.8265         1.7253           5.9%
 Swedish krona                                                                         0.1382         0.1291           7.0%




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                       Page     19
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024


20 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
3.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year ended September 30, 2025:

3.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year ended September 30, 2025:


                                                                          H                                              E
                                                                     G                                            D
                                                                 F                       A
                                                                                                                                      A
                   B                                            E          Client
                        Service Type                                                                              Vertical Market
                                         A                               Geography
                                                                                                              C
                                                                 D
                                                                                     B
                                                                           C                                                 B



         A   Managed IT and                  55%    A   U.S.                                 32%    A   Government                        38%
             business process
             services                               B   Canada                               14%    B   Financial services                22%

         B   Business and strategic          45%    C   France                               14%    C   MRD                               21%
             IT consulting and                      D   U.K.                                 14%    D   Communications                    12%
             systems integration                                                                        and utilities
             services                               E   Germany                               6%
                                                                                                    E   Health                             7%
                                                    F   Finland                               6%

                                                    G   Sweden                                4%

                                                    H   Rest of the world                    10%



3.3.1. Client Concentration
IFRS Accounting Standards guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known
to the reporting entity to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its
3.3.1.   Client represented
various agencies  Concentration 14.1% of our revenue for Fiscal 2025 as compared to 13.6% for Fiscal 2024.
IFRS Accounting Standards guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known
to the reporting entity to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its
various agencies represented 14.1% of our revenue for Fiscal 2025 as compared to 13.6% for Fiscal 2024.


                                                                          H                                              E
                                                                     G                                            D
                                                                 F                       A
                                                                                                                                      A
                   B                                            E     Répartition
                       Type de service                                                                                Secteur cible
                                         A                           géographique
                                                                                                              C
                                                                 D
                                                                                     B
                                                                           C                                                 B



         A   Services en TI et en            55 %   A   É.-U.                                32 %   A   Gouvernements                     38 %
             gestion des processus
             d’affaires en mode                     B   Canada                               14 %   B   Services ﬁnanciers                22 %
             délégué                                C   France                               14 %   C   Manufacturier,                    21 %
         B   Services de conseil en          45 %                                                       distribution et détail
                                                    D   R.-U.                                14 %
             management et en                                                                       D   Communications et                 12 %
             stratégie TI et services               E   Allemagne                            6%
                                                                                                        services publics
             d’intégration de                       F   Finlande                             6%
             systèmes                                                                               E   Santé                             7%
                                                    G   Suède                                4%
                                                    H   Reste du monde                       10 %




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                  Page   20




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                  Page   20
                                                                                                 FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 21
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




3.4. REVENUE BY SEGMENT
Our segments are reported based on where the client's work is delivered from within our geographic delivery model.

The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment before
eliminations, separately showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal
2024. The Fiscal 2024 revenues by segment were recorded reflecting the actual foreign exchange rates for the respective
period. The foreign exchange impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the same period’s results
converted with the prior year’s foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                             Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                          2025           2024            $             %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Total CGI revenue                                                      15,912,673     14,676,152    1,236,521             8.4%
 Constant currency revenue growth                                             4.6%
 Foreign currency impact                                                      3.8%
 Variation over previous period                                               8.4%
 Western and Southern Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                2,554,872      2,600,198      (45,326)        (1.7%)
 Foreign currency impact                                                   124,295
 Western and Southern Europe revenue                                     2,679,167      2,600,198       78,969             3.0%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                2,452,906      2,327,309      125,597             5.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                                    70,050
 U.S. Commercial and State Government revenue                            2,522,956      2,327,309      195,647             8.4%
 U.S. Federal
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                2,186,096      2,001,391      184,705             9.2%
 Foreign currency impact                                                    61,847
 U.S. Federal revenue                                                    2,247,943      2,001,391      246,552         12.3%
 Canada
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                2,089,992      2,034,995       54,997             2.7%
 Foreign currency impact                                                         690
 Canada revenue                                                          2,090,682      2,034,995       55,687             2.7%
 Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                1,597,663      1,593,434        4,229             0.3%
 Foreign currency impact                                                    91,224
 Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe revenue                  1,688,887      1,593,434       95,453             6.0%
 U.K. and Australia
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                1,908,925      1,584,833      324,092         20.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                                   111,091
 U.K. and Australia revenue                                              2,020,016      1,584,833      435,183         27.5%
 Germany
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                  859,886        894,565      (34,679)        (3.9%)
 Foreign currency impact                                                    41,723
 Germany revenue                                                           901,609        894,565        7,044             0.8%




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page       21
22 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




                                                                                                             Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                          2025            2024           $             %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Finland, Poland and Baltics
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                  861,537        859,263         2,274            0.3%
 Foreign currency impact                                                    42,164
 Finland, Poland and Baltics revenue                                       903,701        859,263        44,438            5.2%
 Asia Pacific
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                 1,017,174       956,145        61,029            6.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                                    (2,733)
 Asia Pacific revenue                                                     1,014,441       956,145        58,296            6.1%

 Eliminations                                                             (156,729)      (175,981)       19,252       (10.9%)

For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue was $15,912.7 million, an increase of $1,236.5 million or 8.4% over the last
year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $680.1 million or 4.6%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to
recent business acquisitions and organic growth within the government and financial services vertical markets. This was
partially offset by lower demand within the MRD and communications and utilities vertical markets and lower volumes related
to our IP enabled business process services in the U.S. Federal segment.

3.4.1. Western and Southern Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $2,679.2 million, an
increase of $79.0 million or 3.0% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $45.3 million or 1.7%.
The change in revenue was mainly due to lower demand within the MRD vertical market and in business consulting services
and two less available days to bill, partially offset by recent business acquisitions.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Western and Southern Europe vertical markets were MRD and financial services,
generating combined revenues of approximately $1,572 million for the year ended September 30, 2025.

3.4.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was
$2,523.0 million, an increase of $195.6 million or 8.4% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by
$125.6 million or 5.4%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to a recent business acquisition partially offset by the
increased use of our Asia Pacific global delivery centers for client work.
On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. Commercial and State Government vertical markets were government and
financial services, generating combined revenues of approximately $1,613 million for the year ended September 30, 2025.

3.4.3. U.S. Federal
For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue in the U.S. Federal segment was $2,247.9 million, an increase of
$246.6 million or 12.3% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $184.7 million or 9.2%. The
increase in revenue was mainly due to a recent business acquisition and a ramp up of a new project, partially offset by lower
volumes related to our IP enabled business process services.
For the year ended September 30, 2025, $1,911 million of revenues in the U.S. Federal segment were federal civilian based
agencies.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page      22
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 23
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




3.4.4. Canada
For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue in the Canada segment was $2,090.7 million, an increase of $55.7 million or
2.7% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $55.0 million or 2.7%. The increase in revenue was
mainly due to recent business acquisitions and organic growth within the financial services vertical market, partially offset by
lower demand within the MRD and communications and utilities vertical markets.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services and government, generating
combined revenues of approximately $1,525 million for the year ended September 30, 2025.

3.4.5. Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue in the Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was
$1,688.9 million, an increase of $95.5 million or 6.0% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $4.2
million or 0.3%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to organic growth within the financial services vertical market,
partially offset by two less available days to bill, a favourable contract settlement and project related equipment sales, both in
the prior year.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe vertical markets were MRD and
government, generating combined revenues of approximately $1,110 million for the year ended September 30, 2025.

3.4.6. U.K. and Australia
For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue in the U.K. and Australia segment was $2,020.0 million, an increase of
$435.2 million or 27.5% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $324.1 million or 20.4%. The
increase in revenue was mainly due to a recent business acquisition and organic growth within the government vertical market.
On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. and Australia vertical markets were government and communications and
utilities, generating combined revenues of approximately $1,580 million for the year ended September 30, 2025.

3.4.7. Germany
For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue in the Germany segment was $901.6 million, an increase of $7.0 million or
0.8% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $34.7 million or 3.9%. The change in revenue was
mainly due to lower demand within the MRD and government vertical markets, partially offset by a recent business acquisition.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Germany vertical markets were government and MRD, generating combined
revenues of approximately $690 million for the year ended September 30, 2025.

3.4.8. Finland, Poland and Baltics
For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $903.7 million, an increase
of $44.4 million or 5.2% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $2.3 million or 0.3%. The increase
in revenue was mainly due to organic growth within the government and health, including IP-based revenue, vertical markets,
partially offset by a ramp down of projects within the financial services market.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Finland, Poland and Baltics vertical markets were financial services and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $522 million for the year ended September 30, 2025.

3.4.9. Asia Pacific
For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue in the Asia Pacific segment was $1,014.4 million, an increase of
$58.3 million or 6.1% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $61.0 million or 6.4%. The increase
in revenue was mainly due to the continued demand for our global delivery centers for client work, partially offset by two less
available days to bill.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page   23
24 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




3.5. OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                                                   Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                        % of                     % of                     % of
                                                           2025       revenue       2024       revenue         $        revenue
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages

 Costs of services, selling and administrative          13,301,045       83.6%   12,259,730       83.5%    1,041,315        0.1%

 Net foreign exchange loss                                     715         —%           653         —%             62           —%


3.5.1. Costs of Services, Selling and Administrative
Costs of services include the costs of serving our clients, which mainly consist of salaries, net of tax credits, performance
based compensation and other direct costs, including travel expenses. These also mainly include professional fees and
contracted labour costs, as well as hardware, software and delivery center related costs.

Costs of selling and administrative mainly include salaries, performance based compensation, office space, internal solutions,
business development related costs such as travel expenses, and other administrative and management costs.

For the year ended September 30, 2025, costs of services, selling and administrative expenses amounted to
$13,301.0 million, an increase of $1,041.3 million when compared to the same period last year. As a percentage of revenue,
costs of services, selling and administrative expenses increased to 83.6% from 83.5%.

As a percentage of revenue, costs of services increased compared to the same period last year, mainly due to lower billable
utilization in the Western and Southern Europe and Germany segments, lower volumes related to our IP enabled business
process services in the U.S. Federal segment and the temporary dilutive impact of recent business acquisitions.

As a percentage of revenue, costs of selling and administrative expenses decreased compared to the same period last year,
mainly due to efficiencies resulting from the restructuring program partially offset by the temporary dilutive impact of recent
business acquisitions.

During the year ended September 30, 2025, the translation of the results of our foreign operations from their local currencies to
the Canadian dollar unfavourably impacted costs by $444.0 million, which was offset by the favourable translation impact of
$556.4 million on our revenue.



3.5.2. Net Foreign Exchange Loss
During the year ended September 30, 2025, CGI incurred $0.7 million of net foreign exchange losses, mainly driven by the
timing of payments combined with the volatility of foreign exchange rates. The Company, in addition to its natural hedges, uses
derivatives as a strategy to manage its exposure, to the extent possible.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page     24
                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 25
Management’s
Management’s
 Management’sDiscussion
             Discussion
              Discussionand
                        and
                         andAnalysis
                            Analysis
                             Analysis|| |For
                                         For
                                          Forthe
                                              the years
                                               theyears
                                                   yearsended
                                                        ended
                                                         endedSeptember
                                                              September
                                                               September30,
                                                                        30,
                                                                         30,2025
                                                                            2025
                                                                             2025and
                                                                                 and
                                                                                  and2024
                                                                                     2024
                                                                                      2024




3.6.
3.6.
 3.6.EARNINGS
     EARNINGS
      EARNINGSBEFORE
              BEFORE
               BEFOREINCOME
                      INCOME
                       INCOMETAXES
                             TAXES
                              TAXES
The
 The
  Thefollowing
      following
       followingtable
                 table
                  tableprovides
                       provides
                        providesaaareconciliation
                                    reconciliation
                                     reconciliationbetween
                                                   between
                                                    betweenour
                                                           our  earningsbefore
                                                               earnings
                                                            ourearnings before
                                                                         beforeincome
                                                                                income
                                                                                 incometaxes,
                                                                                        taxes,
                                                                                         taxes,which
                                                                                               which
                                                                                                whichisisisreported
                                                                                                            reported
                                                                                                             reportedin
                                                                                                                      ininaccordance
                                                                                                                          accordance
                                                                                                                           accordancewith
                                                                                                                                     with
                                                                                                                                      with
IFRS
 IFRS
  IFRSAccounting
        Accounting
        AccountingStandards,
                     Standards,
                      Standards,and
                                  and
                                   andadjusted
                                       adjusted
                                        adjustedEBIT:
                                                  EBIT:
                                                  EBIT:

                                                                                                                                           Change
                                                                                                                                           Change
                                                                                                                                            Change
 For
 For
  Forthe
      the
       theyears
          years
           yearsended
                ended
                 endedSeptember
                      September
                       September30,
                                30,
                                 30,
                                                                       2025
                                                                       2025
                                                                        2025           %
                                                                                       %%of
                                                                                         of
                                                                                          of         2024
                                                                                                     2024
                                                                                                      2024           %
                                                                                                                     %%of
                                                                                                                       of
                                                                                                                        of           $$$           %
                                                                                                                                                   %%of
                                                                                                                                                     of
                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                    revenue
                                                                                     revenue
                                                                                      revenue                     revenue
                                                                                                                   revenue
                                                                                                                    revenue                     revenue
                                                                                                                                                 revenue
                                                                                                                                                  revenue
 In
  InInthousands
       thousands
        thousandsof
                  ofofCAD
                      CAD
                       CADexcept
                           except
                            exceptfor
                                   for
                                    forpercentage
                                        percentage
                                         percentage

 Earnings
 Earnings before           taxes
                          taxes
                   incometaxes
                  income
           beforeincome
  Earningsbefore                                                    2,242,190
                                                                     2,242,190
                                                                    2,242,190           14.1% 2,290,951
                                                                                       14.1%
                                                                                       14.1%  2,290,951
                                                                                               2,290,951             15.6
                                                                                                                     15.6
                                                                                                                      15.6
                                                                                                                         %%
                                                                                                                          %         (48,761)
                                                                                                                                   (48,761)
                                                                                                                                  (48,761)         (1.5%)
                                                                                                                                                    (1.5%)
                                                                                                                                                     (1.5%)
 Plus
 Plus  the
  Plusthe   following
        thefollowing   items:
             followingitems:
                         items:

     Restructuring,
     Restructuring, acquisition and                         costs
                                               integrationcosts
                                      relatedintegration
                                 andrelated
                     acquisitionand
      Restructuring,acquisition      related  integration  costs      285,031
                                                                       285,031
                                                                      285,031           1.8%
                                                                                        1.8%
                                                                                         1.8%        96,929
                                                                                                     96,929
                                                                                                      96,929          0.7
                                                                                                                      0.7
                                                                                                                       0.7
                                                                                                                         %%
                                                                                                                          %       188,102
                                                                                                                                   188,102
                                                                                                                                  188,102            1.1
                                                                                                                                                     1.1
                                                                                                                                                      1.1
                                                                                                                                                        %%
                                                                                                                                                         %

         Restructuring
         Restructuring
          Restructuring                                               196,796
                                                                      196,796
                                                                       196,796          1.2%
                                                                                        1.2%
                                                                                         1.2%             —
                                                                                                          ——           —
                                                                                                                       ——%
                                                                                                                         %%       196,796
                                                                                                                                   196,796
                                                                                                                                  196,796            1.2
                                                                                                                                                      1.2
                                                                                                                                                     1.2%%
                                                                                                                                                         %

         Cost
         Cost
          CostOptimization
              Optimization
               OptimizationProgram
                           Program
                            Program                                         —
                                                                            ——           —%
                                                                                          —%
                                                                                         —%          91,063
                                                                                                     91,063
                                                                                                      91,063          0.6
                                                                                                                      0.6
                                                                                                                       0.6
                                                                                                                         %%
                                                                                                                          %        (91,063)
                                                                                                                                    (91,063)
                                                                                                                                  (91,063)          (0.6%)
                                                                                                                                                   (0.6%)
                                                                                                                                                     (0.6%)

         Acquisition
         Acquisition
          Acquisitionand
                     and
                      andrelated
                          related
                           relatedintegration
                                   integration
                                    integrationcosts
                                                costs
                                                 costs                 88,235
                                                                       88,235
                                                                        88,235          0.6%
                                                                                        0.6%
                                                                                         0.6%          5,866
                                                                                                       5,866
                                                                                                        5,866          —
                                                                                                                       ——%
                                                                                                                         %%        82,369
                                                                                                                                   82,369
                                                                                                                                    82,369           0.6
                                                                                                                                                     0.6%
                                                                                                                                                      0.6%
                                                                                                                                                         %

     Net
     Net
      Netfinance
          finance
           financecosts
                   costs
                    costs                                              83,692
                                                                       83,692
                                                                        83,692          0.5%
                                                                                        0.5%
                                                                                         0.5%        27,889
                                                                                                     27,889
                                                                                                      27,889          0.2
                                                                                                                      0.2%
                                                                                                                       0.2%
                                                                                                                          %        55,803
                                                                                                                                   55,803
                                                                                                                                    55,803           0.3
                                                                                                                                                     0.3%
                                                                                                                                                      0.3%
                                                                                                                                                         %
 Adjusted
 Adjusted
  AdjustedEBIT
          EBIT
           EBIT                                                     2,610,913
                                                                    2,610,913
                                                                     2,610,913         16.4%
                                                                                       16.4%  2,415,769
                                                                                        16.4% 2,415,769
                                                                                               2,415,769             16.5
                                                                                                                     16.5%
                                                                                                                      16.5%
                                                                                                                          %       195,144
                                                                                                                                  195,144
                                                                                                                                   195,144         (0.1%)
                                                                                                                                                    (0.1%)
                                                                                                                                                     (0.1%)


3.6.1.
3.6.1.
 3.6.1.Restructuring,
       Restructuring,
        Restructuring,Acquisition
                      Acquisition
                       Acquisitionand
                                  and
                                   andRelated
                                      Related
                                       RelatedIntegration
                                               Integration
                                                IntegrationCosts
                                                           Costs
                                                            Costs
During
 During
  Duringthe
         the
           theyear
               year
                yearended
                    ended
                     endedSeptember
                             September
                              September30,30,
                                           30,2025,
                                               2025,
                                                2025,the
                                                       the  Company
                                                        theCompany
                                                             Companyinitiated
                                                                        initiated
                                                                         initiatedaaarestructuring
                                                                                      restructuring
                                                                                       restructuringprogram
                                                                                                     program
                                                                                                      programwhich
                                                                                                               which
                                                                                                                whichwas
                                                                                                                     was
                                                                                                                      wastargeted
                                                                                                                           targeted
                                                                                                                            targetedwithin
                                                                                                                                        within
                                                                                                                                         withinits
                                                                                                                                                its
                                                                                                                                                 its
Continental
 Continental
  ContinentalEuropean
                European
                 Europeanoperations
                            operations
                             operationsto
                                        to
                                         torealign
                                            realign
                                             realignits
                                                     its
                                                      itscost
                                                         cost
                                                          coststructure
                                                                structure with
                                                                 structurewith
                                                                            withcurrent
                                                                                current
                                                                                 currentmarket
                                                                                          market
                                                                                           marketconditions
                                                                                                   conditions
                                                                                                    conditionsand
                                                                                                              and
                                                                                                                andwhich
                                                                                                                    which
                                                                                                                    whichwas
                                                                                                                           was
                                                                                                                            wascompleted
                                                                                                                                  completed
                                                                                                                                   completedfor for
                                                                                                                                                 foraaa
total
 total
  totalcost
       cost
        costof
             of
              of$196.8
                $196.8
                 $196.8million,
                         million,
                         million,consisting
                                  consisting
                                   consistingof
                                              of
                                               ofcosts
                                                 costs
                                                  costsfor
                                                         for
                                                          forterminations
                                                              terminations
                                                               terminationsofof
                                                                              ofemployment
                                                                                employment
                                                                                 employmentof   of
                                                                                                 of$190.0
                                                                                                   $190.0
                                                                                                    $190.0million
                                                                                                           million
                                                                                                            millionunder
                                                                                                                   under
                                                                                                                    underthis
                                                                                                                          this
                                                                                                                           thisinitiative,
                                                                                                                                initiative,
                                                                                                                                 initiative,as
                                                                                                                                            as
                                                                                                                                             aswell
                                                                                                                                                 well
                                                                                                                                                  wellas
                                                                                                                                                       as
                                                                                                                                                        as
costs
 costs
  costsof
        of
         ofvacating
            vacating
             vacatingleased
                      leased
                       leasedpremises
                               premises
                                premisesof
                                         of
                                          of$6.8
                                             $6.8
                                              $6.8million.
                                                   million.
                                                    million.

During
 During
  Duringthe
         the
          theyear
              year
               yearended
                   ended
                     endedSeptember
                            September
                             September30,  30,
                                            30,2023,
                                               2023,
                                                 2023,the
                                                       the  Company
                                                        theCompany
                                                             Companyinitiated
                                                                      initiated
                                                                       initiatedaaacost
                                                                                    cost
                                                                                     costoptimization
                                                                                         optimization
                                                                                          optimizationprogram
                                                                                                         program
                                                                                                          programto to
                                                                                                                     toaccelerate
                                                                                                                       accelerate
                                                                                                                         accelerateactions
                                                                                                                                      actions
                                                                                                                                       actionstoto
                                                                                                                                                 to
improve
 improve
  improveoperational
           operational
            operationalefficiencies,
                         efficiencies,
                          efficiencies,including
                                        including
                                         includingthe
                                                    the
                                                     theincreased
                                                         increased
                                                          increaseduse
                                                                    use
                                                                     useof
                                                                         of   automationand
                                                                            automation
                                                                          ofautomation     and
                                                                                            andglobal
                                                                                                 global
                                                                                                  globaldelivery,
                                                                                                         delivery,
                                                                                                          delivery,and
                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                     andtoto
                                                                                                                           torightsize
                                                                                                                              rightsize
                                                                                                                               rightsizeits
                                                                                                                                         its
                                                                                                                                          itsglobal
                                                                                                                                             global
                                                                                                                                              globalreal
                                                                                                                                                     real
                                                                                                                                                      real
estate
 estate
  estateportfolio.
        portfolio.
         portfolio.As
                   AsAsat
                       at
                        atMarch
                          March
                           March31,
                                  31,
                                   31,2024,
                                        2024,
                                         2024,the
                                                the
                                                 theCompany
                                                    Company      completedits
                                                                completed
                                                     Companycompleted        its
                                                                              itsCost
                                                                                 Cost
                                                                                  CostOptimization
                                                                                       Optimization
                                                                                        OptimizationProgram
                                                                                                        Program
                                                                                                        Programforfor
                                                                                                                   foraaatotal
                                                                                                                          total
                                                                                                                           totalcost
                                                                                                                                 cost
                                                                                                                                  costof
                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                       of$100.0
                                                                                                                                          $100.0
                                                                                                                                           $100.0million.
                                                                                                                                                   million.
                                                                                                                                                    million.
  Duringthe
During
 During   theyear
         the   yearended
              year   endedSeptember
                   ended     September30,
                            September       30,2024,
                                           30,   2024,the
                                               2024,         Companyrecorded
                                                        theCompany
                                                       the  Company   recorded
                                                                       recorded$91.1
                                                                                   $91.1                      underthe
                                                                                                       costsunder
                                                                                                    ofcosts
                                                                                            millionof
                                                                                    $91.1million
                                                                                          million  of costs  under          CostOptimization
                                                                                                                      theCost
                                                                                                                     the   Cost   Optimization
                                                                                                                                   Optimization
Program,
  Program,which
 Program,    whichincluded
            which    includedcosts
                    included    costsfor
                               costs  for   terminationsof
                                       forterminations
                                           terminations     ofemployment
                                                           of  employmentof
                                                              employment               million,and
                                                                                 $69.5million,
                                                                             of$69.5
                                                                            of $69.5   million,        costsof
                                                                                                  andcosts
                                                                                                 and  costs   ofvacating
                                                                                                             of  vacatingleased
                                                                                                                vacating     leasedpremises
                                                                                                                            leased    premisesof
                                                                                                                                     premises     of
                                                                                                                                                   of
$21.6
  $21.6million.
 $21.6  million.
         million.

During
  Duringthe
 During   theyear
         the   yearended
              year    ended     September30,
                       endedSeptember
                               September      30,  2025,the
                                               30,2025,
                                                  2025,  the Company   incurred    $88.2million
                                                                        incurred$88.2
                                                              Companyincurred
                                                          theCompany              $88.2  million  ofacquisition
                                                                                          millionof
                                                                                                 of  acquisitionand
                                                                                                    acquisition                    integrationcosts
                                                                                                                          relatedintegration
                                                                                                                    andrelated
                                                                                                                   and   related  integration   costs
                                                                                                                                                 costs
($5.9
  ($5.9million
 ($5.9   millionfor
        million   forthe
                 for  the  yearended
                       theyear
                          year   ended      September30,
                                  endedSeptember
                                           September   30,   2024).These
                                                        30,2024).
                                                            2024). These   costswere
                                                                    Thesecosts
                                                                          costs  were   mainlycosts
                                                                                  weremainly
                                                                                       mainly           relatedto
                                                                                                 costsrelated
                                                                                                costs  related        redundancyof
                                                                                                                  toredundancy
                                                                                                                 to  redundancy         employmentof
                                                                                                                                     ofemployment
                                                                                                                                    of employment       of
                                                                                                                                                         of
$27.5
  $27.5million
 $27.5   million($0.1
        million    ($0.1million
                  ($0.1   millionfor
                          million   forthe
                                  for   the  yearended
                                         theyear
                                            year   endedSeptember
                                                  ended   September  30,   2024),costs
                                                                      30,2024),
                                                           September30,   2024),  costs  ofvacating
                                                                                   costsof
                                                                                        of                      premisesof
                                                                                                       leasedpremises
                                                                                            vacatingleased
                                                                                           vacating   leased   premises          $23.4million
                                                                                                                              of$23.4
                                                                                                                             of $23.4   million
                                                                                                                                        million
($0.9
  ($0.9million
 ($0.9   millionfor
        million   forthe
                 for  the  yearended
                       theyear
                          year   ended      September30,
                                  endedSeptember
                                           September    30,2024)
                                                       30,   2024)as
                                                            2024) as  wellas
                                                                   aswell
                                                                     well as   legaland
                                                                           aslegal
                                                                              legal       professionalfees
                                                                                     andprofessional
                                                                                    and  professional                                               forthe
                                                                                                                                           millionfor
                                                                                                                                    ($2.4million
                                                                                                                           million($2.4
                                                                                                                    $12.3million
                                                                                                               of$12.3
                                                                                                          feesof
                                                                                                         fees of  $12.3    million ($2.4  million  for  the
                                                                                                                                                         the
year
  yearended
 year   endedSeptember
       ended     September30,
               September         30,2024).
                                30,  2024).
                                      2024).



3.6.2.
3.6.2.
 3.6.2.Net
       Net
        NetFinance
           Finance
            FinanceCosts
                   Costs
                    Costs
Net
 Net
  Netfinance
      finance
       financecosts
               costs
                costsmainly
                      mainly
                      mainlyinclude
                              include
                               includeinterest
                                        interest
                                         interestonon
                                                    onour
                                                        our
                                                         ourlong-term
                                                             long-term   debt,
                                                              long-termdebt,
                                                                          debt,lease
                                                                                lease
                                                                                 leaseliabilities
                                                                                       liabilities
                                                                                         liabilitiesand
                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                      andfinancial
                                                                                                          financial
                                                                                                           financialassets.
                                                                                                                     assets.
                                                                                                                      assets.For
                                                                                                                              For
                                                                                                                                Forthe
                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                      theyear
                                                                                                                                         year
                                                                                                                                          yearended
                                                                                                                                              ended
                                                                                                                                               ended
September
 September
  September30, 30,
                30,2025,
                   2025,
                    2025,the
                          the
                           thenet
                               net
                                netfinance
                                    finance
                                     financecosts
                                              costs
                                                costsincreased
                                                      increased
                                                       increasedby by
                                                                    by$55.8
                                                                       $55.8  million,
                                                                        $55.8million,
                                                                               million,mainly
                                                                                        mainly
                                                                                          mainlydriven
                                                                                                   driven
                                                                                                    drivenbyby
                                                                                                             byan
                                                                                                               an
                                                                                                                anincrease
                                                                                                                   increase
                                                                                                                    increasein
                                                                                                                             inininterest
                                                                                                                                  interest
                                                                                                                                   interestdue
                                                                                                                                           due
                                                                                                                                            dueto
                                                                                                                                                to
                                                                                                                                                 tothe
                                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                                     the
issuance
 issuance
  issuanceofof
             ofsenior
               senior
                seniorunsecured
                      unsecured
                       unsecurednotesnotes
                                      notesin
                                            ininMarch
                                                 March
                                                 March2025,2025,and
                                                          2025,  and
                                                                  andlower
                                                                      lower
                                                                       lowerinterest
                                                                             interest
                                                                              interestonononour
                                                                                            our
                                                                                             ourcash
                                                                                                  cash
                                                                                                   cashbalances.
                                                                                                         balances.
                                                                                                          balances.




©©©2025
    2025
     2025CGI
         CGI
          CGIInc.
              Inc.
               Inc.                                                                                                                                  Page
                                                                                                                                                     Page
                                                                                                                                                      Page 25
                                                                                                                                                            25
                                                                                                                                                             25
26 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




3.7. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                                 Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                            2025            2024             $             %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Western and Southern Europe                                                 354,421         334,165         20,256          6.1%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                          13.2%           12.9%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government                                        359,174         337,325         21,849          6.5%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                          14.2%           14.5%
 U.S. Federal                                                                331,976         322,698          9,278          2.9%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                          14.8%           16.1%
 Canada                                                                      472,888         463,171          9,717          2.1%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                          22.6%           22.8%
 Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe                              235,202         191,752         43,450         22.7%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                          13.9%           12.0%
 U.K. and Australia                                                          299,345         251,662         47,683         18.9%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                          14.8%           15.9%
 Germany                                                                     108,107          88,438         19,669         22.2%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                          12.0%            9.9%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                 142,128         133,437          8,691          6.5%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                          15.7%           15.5%
 Asia Pacific                                                                307,672         293,121         14,551          5.0%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                          30.3%           30.7%
 Adjusted EBIT                                                             2,610,913        2,415,769       195,144          8.1%
   Adjusted EBIT margin                                                        16.4%           16.5%

For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT was $2,610.9 million, an increase of $195.1 million when compared to
last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 16.4% from 16.5%. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to the
temporary dilutive impact of recent business acquisitions and lower volumes related to our IP enabled process services within
the U.S. Federal segment, partially offset by efficiencies resulting from the restructuring program.


3.7.1. Western and Southern Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $354.4 million, an
increase of $20.3 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 13.2% from 12.9%. The increase in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to prior years adjustments for R&D tax credits in France, lower performance based
compensation accruals and efficiencies resulting from the restructuring program, partially offset by lower billable utilization and
two less available days to bill.


3.7.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was
$359.2 million, an increase of $21.8 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 14.2% from
14.5%. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due the temporary dilutive impact of a recent business acquisition and
the impact of the reevaluation of cost to complete on a project, partially offset by higher billable utilization.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page    26
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 27
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




3.7.3. U.S. Federal
For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Federal segment was $332.0 million, an increase of
$9.3 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 14.8% from 16.1%. The change in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to lower volumes related to our IP enabled business process services, partially offset by the impact of
the reevaluation of cost to complete on a project in the prior year and a ramp up of a new project.


3.7.4. Canada
For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $472.9 million, an increase of
$9.7 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 22.6% from 22.8%. The change in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to temporary dilutive impact of recent business acquisitions, partially offset by profitable organic growth
within IP-based revenues within the financial services vertical market.


3.7.5. Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT in the Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was
$235.2 million, an increase of $43.5 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 13.9% from
12.0%. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to efficiencies resulting from the restructuring program and
profitable organic growth within most vertical markets, partially offset by two less available days to bill.


3.7.6. U.K. and Australia
For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT in the U.K. and Australia segment was $299.3 million, an increase of
$47.7 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 14.8% from 15.9%. The change in adjusted
EBIT margin was mainly due to the temporary dilutive impact of a recent business acquisition and a favourable impact from a
settlement with a supplier in the prior year.


3.7.7. Germany
For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT in the Germany segment was $108.1 million, an increase of
$19.7 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 12.0% from 9.9%. The increase in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to efficiencies resulting from the restructuring program and the impact of the reevaluation of cost to
complete on a project in the prior year, partially offset by lower billable utilization.


3.7.8. Finland, Poland and Baltics
For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $142.1 million, an
increase of $8.7 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.7% from 15.5%. The increase in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to profitable organic growth within the government and health vertical markets, including
IP-based revenue. This was partially offset by a ramp down of projects within the financial services vertical market and
additional R&D tax credits in the prior year.


3.7.9. Asia Pacific
For the year ended September 30, 2025, adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $307.7 million, an increase of
$14.6 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin remained strong at 30.3% compared to 30.7%.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page   27
28 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s
 Management’sDiscussion
             Discussionand
                        andAnalysis
                           Analysis | | For
                                         Forthe
                                             theyears
                                                 yearsended
                                                       endedSeptember
                                                            September30,
                                                                      30,2025
                                                                          2025and
                                                                               and2024
                                                                                   2024




3.8.
3.8.NET
     NETEARNINGS
        EARNINGSAND
                 ANDEARNINGS
                    EARNINGSPER
                             PERSHARE
                                SHARE
The
 Thefollowing
     followingtable
               tablesets
                     setsout
                          outthe
                              theinformation
                                  informationsupporting
                                              supportingthe
                                                         theearnings
                                                             earningsper
                                                                      pershare
                                                                          sharecalculations:
                                                                                calculations:

                                                                                                                          Change
                                                                                                                           Change
 For
  Forthe
      theyears
          yearsended
                endedSeptember
                      September30,
                                30,
                                                                                    2025
                                                                                     2025          2024
                                                                                                    2024           $$               %
                                                                                                                                    %

 InInthousands
      thousandsofofCAD
                    CADexcept
                        exceptfor
                               forpercentage
                                   percentageand
                                              andshares
                                                  sharesdata
                                                         data

 Earnings
  Earningsbefore
           beforeincome
                  incometaxes
                         taxes                                                     2,242,190
                                                                                    2,242,190     2,290,951
                                                                                                   2,290,951      (48,761)
                                                                                                                   (48,761)         (2.1%)
                                                                                                                                     (2.1%)
 Income
  Incometax
         taxexpense
             expense                                                                 583,905
                                                                                    583,905         598,236
                                                                                                   598,236         (14,331)
                                                                                                                  (14,331)           (2.4%)
                                                                                                                                    (2.4%)
     Effectivetax
    Effective  taxrate
                   rate                                                                26.0%
                                                                                      26.0%           26.1%
                                                                                                     26.1%
 Net
  Netearnings
      earnings                                                                     1,658,285
                                                                                    1,658,285     1,692,715
                                                                                                   1,692,715      (34,430)
                                                                                                                   (34,430)         (2.0%)
                                                                                                                                     (2.0%)
    Net
     Netearnings
         earningsmargin
                 margin                                                               10.4%
                                                                                       10.4%         11.5%
                                                                                                      11.5%

 Weighted
 Weightedaverage
          averagenumber
                  numberof
                         ofshares
                            sharesoutstanding
                                   outstanding

     Class
      ClassAAsubordinate
              subordinatevoting
                          votingshares
                                 sharesand
                                        andClass
                                            ClassBBshares
                                                    shares(multiple
                                                           (multiplevoting)
                                                                     voting)      222,693,319                   (5,380,789)          (2.4%)
                                                                                 222,693,319     228,074,108
                                                                                                228,074,108    (5,380,789)          (2.4%)
     (basic)
      (basic)
     Class
      ClassAAsubordinate
                subordinatevoting
                            votingshares
                                   sharesand
                                          andClass
                                              ClassBBshares
                                                      shares(multiple
                                                             (multiplevoting)
                                                                       voting)   225,489,344
                                                                                  225,489,344   231,672,861
                                                                                                 231,672,861   (6,183,517)
                                                                                                                (6,183,517)         (2.7%)
                                                                                                                                     (2.7%)
     (diluted)
      (diluted)
  Earningsper
 Earnings  pershare
               share(in
                     (indollars)
                         dollars)
    Basic
   Basic                                                                                 7.45
                                                                                        7.45            7.42
                                                                                                       7.42              0.03
                                                                                                                        0.03          0.4%
                                                                                                                                     0.4%
    Diluted
   Diluted                                                                               7.35
                                                                                        7.35            7.31
                                                                                                       7.31              0.04
                                                                                                                        0.04          0.5%
                                                                                                                                     0.5%


3.8.1.
3.8.1.Income
       IncomeTax
             TaxExpense
                 Expense
For
 Forthe
      theyear
          yearended
                endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2025,
                                          2025,income
                                                 incometax
                                                        taxexpense
                                                            expensewas
                                                                     was$583.9
                                                                          $583.9million
                                                                                 millioncompared
                                                                                         comparedto to$598.2
                                                                                                       $598.2million
                                                                                                               millionlast
                                                                                                                       lastyear
                                                                                                                            yearand
                                                                                                                                 andour
                                                                                                                                     our
effective
 effectivetax
            taxrate
                ratedecreased
                      decreasedto  to26.0%
                                      26.0%from
                                             from26.1%.
                                                   26.1%.When
                                                          Whenexcluding
                                                                excludingthe
                                                                          thetax
                                                                              taxeffects
                                                                                  effectsfrom
                                                                                          fromrestructuring,
                                                                                               restructuring,acquisition
                                                                                                              acquisitionand
                                                                                                                           andrelated
                                                                                                                               related
integration
 integrationcosts,
              costs,the
                      theeffective
                           effectivetax
                                     taxrate
                                         ratealso
                                              alsodecreased
                                                   decreasedto
                                                             to25.9%
                                                                25.9%from
                                                                       from26.0%,
                                                                            26.0%,which
                                                                                    whichisismainly
                                                                                              mainlyexplained
                                                                                                     explainedbybyaachange
                                                                                                                      changeinin
profitability
 profitabilitymix
               mixinincertain
                       certaingeographies.
                               geographies.

The
 Thetable
      tableininsection
                section3.8.3.
                        3.8.3.shows
                               showsthe
                                     theyear-over-year
                                         year-over-yearcomparison
                                                        comparisonof
                                                                   ofthe
                                                                      thetax
                                                                          taxrate
                                                                              ratewith
                                                                                  withthe
                                                                                       theimpact
                                                                                           impactof
                                                                                                  ofrestructuring,
                                                                                                     restructuring,acquisition
                                                                                                                    acquisitionand
                                                                                                                                and
related
 relatedintegration
         integrationcosts
                      costsremoved.
                             removed.

Based
 Basedon onthe
            theenacted
                enactedrates
                        ratesat
                              atthe
                                  theend
                                      endof
                                          ofFiscal
                                             Fiscal2025  andour
                                                    2025and  ourcurrent
                                                                 currentprofitability
                                                                         profitabilitymix,
                                                                                      mix,weweexpect
                                                                                               expectour
                                                                                                       ouradjusted
                                                                                                           adjustedeffective
                                                                                                                    effectivetax
                                                                                                                              taxrate
                                                                                                                                  rate
to
 toincrease
    increasetotobetween
                 between26.0%
                         26.0%to to27.0%
                                    27.0%ininFiscal
                                              Fiscal2026,
                                                     2026,mainly
                                                          mainlydue
                                                                 duetotoaatemporary
                                                                           temporarytaxtaxincrease
                                                                                           increaseininFrance.
                                                                                                        France.

3.8.2.
3.8.2.Weighted
       WeightedAverage
               AverageNumber
                       Numberof
                             ofShares
                                SharesOutstanding
                                      Outstanding
For
  ForFiscal
       Fiscal2025,
              2025,CGI’s
                     CGI’sbasic
                             basicand
                                   anddiluted
                                       dilutedweighted
                                                weightedaverage
                                                          averagenumber
                                                                    numberof ofshares
                                                                                sharesoutstanding
                                                                                         outstandingdecreased
                                                                                                       decreasedcompared
                                                                                                                  comparedto toFiscal
                                                                                                                                Fiscal2024
                                                                                                                                       2024
due
  duetotothe
          theimpact
              impactof ofthe
                          thepurchase
                              purchasefor
                                        forcancellation
                                            cancellationofofClass
                                                            ClassAAshares,
                                                                      shares,partially
                                                                               partiallyoffset
                                                                                         offsetby
                                                                                                bythe
                                                                                                   theexercise
                                                                                                       exerciseof
                                                                                                                ofstock
                                                                                                                   stockoptions.
                                                                                                                         options.The
                                                                                                                                  Thetable
                                                                                                                                       table
ininsection
     section3.8.3.
             3.8.3.shows
                     showsthetheyear-over-year
                                 year-over-yearcomparison
                                                 comparisonof  ofthe
                                                                  theweighted
                                                                      weightedaverage
                                                                                 averagenumber
                                                                                            numberof ofshares
                                                                                                        sharesoutstanding.
                                                                                                               outstanding.See
                                                                                                                            Seenotes
                                                                                                                                 notes19,
                                                                                                                                        19,
2020and
      and2121ofofour
                  ouraudited
                      auditedconsolidated
                               consolidatedfinancial
                                             financialstatements
                                                       statementsforforadditional
                                                                        additionalinformation.
                                                                                   information.




©©2025
   2025CGI
        CGIInc.
            Inc.                                                                                                                     Page
                                                                                                                                      Page 28
                                                                                                                                            28
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 29
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




3.8.3. Adjusted Net Earnings and Earnings per Share
The following table provides a reconciliation between our earnings before income taxes, which is reported in accordance with
IFRS Accounting Standards, and adjusted net earnings:

                                                                                                                       Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                               2025            2024               $             %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages and shares data

 Earnings before income taxes                                                  2,242,190       2,290,951         (48,761)       (2.1%)
 Add back:

    Restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs                    285,031          96,929          188,102

      Restructuring                                                             196,796                —         196,796
      Cost Optimization Program                                                        —         91,063          (91,063)
      Acquisition and related integration costs                                  88,235            5,866          82,369

 Adjusted earnings before income taxes                                         2,527,221       2,387,880         139,341         5.8%

 Income tax expense                                                             583,905         598,236          (14,331)       (2.4%)
    Effective tax rate                                                            26.0%           26.1%
 Add back:

 Tax deduction on restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs       71,819          23,719           48,100

    Impact on effective tax rate                                                  (0.1%)          (0.1%)
      Tax deduction on restructuring                                             53,916                —          53,916
      Impact on effective tax rate                                                 0.1%               —%
      Tax deduction on Cost Optimization Program                                       —         22,956          (22,956)
      Impact on effective tax rate                                                    —%              —%
      Tax deduction on acquisition and related integration costs                 17,903               763         17,140
      Impact on effective tax rate                                                (0.2%)              —%

 Adjusted income tax expense                                                    655,724         621,955           33,769         5.4%
    Adjusted effective tax rate                                                   25.9%           26.0%
 Adjusted net earnings                                                         1,871,497       1,765,925         105,572         6.0%
    Adjusted net earnings margin                                                  11.8%           12.0%

 Weighted average number of shares outstanding

   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple            222,693,319     228,074,108      (5,380,789)       (2.4%)
   voting) (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple            225,489,344     231,672,861      (6,183,517)       (2.7%)
   voting) (diluted)
 Adjusted earnings per share (in dollars)

   Basic                                                                              8.40          7.74              0.66       8.5%

   Diluted                                                                            8.30          7.62              0.68       8.9%




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                 Page     29
30 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




4. Liquidity
4.1. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
CGI’s growth is financed through a combination of cash flow from operations, drawing on our unsecured committed revolving
credit facility, the issuance of long-term debt, and the issuance of equity. One of our financial priorities is to maintain an optimal
level of liquidity through the active management of our assets and liabilities as well as our cash flows.
As at September 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalents were $864.2 million. Cash included in funds held for clients was
$704.5 million. The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash and cash equivalents for the years
ended September 30, 2025 and 2024.

 For the years ended September 30,                                                      2025             2024            Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                  2,234,197        2,204,983           29,214
 Cash used in investing activities                                                     (2,200,582)       (775,384)       (1,425,198)
 Cash used in financing activities                                                      (246,665)       (1,607,657)        1,360,992
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash included       87,033           34,704           52,329
 in funds held for clients
 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for             (126,017)        (143,354)           17,337
 clients




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page     30
                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 31
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




4.1.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2025, cash provided by operating activities was $2,234.2 million or 14.0% of revenue
compared to $2,205.0 million or 15.0% of revenue for the same period last year.
The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities:

 For the years ended September 30,                                                                         2025                 2024               Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Net earnings                                                                                              1,658,285            1,692,715              (34,430)

 Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                   614,266              536,859                77,407

 Deferred income tax recovery                                                                                     626           (146,100)              146,726

 Other adjustments1                                                                                           80,063               56,513                23,550
 Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working                                 2,353,240            2,139,987              213,253
 capital items and others
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others:

     Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                               14,791              147,781            (132,990)
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation and employee-                          (105,223)               (6,132)             (99,091)
     related liabilities and provisions
     Income taxes                                                                                            (85,430)             (98,207)               12,777

     Others2                                                                                                  56,819               21,554                35,265

 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others                                                   (119,043)               64,996            (184,039)

 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                     2,234,197            2,204,983                29,214
1    Comprised of net foreign exchange loss, share-based payment costs and gain on sale of property, plant and equipment and on lease terminations.
 2   Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets (excluding long-term receivables), derivative financial instruments, long-term
     liabilities and retirement benefits obligations.


The increase of $29.2 million from our cash provided by operating activities was mostly due to additional unpaid restructuring
expenses and acquisition related costs and the timing of tax instalment payments, partially offset by the timing of supplier
payments and client collections.
The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                          Page     31
32 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




4.1.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2025, $2,200.6 million was used in investing activities while $775.4 million was used in
investing activities over the same period last year.
The following table provides a summary of the use of cash from investing activities:

 For the years ended September 30,                                                     2025        2024           Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Business acquisitions (net of cash acquired)                                     (1,829,965)      (380,313)      (1,449,652)
 Settlement of acquisition-related liabilities                                          (12,139)          —          (12,139)
 Loan receivable                                                                          9,915        7,508           2,407
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                             (116,611)   (109,733)          (6,878)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                      1,295        5,732          (4,437)
 Additions to contract costs                                                            (98,545)    (97,059)          (1,486)
 Additions to intangible assets                                                        (153,285)   (153,907)                622
 Net change in short-term and long-term investments                                      (1,247)    (47,612)          46,365
 Cash used in investing activities                                                (2,200,582)      (775,384)      (1,425,198)

The change of $1,425.2 million in cash used in investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2025 was mainly due
to cash used for the recent business acquisitions of Daugherty, BJSS, Novatec, Momentum and Apside.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page       32
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 33
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




4.1.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2025, $246.7 million were used in financing activities, while $1,607.7 million were used in
over the same period last year.

The following table provides a summary of the use of cash from financing activities:

 For the years ended September 30,                                                     2025          2024           Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Increase of long-term debt                                                             923,922        747,073         176,849
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                                  —     (1,154,878)       1,154,878
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                               —         38,943         (38,943)
 Payment of lease liabilities                                                          (177,465)     (146,762)         (30,703)
 Repayment of debt assumed from business acquisitions                                   (47,953)     (162,146)         114,193
 Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares and related tax    (1,274,530)       (934,765)        (339,765)
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                           62,001         76,523         (14,522)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts                           (13,323)      (66,847)          53,524
 Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of performance share units            (52,888)      (15,407)         (37,481)
 Cash dividends paid                                                                   (135,052)            —         (135,052)
 Net change in clients' funds obligations                                               468,623         10,609         458,014
 Cash used in financing activities                                                     (246,665)    (1,607,657)       1,360,992

The change of $1,361.0 million in cash used in financing activities during the year ended September 30, 2025 was mainly
driven by the issuance of senior unsecured notes in March 2025 in the amount of $923.9 million (see section 2.4 of the present
document), by the scheduled repayment in full in December 2023 of the unsecured committed term loan credit facility in the
amount of $670.4 million (US$500.0 million), by the scheduled repayments in full of senior unsecured notes in the amount of
$475.8 million (US$350.0 million) in September 2024 and by the net change in clients' funds obligations related to our payroll
services. This was partially offset by the issuance of senior unsecured notes for an amount of $747.1 million in September
2024, an increase in cash used for the repurchase for cancellation of Class A shares and related tax under the NCIB program
and by the cash dividends paid.

4.1.4. Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents and Cash
Included in Funds Held for Clients
For the year ended September 30, 2025, the effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash
included in funds held for clients had a favourable impact of $87.0 million. This amount had no effect on net earnings as it was
recorded in other comprehensive income.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page     33
34 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




4.2. CAPITAL RESOURCES
The following provides a summary of capital resources information as at September 30, 2025:

                                                                                                                                               Available
 In thousands of CAD
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                 864,209
 Short-term investments                                                                                                                                       3,675
 Long-term investments                                                                                                                                      27,687
 Unsecured committed revolving credit facility1                                                                                                        1,496,248
 Capital resources available2                                                                                                                         2,391,819

1   Letters of credit in the amount of $3.8 million were outstanding against this $1,500.0 million unsecured committed revolving credit facility.
2   Excludes cash, term deposits and long-term bonds included in funds held for clients for $704.5 million, $33.0 million and $240.9 million, respectively.


Cash and cash equivalents and investments represented $895.6 million. Short-term and long-term investments include
corporate bonds with maturities ranging from 91 days to five years, with a credit rating of A- or higher.

The Company also had $1,496.2 million available under its unsecured committed revolving credit facility which mature in 2030
and is generating a significant level of cash. CGI was showing a negative working capital (total current assets minus total
current liabilities) of $49.0 million due to the upcoming maturity of the 2021 U.S Senior Notes of $835.9 million in September
2026. CGI's management considers that the available capital resources will allow the Company to fund its operations while
maintaining adequate levels of liquidity. Letters of credit in the amount of $3.8 million were outstanding against this $1,500.0
million unsecured committed revolving credit facility.

The Company was in compliance with all of its restrictive covenants contained in its senior unsecured notes and its restrictive
covenants and ratios contained in its unsecured committed revolving credit facility.

The tax implications and impact related to the repatriation of cash will not materially affect the Company’s liquidity.

4.3. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
We are committed under the terms of contractual obligations which have various expiration dates, primarily related to long-
term debt and the rental of premises, computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts and long-term service agreements.

                                                                                     Less than                                                      More than
 Commitment type                                                  Total                                   1 - 3 years           3 - 5 years
                                                                                       1 year                                                        5 years
 In thousands of CAD
 Long-term debt                                                   3,660,536               846,954               900,545            1,355,705               557,332
 Estimated interest on long-term debt net of                        323,116                80,754               138,598                91,429                 12,335
 swaps
 Lease liabilities                                                  693,484               173,071               261,300              161,308                  97,805
 Estimated interest on lease liabilities                              86,088               24,664                34,902                16,077                 10,445
 Long-term service agreements                                       464,023               226,509               214,408                23,106                     —
 Total1                                                            5,227,247             1,351,952             1,549,753            1,647,625              677,917

1   Excludes clients' funds obligations for an amount of $973.7 million payable in less than 1 year.


4.4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
We use various financial instruments to help us manage our exposure to fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and
interest rates. See note 32 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our financial
instruments and hedging transactions.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                               Page     34
                                                                                                                           FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 35
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




4.5. SELECTED MEASURES OF CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
 As at September 30,                                                                                                  2025                       2024
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Reconciliation between long-term debt and lease liabilities1 and net debt:
 Long-term debt and lease liabilities1                                                                                  4,331,319                   3,308,403
 Minus the following items:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              864,209                  1,461,145
    Short-term investments                                                                                                    3,675                        3,279
    Long-term investments                                                                                                    27,687                       24,209
    Fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments related to debt                                       (15,620)                            —
 Net debt                                                                                                                3,451,368                  1,819,770
 Net debt to capitalization ratio                                                                                            25.1%                        16.2%
 Return on invested capital                                                                                                  13.6%                        16.0%
 Days sales outstanding                                                                                                          45                          41

1   As at September 30, 2025, long-term debt and lease liabilities were $3,637.8 million ($2,688.3 million as at September 30, 2024) and $693.5 million
    ($620.1 million as at September 30, 2024), respectively, including their current portions.

During the year ended September 30, 2025, our long-term debt and lease liabilities increased by $1,022.9 million mainly driven
by the issuance of senior unsecured notes for an amount of $923.9 million in March 2025.

On October 30, 2025, the unsecured committed revolving credit facility was extended by one year to October 2030 and can be
further extended. There were no material changes in the terms and conditions including interest rates and banking covenants.

We use the net debt to capitalization ratio as an indication of our financial leverage in order to realize our Build and Buy
profitable growth strategy (see section 1.2. of the present document for additional information on our Build and Buy profitable
growth strategy). The net debt to capitalization ratio increased to 25.1% in Fiscal 2025 from 16.2% in Fiscal 2024 mostly due
to recent business acquisitions and by the repurchase of shares, partially offset by our cash generation during the last four
quarters.

ROIC is a measure of the Company’s efficiency in allocating the capital under our control to profitable investments. The return
on invested capital ratio decreased to 13.6% in Fiscal 2025 from 16.0% in Fiscal 2024. The decrease in ROIC was mainly the
result of capital allocated to recent business acquisitions which are in the process of being integrated and restructuring costs.

DSO increased to 45 days at the end of Fiscal 2025 when compared to 41 days last year. This increase is mainly due to lower
cash collections relative to our revenue growth and recent business acquisitions.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                           Page     35
36 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




4.6. GUARANTEES
In the normal course of operations, we may enter into agreements to provide financial or performance assurances to third
parties on the sale of assets, business divestitures and guarantees on government and commercial contracts.

In connection with sales of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs and
losses incurred as a result of breaches in our contractual obligations, including representations and warranties, intellectual
property right infringement claims and litigation against counterparties, among others.

While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential exposure, others do not specify a maximum amount or a maturity
date or survival period. It is not possible to reasonably estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such
guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which
cannot be determined at this time. No amount has been accrued in the consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of
guarantee or indemnification as at September 30, 2025. The Company does not expect to incur any potential payment in
connection with these guarantees that could have a material adverse effect on its audited consolidated financial statements.

In the normal course of business, we may secure bid and performance bonds from third party financial institutions to offer to
certain clients, principally governmental entities. In general, we would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if we
refuse to perform the project once we are awarded the bid. We would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of
a default in the performance of our obligations. As at September 30, 2025, we had committed a total of $275.2 million for these
bonds. To the best of our knowledge, the Company complies with our performance obligations under all service contracts for
which there was a bid or performance bond, and the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees,
would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations or financial condition.


4.7. CAPABILITY TO DELIVER RESULTS
CGI's management believes that the Company has sufficient capital resources to support ongoing business operations and
execute our Build and Buy profitable growth strategy. Our principal and most accretive uses of cash are: to invest in our
business (procuring new large managed IT and business process services contracts and developing business and IP
solutions); to pursue accretive acquisitions; to purchase for cancellation Class A shares and pay down debt. In terms of
financing, we are well positioned to continue executing our four-pillar growth strategy in Fiscal 2025.

To successfully implement the Company's strategy, CGI relies on a strong leadership team, supported by highly
knowledgeable consultants and professionals with relevant relationships and significant experience in both IT and our targeted
industries. CGI fosters leadership development through the CGI Leadership Institute ensuring continuity and knowledge
transfer across the organization. For key positions, a detailed succession plan is established and revised frequently.

As a Company built on human capital, the knowledge of our consultants and professionals are critical to delivering quality
service to our clients. Our human resources program allows us to attract and retain the best talent as it provides competitive
compensation and benefits, a favourable working environment, training programs and career development opportunities.
Employee satisfaction is monitored annually through a Company-wide survey. In addition, a majority of our professionals are
owners of CGI through our Share Purchase Plan, which, along with our Profit Participation Plan, allows them to share in the
Company's success, further aligning stakeholder interests.

In addition to capital resources and talent, CGI has established the Management Foundation, which encompasses governance
policies, organizational models and sophisticated management frameworks for our business units and corporate processes.
This robust governance model provides a common business language for managing all operations consistently across the
globe, driving a focus on continuous improvement. CGI’s operations maintain appropriate certifications in accordance with
service requirements such as ISO and CMMI certification programs.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page    36
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                         FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 37
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




5.
5. Fourth
   Fourth Quarter
          Quarter Results
                  Results
5.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
5.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
Bookings for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 were $4.8 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 119.2%. The
Bookings for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 were $4.8 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 119.2%. The
breakdown of the new bookings signed during the quarter is as follows:
breakdown of the new bookings signed during the quarter is as follows:


                                                                                                 G H                                      E
                                                                                             F              A
                                                                                                                                     D
                                                    B
                                                                                                                                                       A
            B                                                                            E
                  Contract Type   A                     Service Type                             Segment                             Vertical Market

                                                                         A                                      B                C
                                                                                             D
                                                                                                       C                                      B



     A   Extensions,                  55%   A   Managed IT and               66%   A   U.S. Federal                 21%    A    Government                 40%
         renewals and                           business process
         add-ons                                services                           B   U.S. Commercial and          20%    B    Financial services         21%
                                                                                       State Government
     B   New business                 45%   B   Business and                 34%                                           C    Health                     17%
                                                strategic IT                       C   Western and Southern         16%
                                                                                       Europe                              D    MRD                        16%
                                                consulting and
                                                systems integration                D   Canada                       13%    E    Communications             6%
                                                services                                                                        and utilities
                                                                                   E   U.K. and Australia           13%
                                                                                   F   Scandinavia,                  9%
                                                                                       Northwest and
                                                                                       Central-East Europe

                                                                                   G   Germany                       5%
                                                                                   H   Finland, Poland and           3%
                                                                                       Baltics


Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. The following table provides a
Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. The following table provides a
summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:
summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:

                                                                                       Bookings for the       Bookings for the Book-to-bill ratio for
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages                                            Bookings
                                                                                   three  months for    the
                                                                                                     ended    Bookings
                                                                                                                   year for
                                                                                                                        endedthe Book-to-bill     ratio
                                                                                                                                           the year     for
                                                                                                                                                    ended
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages                                        three  months
                                                                                    September 30,    ended         year
                                                                                                      2025 September  30,ended
                                                                                                                          2025 September   the year
                                                                                                                                                  30,ended
                                                                                                                                                      2025
                                                                                                    H
                                                                                    SeptemberG30, 2025A September 30, 2025 ESeptember 30, 2025
                                                                                             F                              D
 Total CGI                                    B                                                 4,785,552          17,571,914                      110.4%
 Total CGI                                                                                      4,785,552          17,571,914                  A 110.4%
 U.S. FederalB                                                                            E     1,016,374           2,084,510                       92.5%
 U.S. FederalType de contrat A                  Type de service                                  Secteur
                                                                                                1,016,374           2,084,510  Secteur cible        92.5%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government                           A
                                                                                                  962,476 B         4,279,495
                                                                                                                          C                        151.9%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government                                                       D     962,476           4,279,495                      151.9%
 Western and Southern Europe                                                                      780,106           2,838,971                      108.3%
 Western and Southern Europe                                                                          C
                                                                                                  780,106           2,838,971         B            108.3%
 Canada                                                                                           630,082           2,487,039                      108.5%
 Canada                                                                                           630,082           2,487,039                      108.5%
 U.K. and Australia                                                                               595,051           2,100,166                       94.1%
 U.K.A and  Australia
         Prolongations,       55 %    A Services en TI et         66 %              A Gouvernement595,051    21 %   2,100,166
                                                                                                                    A   Gouvernements             4094.1%
                                                                                                                                                      %
 Scandinavia,     Northwest and Central-East
         renouvellements                      Europe
                                          en gestion des                                          413,131
                                                                                        fédéral américain           1,929,814                      110.1%
 Scandinavia,
         et ajoutsNorthwest and Central-East  Europe
                                          processus d’affaires                                    413,131           B   Services ﬁnanciers
                                                                                                                    1,929,814                     21 %
                                                                                                                                                   110.1%
 Germany                                                                            B Secteur privé et
                                                                                                  226,516    20 %
    B    Nouvelles ententes   45 %
                                          en mode délégué
                                                                                        gouvernements               C 990,018
                                                                                                                        Santé                      100.9%
                                                                                                                                                  17  %
 Germany                                                                                          226,516             990,018                      100.9%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics          B Services de conseil       34 %                  locaux, É.-U.
                                                                                                  161,816               Manufacturier,
                                                                                                                    D 861,901                     16 %
                                                                                                                                                    89.5%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics              en management
                                                et en stratégie TI et               C Europe de161,816
                                                                                                   l’Ouest   16 %     861,901
                                                                                                                        distribution et détail      89.5%
                                                                                       et du Sud                           E    Communications             6%
                                                services d’intégration
                                                de systèmes                        D   Canada                       13 %        et services publics

                                                                                   E   R.-U. et Australie           13 %
                                                                                   F   Scandinavie,                 9%
                                                                                       Nord-ouest et
                                                                                       Centre-est de l’Europe
                                                                                   G   Allemangne                   5%
                                                                                   H   Finlande, Pologne            3%
© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                        et pays baltes                                                      Page   37
© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                            Page   37
38 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




5.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS
Accounting Standards, we measure assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various
exchange rates. We report all amounts in Canadian dollars.


Closing foreign exchange rates

 As at September 30,                                                                  2025           2024         Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                            1.3931         1.3515          3.1%
 Euro                                                                                   1.6349         1.5064          8.5%
 Indian rupee                                                                           0.0157         0.0161         (2.5%)
 British pound                                                                          1.8730         1.8111          3.4%
 Swedish krona                                                                          0.1480         0.1333         11.0%


Average foreign exchange rates

 For the three months ended September 30,                                             2025           2024         Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                            1.3772         1.3643          0.9%
 Euro                                                                                   1.6094         1.4983          7.4%
 Indian rupee                                                                           0.0158         0.0163         (3.1%)
 British pound                                                                          1.8571         1.7732          4.7%
 Swedish krona                                                                          0.1447         0.1309         10.5%




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                       Page     38
5.3. REVENUE
Management’s      DISTRIBUTION
             Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 39

The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the quarter ended September 30, 2025:



5.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the quarter ended September 30, 2025:


                                                                           H                                             E
                                                                      G                                           D
                                                                  F                   A
                                                                                                                                      A
                   B                                             E          Client
                        Service Type                                                                              Vertical Market
                                         A                                Geography
                                                                                                              C
                                                                  D
                                                                                      B
                                                                            C                                                B



        A   Managed IT and                   55%    A   U.S.                              31%    A   Government                           38%
            Business Process
            Services                                B   U.K.                              15%    B   Financial services                   22%

        B   Business and strategic           45%    C   France                            15%    C   MRD                                  21%
            IT consulting and                       D   Canada                            14%    D   Communications                       12%
            systems integration                                                                      and utilities
            services                                E   Germany                            6%
                                                                                                 E   Health                                7%
                                                    F   Finland                            5%
                                                    G   Sweden                             4%
                                                    H   Rest of the world                 10%




5.3.1. Client Concentration
IFRS Accounting Standards guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known
to the reporting entity to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its
                                                             H                                      E
various agencies represented 13.6% of our revenue for Q4  G 2025 as compared to 14.2% for Q4 2024.
                                                                     A                         D
                                                                  F
5.3.1. ClientB Concentration                                     E     Répartition
                                                                                                                                      A
                       Type de service                                                                                Secteur cible
                                   A                                  géographique
IFRS Accounting Standards      guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a Cgroup of entities that are known
                                                        D
to the reporting entity to be under common control. As a consequence,B our work for the U.S. federal government including its
various agencies represented 13.6% of our revenue for Q4 2025C   as compared to 14.2% for Q4 2024. B


        A   Services en TI et                55 %   A   É.-U.                             31 %   A   Gouvernements                        38 %
            en gestion des                              R.-U.                             15 %
                                                    B                                            B   Services ﬁnanciers                   22 %
            processus d’affaires
            en mode délégué                         C   France                            15 %   C   Manufacturier,                       21 %
                                                    D   Canada                            14 %       distribution et détail
        B   Services de conseil              45 %
            en management                           E   Allemagne                         6%     D   Communications                       12 %
            et en stratégie TI et                                                                    et services publics
                                                    F   Finlande                          5%
            services d’intégration                                                               E   Santé                                7%
            de systèmes                             G   Suède                             4%
                                                    H   Reste du monde                    10 %




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                  Page   39




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                  Page   39
40 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




5.4. REVENUE BY SEGMENT
Our segments are reported based on where the client's work is delivered from within our geographic delivery model.

The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment before
eliminations, separately showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between Q4 2025 and Q4 2024. The
Q4 2024 revenues by segment were recorded reflecting the actual foreign exchange rates for the respective period. The
foreign exchange impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the same period’s results converted
with the prior year’s foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                           Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                  2025            2024              $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Total CGI revenue                                                4,013,837       3,660,391         353,446              9.7%
 Constant currency revenue growth                                     5.5%
 Foreign currency impact                                              4.2%
 Variation over previous period                                       9.7%
 Western and Southern Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          633,317         620,844           12,473              2.0%
 Foreign currency impact                                            47,701
 Western and Southern Europe revenue                               681,018         620,844           60,174              9.7%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          621,008         578,312           42,696              7.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                             6,684
 U.S. Commercial and State Government revenue                      627,692         578,312           49,380              8.5%
 U.S. Federal
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          542,538         522,828           19,710              3.8%
 Foreign currency impact                                             5,564
 U.S. Federal revenue                                              548,102         522,828           25,274              4.8%
 Canada
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          508,554         512,324          (3,770)          (0.7%)
 Foreign currency impact                                                 138
 Canada revenue                                                    508,692         512,324          (3,632)          (0.7%)
 Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          381,954         374,998              6,956            1.9%
 Foreign currency impact                                            34,944

 Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe revenue            416,898         374,998           41,900          11.2%

 U.K. and Australia
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          541,014         421,324          119,690          28.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                            25,025
 U.K. and Australia revenue                                        566,039         421,324          144,715          34.3%
 Germany
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                          218,489         223,933          (5,444)          (2.4%)
 Foreign currency impact                                            16,439
 Germany revenue                                                   234,928         223,933           10,995              4.9%



© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                      Page       40
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 41
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




                                                                                                              Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                    2025            2024               $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Finland, Poland and Baltics
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            197,035          203,132          (6,097)           (3.0%)
 Foreign currency impact                                              14,950
 Finland, Poland and Baltics revenue                                 211,985          203,132              8,853           4.4%
 Asia Pacific
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            262,790          247,023           15,767             6.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                              (7,399)
 Asia Pacific revenue                                                255,391          247,023              8,368           3.4%

 Eliminations                                                        (36,908)         (44,327)             7,419       (16.7%)

For the three months ended September 30, 2025, revenue was $4,013.8 million, an increase of $353.4 million or 9.7% over
the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $200.7 million or 5.5%. The increase in
revenue was mainly due to recent business acquisitions, partially offset by lower demand within the MRD vertical market and
lower volumes related to our IP enabled business process services in the U.S. Federal segment.

5.4.1. Western and Southern Europe
Revenue in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $681.0 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $60.2 million or 9.7%
over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $12.5 million or 2.0%. The increase in
revenue was mainly due to recent business acquisitions, partially offset by lower demand within the communications and
utilities and MRD vertical markets and one less available day to bill.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Western and Southern Europe vertical markets were MRD and financial services,
generating combined revenues of approximately $410 million for the three months ended September 30, 2025.

5.4.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
Revenue in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $627.7 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $49.4 million
or 8.5% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $42.7 million or 7.4%. The
increase in revenue was mainly due to a recent business acquisition, partially offset by the increased use of our Asia Pacific
global delivery centers for client work.
On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. Commercial and State Government vertical markets were government and
financial services, generating combined revenues of approximately $400 million for the three months ended September 30,
2025.

5.4.3. U.S. Federal
Revenue in the U.S. Federal segment was $548.1 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $25.3 million or 4.8% over the same
period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $19.7 million or 3.8%. The increase in revenue was
mainly due to a recent business acquisition and a ramp up of a new project, partially offset by lower volumes related to our IP
enabled business process services.
For the three months ended September 30, 2025, $471 million of revenues in the U.S. Federal segment were federal civilian
based agencies.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page     41
42 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




5.4.4. Canada
Revenue in the Canada segment was $508.7 million in Q4 2025, a decrease of $3.6 million or 0.7% over the same period last
year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $3.8 million or 0.7%. The change in revenue was mainly due to
projects ended within the government vertical market and increased use of our Asia Pacific global delivery centers for client
work, partially offset by organic growth in IP-based revenues within the financial services vertical market and recent business
acquisitions.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services and government, generating
combined revenues of approximately $377 million for the three months ended September 30, 2025.

5.4.5. Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe
Revenue in the Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $416.9 million in Q4 2025, an increase of
$41.9 million or 11.2% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $7.0 million or
1.9%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to organic growth in most vertical markets, mainly within the financial services
vertical market.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe vertical markets were MRD and
government, generating combined revenues of approximately $272 million for the three months ended September 30, 2025.

5.4.6. U.K. and Australia
Revenue in the U.K. and Australia segment was $566.0 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $144.7 million or 34.3% over the
same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $119.7 million or 28.4%. The increase in revenue
was mainly due to a recent business acquisition and organic growth within the government vertical market, partially offset by
project related equipment sales in the prior year.
On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. and Australia vertical markets were government and MRD, generating combined
revenues of approximately $434 million for the three months ended September 30, 2025.

5.4.7. Germany
Revenue in the Germany segment was $234.9 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $11.0 million or 4.9% over the same period
last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $5.4 million or 2.4%. The change in revenue was mainly due to
lower demand within the MRD vertical market, partially offset by a recent business acquisition.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Germany vertical markets were government and MRD, generating combined
revenues of approximately $178 million for the three months ended September 30, 2025..

5.4.8. Finland, Poland and Baltics
Revenue in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $212.0 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $8.9 million or 4.4% over
the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $6.1 million or 3.0%. The change in revenue
was mainly due to a ramp down of projects within the financial services market, partially offset by organic growth within health,
including IP-based revenue, and government vertical markets.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Finland, Poland and Baltics vertical markets were financial services and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $118 million for the three months ended September 30, 2025.

5.4.9. Asia Pacific
Revenue in the Asia Pacific segment was $255.4 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $8.4 million or 3.4% over the same period
last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $15.8 million or 6.4%. The increase in revenue was mainly due
to the continued demand for our global delivery centers for client work, partially offset by one less available day to bill.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                Page   42
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 43
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




5.5. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                                   Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                       2025             2024                $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Western and Southern Europe                                              92,576           65,109            27,467            42.2%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     13.6%             10.5%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government                                     86,893           93,115            (6,222)          (6.7%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     13.8%             16.1%
 U.S. Federal                                                             88,798           94,038            (5,240)          (5.6%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     16.2%             18.0%
 Canada                                                                  111,818          110,871                947             0.9%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     22.0%             21.6%
 Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe                           64,196           43,103            21,093            48.9%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     15.4%             11.5%
 U.K. and Australia                                                       85,158           62,321            22,837            36.6%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     15.0%             14.8%
 Germany                                                                  29,689           23,871               5,818          24.4%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     12.6%             10.7%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics                                              36,318           38,662            (2,344)          (6.1%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     17.1%             19.0%
 Asia Pacific                                                             71,943           69,159               2,784            4.0%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     28.2%             28.0%
 Adjusted EBIT                                                           667,389          600,249            67,140            11.2%
   Adjusted EBIT margin                                                   16.6%             16.4%

Adjusted EBIT for the three months ended September 30, 2025 was $667.4 million, an increase of $67.1 million when
compared to Q4 2024. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 16.6% from 16.4% when compared to last year. The increase in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to the impact of tax credits and efficiencies resulting from the restructuring program.
This was partially offset by lower volumes related to our IP enabled business process services within the U.S. Federal
segment, an impairment taken on a business solution and the impact of the reevaluation of cost to complete on a project within
the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment.

5.5.1. Western and Southern Europe
Adjusted EBIT in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $92.6 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $27.5 million when
compared to Q4 2024. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 13.6% from 10.5% in Q4 2024. The increase in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to prior years adjustments for R&D tax credits in France and efficiencies resulting from the
restructuring program. This was partially offset by lower billable utilization, one less available day to bill and the dilutive impact
of recent business acquisitions.

5.5.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $86.9 million in Q4 2025, a decrease of $6.2
million when compared to Q4 2024. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 13.8% from 16.1% in Q4 2024. The change in
adjusted EBIT margin was due to an impairment taken on a business solution, the impact of the reevaluation of cost to
complete on a project and the temporary dilutive impact of a recent business acquisition, partially offset by higher billable
utilization.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                Page     43
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
44 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis




5.5.3. U.S. Federal
Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Federal segment was $88.8 million in Q4 2025, a decrease of $5.2 million when compared to Q4
2024. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 16.2% from 18.0% in Q4 2024. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly
due to lower volumes related to our IP enabled business process services, partially offset by a ramp up of a new project.

5.5.4. Canada
Adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $111.8 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $0.9 million when compared to Q4 2024.
Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 22.0% from 21.6% in Q4 2024. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to
profitable organic growth within IP-based revenues within the financial services vertical market, partially offset by lower tax
credits.

5.5.5. Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe
Adjusted EBIT in the Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $64.2 million in Q4 2025, an increase of
$21.1 million when compared to Q4 2024. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.4% from 11.5% in Q4 2024. The increase in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to efficiencies resulting from the restructuring program and profitable organic growth
within most vertical markets.

5.5.6. U.K. and Australia
Adjusted EBIT in the U.K. and Australia segment was $85.2 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $22.8 million when compared to
Q4 2024. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.0% from 14.8% in Q4 2024. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly
due to project related equipment sales at lower margin in the prior year, partially offset by the temporary dilutive impact of a
recent business acquisition.

5.5.7. Germany
Adjusted EBIT in the Germany segment was $29.7 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $5.8 million when compared to Q4 2024.
Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 12.6% from 10.7% in Q4 2024. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due
efficiencies resulting from the restructuring program.

5.5.8. Finland, Poland and Baltics
Adjusted EBIT in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $36.3 million in Q4 2025, a decrease of $2.3 million when
compared to Q4 2024. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 17.1% from 19.0% in Q4 2024. The change in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to additional R&D tax credits in the prior year and a ramp down of projects in the financial services
vertical market. This was partially offset by profitable organic growth within the health vertical market, including IP-based
revenue.

5.5.9. Asia Pacific
Adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $71.9 million in Q4 2025, an increase of $2.8 million when compared to Q4
2024. Adjusted EBIT margin remained strong at 28.2% compared to 28.0% in Q4 2024.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page   44
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 45
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




5.6. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:

                                                                                                                 Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                        2025            2024              $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data

 Adjusted EBIT                                                           667,389         600,249           67,140             11.2%
 Minus the following items:
    Restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs             121,560            3,443         118,117         3,430.6%
    Net finance costs                                                     29,588            4,394          25,194          573.4%
 Earnings before income taxes                                            516,241         592,412         (76,171)         (12.9%)
 Income tax expense                                                      134,885         156,489         (21,604)         (13.8%)
    Effective tax rate                                                     26.1%           26.4%
 Net earnings                                                            381,356         435,923         (54,567)         (12.5%)
    Net earnings margin                                                     9.5%           11.9%

 Weighted average number of shares outstanding

     Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple   219,550,663     225,247,324      (5,696,661)          (2.5%)
     voting) (basic)
     Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple   221,916,475     228,777,092      (6,860,617)          (3.0%)
     voting) (diluted)
 Earnings per share (in dollars)
   Basic                                                                       1.74            1.94           (0.20)      (10.3%)
   Diluted                                                                     1.72            1.91           (0.19)        (9.9%)

For the three months ended September 30, 2025, income tax expense was $134.9 million compared to $156.5 million over the
same period last year and our effective tax rate decreased to 26.1% from 26.4%. When excluding the tax effects from
restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs, the effective tax rate decreased to 26.0% from 26.3%, which is mainly
explained by a change in profitability mix in certain geographies.

For Q4 2025, CGI’s basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased compared to Q4 2024 due
to the impact of the purchase for cancellation of Class A shares and related tax, partially offset by the exercise of stock options.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page     45
46 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




5.6.1. Adjusted Net Earnings and Earnings per Share
The following table provides a reconciliation between our earnings before income taxes, which is reported in accordance with
IFRS Accounting Standards, and adjusted net earnings:

                                                                                                                 Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                         2025            2024             $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages and shares data
 Earnings before income taxes                                             516,241         592,412         (76,171)        (12.9%)
 Add back:
    Restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs              121,560            3,443        118,117
    Restructuring                                                          98,796                 —        98,796
    Cost Optimization Program                                                    —                —             —
    Acquisition and related integration costs                              22,764            3,443         19,321

 Adjusted earnings before income taxes                                    637,801         595,855          41,946             7.0%

 Income tax expense                                                       134,885         156,489         (21,604)        (13.8%)
    Effective tax rate                                                      26.1%           26.4%
 Add back:
 Tax deduction on restructuring, acquisition and related integration       31,199               279        30,920
 costs
    Impact on effective tax rate                                            (0.1%)          (0.1%)
    Tax deduction on restructuring                                         27,175                 —        27,175
    Impact on effective tax rate                                             0.2%               —%
    Tax deduction on Cost Optimization Program                                   —                —             —
    Impact on effective tax rate                                                —%              —%
    Tax deduction on acquisition and related integration costs               4,024              279           3,745
    Impact on effective tax rate                                            (0.3%)          (0.1%)

 Adjusted income tax expense                                              166,084         156,768             9,316           5.9%
    Adjusted effective tax rate                                             26.0%           26.3%
 Adjusted net earnings                                                    471,717         439,087          32,630             7.4%
    Adjusted net earnings margin                                            11.8%           12.0%

 Weighted average number of shares outstanding

   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple      219,550,663     225,247,324     (5,696,661)         (2.5%)
   voting) (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple      221,916,475     228,777,092     (6,860,617)         (3.0%)
   voting) (diluted)
 Adjusted earnings per share (in dollars)

   Basic                                                                        2.15            1.95           0.20        10.3%

   Diluted                                                                      2.13            1.92           0.21        10.9%




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page      46
                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 47
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




5.7. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
As at September 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalents were $864.2 million. Cash included in funds held for clients was
$704.5 million. The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash and cash equivalents for the
quarters ended September 30, 2025 and 2024.

 For the three months ended September 30,                                                                  2025                 2024               Change
 In thousands of CAD

 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                       663,015              629,061                33,954

 Cash used in investing activities                                                                         (321,825)            (565,189)              243,364

 Cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                                           (615,710)               31,588            (647,298)
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash included                          13,040               10,696                 2,344
 in funds held for clients
 Net decrease (increase) in cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds                              (261,480)              106,156            (367,636)
 held for clients

5.7.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
For the three months ended September 30, 2025, cash provided by operating activities was $663.0 million or 16.5% of
revenue compared to $629.1 million or 17.2% of revenue for the same period last year.
The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities:

 For the three months ended September 30,                                                                  2025                 2024               Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Net earnings                                                                                                381,356              435,923              (54,567)

 Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                   152,499              123,050                29,449

 Deferred income tax recovery                                                                                 10,447              (57,023)               67,470

 Other adjustments1                                                                                           23,012               12,445                10,567
 Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working                                   567,314              514,395                52,919
 capital items and others
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others:

     Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                               72,717              108,625              (35,908)
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation and employee-                             51,140                 8,582               42,558
     related liabilities and provisions
     Income taxes                                                                                            (44,532)             (27,761)             (16,771)

     Others2                                                                                                  16,376               25,220               (8,844)

 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others                                                      95,701              114,666              (18,965)

 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                       663,015              629,061                33,954
1    Comprised of net foreign exchange loss, share-based payment costs and gain on sale of property, plant and equipment and on lease terminations.
 2   Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets (excluding long-term receivables), derivative financial instruments, long-term
     liabilities and retirement benefits obligations.


For the three months ended September 30, 2025, the increase of $34.0 million from our cash provided by operating activities
was mostly due to additional unpaid restructuring expenses and acquisition related costs and the timing of tax instalment
payments, partially offset by the timing of supplier payments and client collections.
The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                          Page     47
48 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




5.7.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
For the three months ended September 30, 2025, $321.8 million were used in investing activities while $565.2 million were
used in investing activities over the same period last year.
The following table provides a summary of the use of cash from investing activities:

 For the three months ended September 30,                                              2025         2024           Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Business acquisitions (net of cash acquired)                                          (237,532)    (330,158)          92,626
 Settlement of acquisition-related liabilities                                          (12,139)           —         (12,139)
 Loan receivable                                                                              —        1,988          (1,988)
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                              (27,745)     (23,385)         (4,360)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                          —        5,732          (5,732)
 Additions to contract costs                                                            (19,154)     (25,194)           6,040
 Additions to intangible assets                                                         (33,603)     (33,057)           (546)

 Net change in short-term and long-term investments                                       8,348     (161,115)        169,463

 Cash used in investing activities                                                     (321,825)    (565,189)        243,364

The change of $243.4 million in cash used in investing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2025 was
mainly due to net impact of proceeds and purchases of our funds held for clients' investments in the prior year and lower
business acquisition related payments.

5.7.3. Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities
For the three months ended September 30, 2025, $615.7 million were used in financing activities, while $31.6 million were
provided by financing activities over the same period last year.

The following table provides a summary of the use of cash from financing activities:

 For the three months ended September 30,                                              2025         2024           Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Increase of long-term debt                                                                   —      747,073        (747,073)

 Repayment of long-term debt                                                                  —     (475,793)        475,793

 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                               —       20,856         (20,856)

 Payment of lease liabilities                                                           (51,350)     (28,413)        (22,937)

 Repayment of debt assumed from business acquisitions                                   (45,781)    (162,146)        116,365

 Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares and related tax        (490,765)     (49,366)       (441,399)

 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                            8,203       18,037          (9,834)

 Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of performance share units               (257)        (526)               269

 Cash dividends paid                                                                    (33,282)           —         (33,282)

 Net change in clients' funds obligations                                                (2,478)     (38,134)          35,656

 Cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                       (615,710)      31,588        (647,298)

The change of $647.3 million was mainly driven by the issuance of senior unsecured notes for an amount of $747.1 million in
September 2024 and by an increase in cash used for the repurchase for cancellation of Class A shares and related tax under
the NCIB program. This was partially offset by the scheduled repayments in full of senior unsecured notes in the amount of
$475.8 million (US$350.0 million) in September 2024 and repayment of debt assumed from business acquisitions.



© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page       48
                                                                                                                                      FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 49
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




6. Eight Quarter Summary
                                                                   Sept. 30,     Jun. 30,     Mar. 31,      Dec. 31,     Sept. 30,     Jun. 30,      Mar. 31,     Dec. 31,
    As at and for the three months ended                            2025          2025         2025          2024         2024          2024          2024         2023
    In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
    Growth
    Revenue                                                         4,013.8       4,090.2      4,023.4       3,785.2       3,660.4      3,672.0       3,740.8      3,603.0
    Year-over-year revenue growth                                     9.7%        11.4%          7.6%         5.1%          4.4%          1.3%         0.7%          4.4%
    Constant currency revenue growth                                  5.5%         7.0%          3.3%         2.7%          2.0%          0.2%         0.0%          1.5%
    Backlog 1                                                       31,451        30,580        30,987       29,765        28,724        27,563       26,823        26,573
    Bookings                                                         4,786         4,146        4,485         4,156         3,823        4,280         3,754         4,187
    Book-to-bill ratio                                              119.2%        101.4%       111.5%        109.8%       104.4%        116.6%        100.4%       116.2%
    Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve months                       110.4%        106.7%       110.6%        107.8%       109.3%        111.7%        112.8%       113.6%
    Profitability
    Earnings before income taxes                                     516.2         551.6        582.6         591.7         592.4        594.0         577.4         527.1
      Earnings before income taxes margin                            12.9%        13.5%         14.5%         15.6%        16.2%         16.2%        15.4%         14.6%
    Adjusted EBIT   2                                                667.4         666.1        665.7         611.7         600.2        602.8         628.5         584.2
      Adjusted EBIT margin                                           16.6%        16.3%         16.5%         16.2%        16.4%         16.4%        16.8%         16.2%
    Net earnings                                                     381.4         408.6        429.7         438.6         435.9        440.1         426.9         389.8
      Net earnings margin                                             9.5%        10.0%         10.7%         11.6%        11.9%         12.0%        11.4%         10.8%
    Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                          1.72          1.82         1.89          1.92         1.91          1.91          1.83         1.67
    Adjusted net earnings2                                           471.7         470.1        480.7         449.0         439.1        440.2         459.4         427.2
      Adjusted net earnings margin                                   11.8%        11.5%         11.9%         11.9%        12.0%         12.0%        12.3%         11.9%
    Adjusted diluted EPS (in dollars)     2                           2.13          2.10         2.12          1.97         1.92          1.91          1.97         1.83
    Liquidity
    Cash provided by operating activities                            663.0         486.6        438.2         646.4         629.1        496.7         502.0         577.2
      As a percentage of revenue                                     16.5%        11.9%         10.9%         17.1%        17.2%         13.5%        13.4%         16.0%
    Days sales outstanding                                             45            43           40            38            41           42            40           41
    Capital structure
    Long-term debt and lease liabilities3                           4,331.3       4,244.1      4,367.9       3,400.2       3,308.4      3,045.6       3,028.9      3,001.1
    Net debt2                                                       3,451.4       3,115.8      3,237.4       1,569.8       1,819.8      1,854.0       1,730.5      1,843.7
    Net debt to capitalization ratio                                 25.1%        23.4%         24.1%         13.7%         16.2%        17.2%        16.4%         17.6%
    Return on invested capital                                       13.6%        14.6%         15.4%         16.2%         16.0%        16.1%        15.9%         15.9%
    Balance sheet
    Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term                        867.9        1,134.8      1,101.3       1,803.0       1,464.4      1,158.7       1,273.0      1,141.0
    investments
    Total assets                                                   19,521.8      19,191.2      18,723.4     17,924.0      16,685.5     15,793.9      15,737.4      15,513.5
    Long-term financial liabilities4                                3,486.1       4,226.7      4,245.8       3,252.1       3,176.9      2,389.5       2,363.1      2,319.4
1         Approximately $12.0 billion of our backlog as at September 30, 2025 is expected to be converted into revenue within the next twelve months, $10.5 billion
          within one to three years, $4.6 billion within three to five years and $4.4 billion in more than five years.
2         See Adjusted EBIT by Segment, Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Earnings per Share and Selected Measures of Capital Resources and Liquidity
          sections of each quarter's respective MD&A for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.
3         Long-term debt and lease liabilities include both the current and long-term portions of the long-term debt and lease liabilities.
4         Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt, long-term portion of lease liabilities and the long-term derivative financial instruments.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                                     Page     49
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
50 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis




There are factors causing quarterly variances which may not be reflective of the Company’s future performance. There is
seasonality in system integration and consulting work, and the quarterly performance of these operations is impacted by
occurrences such as vacations, calendar days and the number of statutory holidays in any given quarter. Managed IT and
business process services contracts are affected to a lesser extent by seasonality. Also, the workflow from some clients may
fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on their business cycle and the seasonality of their own operations. Further, the
savings that we generate for a client on a given managed IT and business process services contract may temporarily reduce
our revenue stream from this client, as these savings may not be immediately offset by additional work performed for this
client.

Cash flow from operating activities could vary significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of payments
received from clients, cash requirements associated with large acquisitions, managed IT and business process services
contracts and projects, the timing of the reimbursements for various tax credits, performance based compensation to
employees as well as the timing of severance payments related to the integration of our acquisitions, restructuring and our
Cost Optimization Program.

Foreign exchange fluctuations can also contribute to quarterly variances as our percentage of operations in foreign countries
evolves. The effect from these variances is primarily on our revenue and to a much lesser extent, on our margin as we benefit,
as much as possible, from natural hedges.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page   50
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 51
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




7. Changes in Accounting Policies
The audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 include all adjustments that
CGI’s management considers necessary for the fair presentation of its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD AMENDMENTS

The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2024:

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Information about long-term debt with covenants –
Amendments to IAS 1

In January 2020, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, clarifying that the classification of liabilities as
current or non-current is based on existing rights at the end of the reporting period, independent of whether the Company will
exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability. Subsequently, in October 2022, the IASB introduced additional amendments
to IAS 1, emphasizing that covenants for long-term debt, regardless whether the covenants were compliant after the reporting
date, should not affect debt classification; instead, companies are required to disclose information about these covenants in
the notes accompanying their financial statements.

Supplier Finance Arrangements - Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7

In May 2023, the IASB amended IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to introduce
new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency on supplier finance arrangements and their impact on the
Company’s liabilities, cash flows and liquidity exposure. The new disclosure requirements include information such as terms
and conditions, the carrying amount of liabilities, the range of payment due dates, non-cash changes and liquidity risk
information around supplier finance arrangements.

The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no impact on the Company's audited consolidated financial
statements.


ACCOUNTING STANDARD CLARIFICATIONS

International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”) Agenda Decision on Segment Reporting

In 2024, the IFRS Interpretations Committee issued an agenda decision clarifying disclosure requirements for reportable
segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments. The decision emphasizes the need to disclose certain specified items if these
are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) or are
otherwise regularly provided to the CODM, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss. Following its
evaluation of the IFRIC agenda decision, the Company has expanded its segment disclosures to reflect salaries, other
employee costs and contracted labour costs. The comparative financial information has been updated accordingly.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
The following standard amendments have been issued and will be effective as of October 1, 2026 for the Company, with
earlier application permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of these standard amendments may
have on its consolidated financial statements.

Classification and measurement of Financial Instruments – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
In May 2024, the IASB issued Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments, which amend
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures. The standard amendments clarify that a financial
liability is derecognized on the settlement date, specifically when the related obligation is discharged or cancelled or expires or
the liability otherwise qualified for derecognition. Furthermore, they clarify the treatment of non-recourse assets and
contractually linked instruments and they introduce additional disclosures for financial assets and liabilities with contractual
terms that reference a contingent event, and equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income.



© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page   51
52 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




The new requirements will be applied retrospectively. An entity is required to disclose information about financial assets that
change their measurement category due to the standard amendments.


The following standard has been issued by the IASB and will be effective as of October 1, 2027 for the Company, with earlier
application permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements.
IFRS 18 - Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
In April 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements which is set to replace IAS 1
Presentation of Financial Statements. The new IFRS accounting standard is aimed to improve comparability and transparency
of communication in financial statements. While a number of sections from IAS 1 have been brought forward to IFRS 18, the
standard introduces new requirements on presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and
subtotals. It also requires disclosure of management-defined financial performance measures used in public communications
outside financial statements and includes new requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of financial information based
on the identified roles of the primary financial statements and the notes. Retrospective application is required in both annual
and interim financial statements.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page    52
                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 53
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




8. Critical Accounting Estimates
The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in note 3 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the
years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024. Certain of these accounting policies, listed below, require management to make
accounting estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and equity and the accompanying
disclosures at the date of the audited consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. These accounting estimates are considered critical because they require management
to make subjective and/or complex judgements that are inherently uncertain and because they could have a material impact
on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations.

                                               Consolidated
    Areas impacted by estimates                  balance                                   Consolidated statements of earnings
                                                 sheets

                                                                                        Cost of           Amortization
                                                                                       services,                              Net finance           Income
                                                                     Revenue                                  and
                                                                                      selling and                               costs                taxes
                                                                                                          depreciation
                                                                                     administrative

    Revenue recognition1                              ✓                   ✓                  ✓
    Goodwill impairment                               ✓                                                         ✓
    Right-of-use assets and lease
    liabilities                                       ✓                                                         ✓                   ✓
    Business combinations                             ✓                   ✓                  ✓                  ✓                                         ✓
    Income taxes                                      ✓                                                                                                   ✓
    Litigation and claims                             ✓                   ✓                  ✓
1        Affects the balance sheet through trade accounts receivable, work in progress, provision on revenue-generating contracts and deferred revenue.

Revenue recognition

Relative stand-alone selling price

If an arrangement involves the provision of multiple performance obligations, the total arrangement value is allocated to each
performance obligation based on its relative stand-alone selling price. At least on a yearly basis, the Company reviews its best
estimate of the stand-alone selling price which is established by using a reasonable range of prices for the various services
and solutions offered by the Company based on local market information available. Information used in determining the range
is mainly based on recent contracts signed and the economic environment. A change in the range could have a material
impact on the allocation of total arrangement value, and therefore on the amount and timing of revenue recognition.

Business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed fee arrangements

Revenue from business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements is
recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over time, as the Company has no alternative use for the asset
created and has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The Company primarily uses labour costs
to measure the progress towards completion. Project managers monitor and re-evaluate project forecasts on a monthly basis.
Forecasts are reviewed to consider factors such as: delays in reaching milestones and complexities in the project delivery.
Forecasts can also be affected by market risks such as the availability and retention of qualified IT professionals and/or the
ability of the subcontractors to perform their obligations within agreed budget and time frames. To the extent that actual labour
costs could vary from estimates, adjustments to revenue following the review of the costs to complete on projects are reflected
in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision occur. Whenever the total costs are forecasted to be higher than
the total revenue, a provision on revenue-generating contract is recorded.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                           Page   53
54 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




Goodwill impairment

The carrying value of goodwill is tested for impairment annually or if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may be impaired. In order to determine if a goodwill impairment test is required, management reviews different
factors on a quarterly basis, such as changes in technological or market environment, changes in assumptions used to derive
the weighted average cost of capital and actual financial performance compared to planned performance.

The recoverable amount of each operating segment has been determined based on its value in use calculation, which includes
estimates about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management. However, factors such as
our ability to continue developing and expanding services offered to address emerging business demands and technology
trends, a lengthened sales cycle and our ability to hire and retain qualified IT professionals affect future cash flows, and actual
results might differ from future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment test. Key assumptions used in goodwill impairment
testing are presented in note 12 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and
2024. Historically, the Company has not recorded an impairment charge on goodwill.

Right-of-use assets

Estimates of the lease term

The Company estimates the lease term in order to calculate the value of the lease liability at the initial date of the lease.
Management uses judgement to determine the appropriate lease term based on the conditions of each lease. Lease extension
or termination options are only considered in the lease term if it is reasonably certain of being exercised. Factors evaluated
include value of leasehold improvements required and any potential incentive to take the option.

Discount rate for leases

The discount rate is used to determine the initial carrying amount of the lease liabilities and the right-of-use assets. The
Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each lease or portfolio of leased assets, as most of the implicit interest
rates in the leases are not readily determinable. To calculate the incremental borrowing rate, the Company considers its credit
worthiness, the term of the arrangement, any collateral received and the economic environment at the lease date. Lease
liabilities are remeasured (along with the corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset), whenever the following situations
occur:

      –    a modification in the lease term or a change in the assessment of an option to extend, purchase or terminate the
           lease, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
           rate; and

      –    a modification in the residual guarantees or in future lease payments due to a change of an index or rate tied to the
           payments, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial
           discount rate determined when setting up the liability.

In addition, upon partial or full termination of a lease, the difference between the carrying amounts of the lease liability and the
right-of-use asset is recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.

Business combinations

Management makes assumptions when determining the acquisition-date fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed which involve estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows, discount rates
and the useful lives of the assets acquired.
Additionally, management's judgement is required in determining whether an intangible asset is identifiable and should be
recorded separately from goodwill.
Changes in the above assumptions, estimates and judgements could affect our acquisition-date fair values and therefore could
have material impacts on our audited consolidated financial statements. These changes are recorded as part of the purchase
price allocation and therefore result in corresponding goodwill adjustments if they occurred during the measurement period,
which does not exceed one year. All other subsequent changes are recorded in our consolidated statement of earnings.



© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   54
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 55
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




Income taxes

Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
that taxable profit will be available for their utilization. The Company considers the analysis of forecast and future tax planning
strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are reviewed each reporting period and updated, based on the forecast by jurisdiction on
an undiscounted basis. Due to the uncertainty and the variability of the factors mentioned above, deferred tax assets are
subject to change. Management reviews its assumptions on a quarterly basis and adjusts the deferred tax assets when
appropriate.

The Company is subject to income tax laws in numerous jurisdictions. Judgement is required in determining the worldwide
provision for income taxes as the determination of tax liabilities and assets involves uncertainties in the interpretation of
complex tax regulations and requires estimates and assumptions considering the existing facts and circumstances. The
Company provides for potential tax liabilities based on the most likely amount of the possible outcomes. Estimates are
reviewed each reporting period and updated, based on new information available, and could result in changes to the income
tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities in the period in which such determinations are made.

Litigation and claims

Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The accrued litigation and legal claim provisions are based on historical
experience, current trends and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates
include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable
outcome. Management reviews assumptions and facts surrounding outstanding litigation and claims on a quarterly basis,
involves external counsel when necessary and adjusts such provisions accordingly. The Company has to be compliant with
applicable law in many jurisdictions which increases the complexity of determining the adequate provision following a litigation
review. Since the outcome of such litigation and claims is not predictable with assurance, those provisions are subject to
change. Adjustments to litigation and claims provisions are reflected in the period when the facts that give rise to an
adjustment occur.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page   55
56 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




9. Integrity of Disclosure
The Board of Directors has the responsibility under its charter and under the securities laws that govern CGI’s continuous
disclosure obligations to oversee CGI's compliance with its continuous and timely disclosure obligations, as well as the
integrity of the Company's internal controls and management information systems. The Board of Directors carries out this
responsibility mainly through its Audit and Risk Management Committee.

CGI's Audit and Risk Management Committee is composed entirely of independent directors who meet the independence and
experience requirements of National Instrument 52-110 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators as well as those of
the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The role and responsibilities
of the Audit and Risk Management Committee include: (i) reviewing public disclosure documents containing financial
information concerning CGI; (ii) identifying and examining material financial and operating risks to which the Company is
exposed, reviewing the various policies and practices of the Company that are intended to manage those risks, and reporting
on a regular basis to the Board of Directors concerning risk management; (iii) reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of
CGI’s accounting policies and practices concerning financial reporting; (iv) reviewing and monitoring CGI’s internal control
procedures, programs and policies and assessing their adequacy and effectiveness; (v) reviewing the adequacy of CGI’s
internal audit resources including the mandate and objectives of the internal auditor; (vi) recommending to the Board of
Directors the appointment of the external auditor, assessing the external auditor’s independence, reviewing the terms of their
engagement, conducting an annual auditor's performance assessment, and pursuing ongoing discussions with them; (vii)
reviewing related party transactions in accordance with the rules of the NYSE and other applicable laws and regulations; (viii)
reviewing the audit procedures including the proposed scope of the external auditor's examinations; and (ix) performing such
other functions as are usually attributed to audit committees or as directed by the Board of Directors. In making its
recommendation to the Board of Directors in relation to the annual appointment of the external auditor, the Audit and Risk
Management Committee conducts an annual assessment of the external auditor's performance following the
recommendations of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada. The formal assessment is concluded in advance of
the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and is conducted with the assistance of key CGI employees.

The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance
that material information relating to the Company is made known to the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
by others, particularly during the period in which annual and interim filings are prepared, and that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in its annual filings, interim filings or other reports filed or submitted by the Company under
Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under
those laws and the related rules. As at September 30, 2025, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures as defined under National Instrument 52-109 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and
in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as at September 30, 2025.

The Company has also established and maintains internal control over financial reporting, as defined under National
Instrument 52-109 and in Rule 13(a)-15(f) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, and effected by management and other key CGI employees, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with IFRS Accounting Standards. However, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls over
financial reporting as at September 30, 2025, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013). Based on that evaluation,
management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer as well as the Chief Financial
Officer concluded that the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting was effective as at September 30, 2025.


© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page     56
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 57




The Company’s assessment and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting excludes the
controls, policies and procedures of Apside-Advance SAS (Apside), the control of which was acquired on August 28, 2025. The
scope limitation is in accordance with section 3.3(1)(b) of National Instrument 52-109, which allows an issuer to limit the design
of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to exclude controls, policies, and procedures
of a business that the issuer acquired not more than 365 days before the end of the financial period in question. Apside's
aggregated results since the acquisition represented approximately 0.2% of the revenue for the year ended September 30,
2025, and constituted approximately 1.8% of total assets as at September 30, 2025.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page   57
58 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




10. Risk Environment
10.1. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
While we are confident about our long-term prospects, a number of risks and uncertainties could affect our ability to achieve
our strategic vision and objectives for growth. The following risks and uncertainties should be considered when evaluating our
potential as an investment.

10.1.1. External Risks
We may be adversely affected by volatile, negative or uncertain economic and political conditions and the effects of these
conditions on our clients’ businesses and levels of activity.

Economic and political conditions in the markets in which we operate have a bearing upon the results of our operations,
directly and through their effect on the level of business activity of our clients. We can neither predict the impact that current
economic and political conditions will have on our future revenue, nor predict changes in economic conditions or future political
uncertainty. The level of activity of our clients and potential clients may be affected by an economic downturn or political
uncertainty. Clients may cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts and delay entering into new engagements and may decide
to undertake fewer IT systems projects resulting in limited implementation of new technology and smaller engagements. Since
there may be fewer engagements, competition may increase and pricing for services may decline as competitors may
decrease rates to maintain or increase their market share in our industry and this may trigger pricing adjustments related to the
benchmarking obligations within our contracts. Economic downturns and political uncertainty make it more difficult to meet
business objectives and may divert management’s attention and time from operating and growing our business. Our business,
results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected as a result of these factors.

We may be adversely affected by additional external risks, such as terrorism, armed conflict, labour or social unrest, inflation,
tariffs and/or trade wars, rising energy and commodity costs, recession, criminal activity, hostilities, disease, illness or health
emergencies, natural disasters and climate change and the effects of these conditions on our clients, our business and on
market volatility.

Additional external risks that could adversely impact the markets in which we operate, our industry and our business include
terrorism, armed conflict, labour or social unrest, inflation, tariffs and/or trade wars, recession, criminal activity, regional and
international hostilities and international responses to these hostilities, and disease, illness or health emergencies that affect
local, national or international economies. Additionally, the potential impacts of climate change are unpredictable and natural
disasters, sea-level rise, floods, droughts or other weather-related events present additional external risks, as they could
disrupt our internal operations or the operations of our clients, impact our employee's health and safety and increase insurance
and other operating costs. Climate change risks can arise from physical risks (risks related to the physical effects of climate
change), transition risks (risks related to regulatory, legal, technological and market changes), as well as reputational risks
related to our management of climate-related issues and our level of disclosure related to such matters (see Our inability to
meet regulatory requirements and/or stakeholders expectations of disclosure, management and implementation of ESG
initiatives and standards, could have a material adverse effect on our business). Climate change risk, and/or any of these
additional external risks, may affect us or affect the financial viability of our clients leading to a reduction of demand and loss of
business from such clients. Each of these risks could negatively impact our business, results of operation and financial
condition.

As a result of external risks, inflation, tariffs and/or trade wars, and rising energy and commodity costs, global equity and
capital markets may experience significant volatility and weakness. Tariffs and/or trade wars, if widespread and prolonged, can
lead to volatility in capital markets and slower economic growth. The duration and impact of these events are unknown at this
time, nor is the impact on our operations and the market for our securities.

Prolonged periods of inflation could increase our costs and impact our profitability, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial condition.



© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page    58
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 59
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




High levels of inflation may subject us to significant cost pressures and lead to market volatility. As a result, governments may
adopt initiatives to combat inflation (for example, raising benchmark interest rates), thus increasing our cost of borrowing and
decreasing the liquidity of capital markets. Our clients may have difficulty budgeting for external IT services or delay their
payment for services provided. High inflation can lead to increased costs of labour and our employee compensation expenses.
The heightened economic uncertainty driven by tariffs, the threat of tariffs, and changing government policies, could reignite
inflationary pressures, impact central bank policy, and raise recessionary risks. If our costs were to become subject to
significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases, and there is no
assurance that our revenues will increase at the same rate to maintain the same level of profitability. Our inability or failure to
do so could harm our business and financial condition.

The imposition of tariffs and retaliatory measures between governments may cause multifaceted effects on the economies in
which we operate, including, but not limited to, supply chain disruptions, economic downturn, inflationary pressures, and
uncertainty in capital markets. Failure to mitigate the negative effects of tariffs and/or trade wars on our business could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Pandemics may cause disruptions in our operations and the operations of our clients (which may lead to increased risk and
frequency of cybersecurity incidents), market volatility and economic disruption, which could adversely affect us.

A pandemic can create significant volatility and uncertainty and economic disruption and can pose the risk that our employees,
clients, contractors and business partners may be prevented from, or restricted in, conducting business activities for an
indefinite period, including due to the transmission of the disease or to emergency measures or restrictions that may be
requested or mandated by governmental authorities. A pandemic may also result in governments worldwide enacting
emergency preventive measures, such as the implementation of border closures, travel bans or restrictions, lock-downs,
quarantine periods, vaccine mandates or passports, social distancing, testing requirements, stay-at-home and work-from-
home policies and the temporary closure of non-essential businesses. These emergency measures and restrictions, and future
measures and restrictions taken in response to a pandemic may cause material disruptions to businesses globally and have
an adverse impact on global economic conditions and consumer confidence and spending, which could materially adversely
affect our business.

Additionally, the onset of a pandemic may affect the financial viability of our clients, and could cause them to exit certain
business lines, or change the terms on which they are willing to purchase services and solutions. Clients may also slow down
decision-making, delay planned work, seek to terminate existing agreements, not renew existing agreements or be unable to
pay us in accordance with the terms of existing agreements.

As a result of increased remote working arrangements due to a pandemic, the exposure to, and reliance on, networked
systems and the internet can increase. This can lead to increased risk and frequency of cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity
incidents can result from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by insiders or third parties, including cybercriminals,
competitors, nation-states, and hacktivists. Any of these events could cause or contribute to risk and uncertainty and could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

As a result of a pandemic, global equity and capital markets can experience significant volatility and weakness, leading
governments and central banks to react with significant monetary and fiscal interventions designed to stabilize economic
conditions.

It is not possible to reliably estimate the length and severity of a pandemic or any impact on our financial results, share price
and financial condition in future periods. There can be no assurance that our actions taken in response to a pandemic will
succeed in preventing or mitigating any negative impacts on our Company, employees, clients, contractors and business
partners.

As a foreign private issuer who files using the multijurisdictional disclosure system (MJDS), we are subject to different U.S.
securities laws and rules, which could limit our level of disclosure to investors.

We are a “foreign private issuer” for purposes of U.S. securities laws who files disclosure documents using the
multijurisdictional disclosure system (MJDS) and, as a result, are not subject to the same requirements that are imposed upon
U.S. domestic issuers by the SEC. In particular, we are exempt from the rules and regulations under the U.S. securities laws

© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page    59
60 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




related to the furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt
from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the “Exchange Act”). We also are exempt from the provisions of Regulation FD under the Exchange Act, which in certain
circumstances prohibits the selective disclosure of material non-public information, although we generally attempt to comply
with Regulation FD. These exemptions and leniencies may reduce the frequency and scope of information that we disclose
relative to the information generally provided by U.S. domestic companies.

It may be difficult to enforce civil liabilities under U.S. securities laws.

The Company is governed by the Business Corporations Act (Quebec) and with its principal place of business in Canada. The
enforcement by investors of civil liabilities under U.S. securities laws may be affected adversely by the fact that we are
organized under the laws of Canada, that some or all of our officers and directors may be residents of a foreign country, and
that a substantial portion of our assets and those of said persons may be located outside the United States.

10.1.2. Risks Related to our Industry
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive.

CGI operates in a global marketplace in which competition among providers of IT services is vigorous. Some of our
competitors possess greater financial, marketing and sales resources, and larger geographic scope in certain parts of the
world than we do, which, in turn, provides them with additional leverage in the competition for contracts. In certain niche,
regional or metropolitan markets, we face smaller competitors with specialized capabilities who may be able to provide
competing services with greater economic efficiency. Some of our competitors have more significant operations than we do in
lower cost countries that can serve as a platform from which to provide services worldwide on terms that may be more
favourable. Increased competition among IT services firms often results in corresponding pressure on prices. There can be no
assurance that we will succeed in providing competitively priced services at levels of service and quality that will enable us to
maintain and grow our market share.

We derive significant revenue from contracts awarded through competitive bidding processes, which limit the Company's
ability to negotiate certain contractual terms and conditions. Risks related to competitive bidding processes also involve
substantial cost and managerial time and effort spent by the Company to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may or
may not be awarded to the Company, as well as expenses and delays that may arise if the Company's competitors protest or
challenge awards made to the Company pursuant to competitive bidding processes.

Even when a contract is awarded to the Company following a competitive bidding process, we may fail to accurately estimate
the resources and costs required to fulfill the contract.

We may not be able to continue developing and expanding service offerings to address emerging business demands and
technology trends.

The rapid pace of change in all aspects of IT and the continually declining costs of acquiring and maintaining IT infrastructure
mean that we must anticipate changes in our clients’ needs. To do so, we must adapt our services and our solutions so that we
maintain and improve our competitive advantage and remain able to provide cost effective services and solutions. Offerings
relating to digital, cloud and security services are examples of areas that are continually evolving, as well as changes and
developments in artificial intelligence (including agentic AI, generative AI, as well as automation and machine learning) (AI).
The markets in which we operate are extremely competitive and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing
and adapting our business in a timely manner nor that we will be able to penetrate new markets successfully. If we do not keep
pace with meeting the evolving needs of clients, including in the emerging field of AI, our ability to retain existing clients and
gain new business may be adversely affected. As we expand our offerings of services and solutions, and as we expand such
offerings into new markets, we may be exposed to operational, legal, regulatory, ethical, technological and other risks specific
to such expanded services and solutions and such new markets. These factors may result in pressure on our revenue, net
earnings and resulting cash flow from operations.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page   60
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 61
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




We may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others.

Despite our efforts, the steps we take to ensure that our services and offerings do not infringe on the intellectual property rights
of third parties may not be adequate to prevent infringement and, as a result, claims may be asserted against us or our clients.
We enter into licensing agreements for the right to use intellectual property and may otherwise offer indemnities against liability
and damages arising from third-party claims of patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret infringement in respect of our own
intellectual property or software or other solutions developed for our clients. In some instances, the amount of these indemnity
claims could be greater than the revenue we receive from the client (see Indemnity provisions and guarantees in various
agreements to which we are party may require us to compensate our counterparties). Intellectual property claims or litigation
could be time-consuming and costly, harm our reputation, require us to enter into additional royalty or licensing arrangements,
or prevent us from providing some solutions or services. Any limitation on our ability to sell or use solutions or services that
incorporate software or technologies that are the subject of a claim could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities or
require us to incur additional expenses to modify solutions for future projects.

We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies, processes, know-how, tools, techniques
and other intellectual property that we use to provide our services. Although CGI takes reasonable steps (e.g. available
copyright protection and, in some cases, patent protection) to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights, there is no
assurance that such measures will be enforceable or adequate. The cost of enforcing our rights, or our inability to protect
against infringement or unauthorized copying or use, can be substantial and, in certain cases, may prove to be uneconomic. In
addition, the laws of some countries in which we conduct business may offer only limited intellectual property rights protection.
Despite our efforts, the steps taken to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or
other misappropriation of intellectual property, and we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property,
or take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights.

We face risks associated with benchmarking provisions within certain contracts.

Some of our managed IT and business process services contracts contain clauses allowing our clients to externally
benchmark the pricing of agreed upon services against those offered by other providers in a peer comparison group. The
uniqueness of the client environment should be factored in and, if results indicate a difference outside the agreed upon
tolerance, we may be required to work with clients to reset the pricing for their services. There can be no assurance that
benchmarks will produce accurate or reliable data, including pricing data. This may result in pressure on our revenue, net
earnings and resulting cash flow from operations.


10.1.3. Risks Related to our Business

We may not be able to successfully implement and manage our growth strategy.

CGI’s Build and Buy profitable growth strategy is founded on four pillars of growth: first, profitable organic growth through
contract wins, renewals and extensions with new and existing clients in our targeted industries; second, the pursuit of new
large long-term managed IT and business process services contracts; third, metro market acquisitions; and fourth, large
transformational acquisitions.

Our ability to achieve organic growth is affected by a number of factors outside of our control, including a lengthening of our
sales cycle for major managed IT and business process services contracts.

Our ability to grow through metro market and transformational acquisitions requires that we identify suitable acquisition targets
that we correctly evaluate their potential as transactions that will meet our financial and operational objectives, and that we
successfully integrate them into our business. There can, however, be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable
acquisition targets and consummate additional acquisitions that meet our economic thresholds, or that future acquisitions will
be successfully integrated into our operations and yield the tangible accretive value that had been expected. If we are unable
to implement our Build and Buy profitable growth strategy, we will likely be unable to maintain our historic or expected growth
rates.

© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page   61
62 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




Our use of AI and machine learning may present additional risks, including risks associated with the use of AI algorithms and
tools, the data sets used to train AI-powered models, the content produced by AI and the complex, developing regulatory
environment.

We are making investments in expanding the AI capabilities available in our services and solutions, including the ongoing
deployment and improvement of existing machine learning and AI technologies. AI tools and algorithms may rely on third-party
AI with unclear intellectual property rights or interests. Intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, of
generative and other AI output, have not been fully interpreted by courts or lawmakers, and we cannot predict how future
interpretations may impact our business. Certain jurisdictions have enacted, or are considering the enactment, of
comprehensive legal compliance frameworks specifically related to AI. Any failure or perceived failure by us, our service
providers or our clients to comply with such requirements, if applicable, could have an adverse impact on our business.
Additionally, agentic AI, generative AI, or other AI decisions or output that are based (partially or solely) on automated
processing or profiling, inappropriate or controversial data practices, or insufficient disclosures regarding agentic AI, generative
AI, or other AI-generated content, may: undermine the decisions, predictions, analysis or solutions AI tools produce; lead to
unintentional bias or discrimination; or impair the acceptance of AI solutions, subjecting us to legal liability, regulatory
investigations, or competitive, reputational or other harm, which may negatively impact the value of our business, our
intellectual property and our brand. The rapid evolution of AI and machine learning may require us to allocate additional
resources to help implement AI and machine learning in a responsible and ethical way, in order to minimize unintended or
harmful impacts, and may also require us to make investments in the development of proprietary datasets, machine learning
models or other systems, which could be costly and negatively impact our profitability.

We may experience fluctuations in our financial results, making it difficult to predict future results.

Our ability to maintain and increase our revenue is affected not only by our success in implementing our Build and Buy
profitable growth strategy, but also by a number of other factors, which could cause the Company's financial results to
fluctuate. These factors include: (i) our ability to introduce and deliver new services and business solutions; (ii) our potential
exposure to a lengthened sales cycle; (iii) the cyclicality of the purchases of our technology services and solutions; (iv) the
nature of our client’s business (for example, if a client encounters financial difficulty (including as a result of external risks such
as climate change or a pandemic), it may be forced to cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts with us); and (v) the structure
of our agreements with clients (for example, some of CGI's agreements with clients contain clauses allowing the clients to
benchmark the pricing of services provided by CGI against the prices offered by other providers). These, and other factors,
make it difficult to predict financial results for any given period.

Our revenues may be exposed to fluctuations based on our business mix.

The proportion of revenue that we generate from shorter-term system integration and consulting projects (SI&C), versus
revenue from long-term managed IT and business process services contracts, will fluctuate at times, affected by acquisitions
or other transactions. An increased exposure to revenue from SI&C projects may result in greater quarterly revenue variations,
as the revenue from SI&C projects does not provide long-term consistency in revenue.

Our current operations are international in scope, subjecting us to a variety of financial, regulatory, cultural, political and social
challenges.

We manage operations in numerous countries around the world including offshore delivery centers. The scope of our
operations (including our offshore delivery centers) subjects us to issues that can negatively impact our operations, including:
(i) currency fluctuations (see We may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations); (ii) the burden of complying with a wide
variety of national and local laws (see Changes in the laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which we operate may
have a material adverse effect on our global business operations and profitability); (iii) the differences in and uncertainties
arising from local business culture and practices; (iv) and political, social and economic instability. Any or all of these risks
could impact our global business operations and cause our revenue and/or profitability to decline.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                Page   62
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 63
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




We may be unable to integrate new operations, which could impact our ability to achieve our growth and profitability
objectives.

The realization of anticipated benefits from mergers, acquisitions and related activities depends, in part, upon our ability to
integrate the acquired business, the realization of synergies, efficient consolidation of the operations of the acquired
businesses into our existing operations, cost management to avoid duplication, information systems integration, staff
reorganization, establishment of controls, procedures and policies, performance of the management team and other
employees of the acquired operations as well as cultural alignment.

The successful integration of new operations arising from our acquisition strategy or from large managed IT and business
process services contracts requires that a substantial amount of management time and attention be focused on integration
tasks. Management time that is devoted to integration activities may detract from management’s normal operations focus with
resulting pressure on the revenues and earnings from our existing operations. In addition, we may face complex and
potentially time-consuming challenges in implementing uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across new
operations when harmonizing their activities with those of our existing business units. Integration activities can result in
unanticipated operational problems, expenses and liabilities.

Following an acquisition closing date, we may remain reliant on a target’s employees, good faith, expertise, historical
performance, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information and judgment in providing any transitional
services. Accordingly, we may continue to be exposed to adverse developments in the business and affairs of parties with
whom we contract.

If we are not successful in executing our integration strategies in a timely and cost-effective manner, we will have difficulty
achieving our growth and profitability objectives.

If we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our size, we may not be able to achieve our growth
and profitability objectives.

Our culture, standards, core values, internal controls and our policies need to be instilled across newly acquired businesses as
well as maintained within our existing operations. To effectively communicate and manage these standards throughout a large
global organization is both challenging and time consuming. Newly acquired businesses may be resistant to change and may
remain attached to past methods, standards and practices which may compromise our business agility in pursuing
opportunities. Cultural differences in various countries may also present barriers to introducing new ideas or aligning our vision
and strategy with the rest of the organization. If we cannot overcome these obstacles in maintaining a strategic bond
throughout the Company worldwide, we may not be able to achieve our growth and profitability objectives.

Material developments regarding our major commercial clients resulting from mergers or business acquisitions could impair
our future prospects and growth strategy.

Consolidation among our clients resulting from mergers and acquisitions may result in loss or reduction of business when the
successor business’ IT needs are served by another service provider or are provided by the successor company’s own
employees. Growth in a client’s IT needs resulting from acquisitions or operations may mean that we no longer have a
sufficient geographic scope or the critical mass to serve the client’s needs efficiently, resulting in the loss of the client’s
business and impairing our future prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the objectives of our
growth strategy in order to maintain and increase our geographic scope and critical mass in our targeted markets.

Legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation.

During the ordinary course of conducting our business, we may be threatened with, and/or become subject or a party to, a
variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time. These legal proceedings may involve current and
former employees, clients, partners, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others
through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation.
Regardless of the merits of the claims, the cost to defend current and future litigation may be significant, and such matters can
be time-consuming and divert management’s attention and resources. The results of litigation, claims and other legal
proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result


© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page   63
64 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




in materially adverse monetary damages, fines, penalties or injunctive relief against us. While we maintain insurance for
certain liabilities, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be sufficient in type or amount to cover the costs,
damages, liabilities or losses that can result from these litigations or claims.

Changes in our tax levels, as well as reviews, audits, investigations and tax proceedings or changes in tax laws or in their
interpretation or enforcement, could have a material adverse effect on our net income or cash flow.

In estimating our income tax payable, management uses accounting principles to determine income tax positions that are likely
to be sustained by applicable tax authorities. However, there is no assurance that our tax benefits or tax liability will not
materially differ from our estimates or expectations. The tax legislation, regulation and interpretation that apply to our
operations are continually changing. In addition, future tax benefits and liabilities are dependent on factors that are inherently
uncertain and subject to change, including future earnings, future tax rates, and anticipated business mix in the various
jurisdictions in which we operate. Moreover, our tax returns are continually subject to review by applicable tax authorities and
we are subject to ongoing audits, investigations and tax proceedings in various jurisdictions. These tax authorities determine
the actual amounts of taxes payable or receivable, of any future tax benefits or liabilities and of income tax expense that we
may ultimately recognize. Tax authorities have disagreed and may in the future disagree with our income tax positions and are
taking increasingly aggressive positions in respect of income tax positions, including with respect to intercompany
transactions.

Our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by challenges to intercompany transactions, changes in the
value of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax law or in their interpretation or enforcement, changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the expiration of tax benefits and changes in accounting principles,
including the introduction of the Pillar Two model rules designed to ensure large multinational corporations pay a minimum
level of tax on income arising in each jurisdiction they operate. Tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change
as a result of shifting economic conditions and tax policies.

A number of countries in which the Company does business have implemented, or are considering implementing, changes in
relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations and the overall tax environment has made it
increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions.

Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our net income or cash flow by affecting our operations and
profitability, our effective tax rate, the availability of tax credits, the cost of the services we provide, and the availability of
deductions for operating losses.

Reductions, eliminations or amendments to government sponsored programs from which we currently benefit may have a
material adverse effect on our net earnings or cash flow.

We benefit from government sponsored programs designed to support research and development, labour and economic
growth in jurisdictions where we operate. Government programs reflect government policies and depend on various political
and economic factors. There can be no assurance that such government programs will continue to be available to the
Company in the future, or will not be reduced, amended or eliminated. Any future government program reductions or
eliminations or other amendments to the tax credit programs could increase operating or capital expenditures incurred by the
Company and have a material adverse effect on its net earnings or cash flow.

We are exposed to credit risks with respect to accounts receivable and work in progress.

In order to sustain our cash flow from operations, we must invoice and collect the amounts owed to us in an efficient and timely
manner. Although we maintain provisions to account for anticipated shortfalls in amounts collected from clients, the provisions
we take are based on management estimates and on our assessment of our clients’ creditworthiness which may prove to be
inadequate in the light of actual results. To the extent that we fail to perform our services in accordance with our contracts and
our clients’ reasonable expectations, and to the extent that we fail to invoice clients and to collect the amounts owed to the
Company for our services correctly in a timely manner, our collections could suffer, which could materially adversely affect our
revenue, net earnings and cash flow. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn may cause clients to curtail or defer projects,




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page     64
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 65
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




impair their ability to pay for services already provided, and ultimately cause them to default on existing contracts, in each
case, causing a shortfall in revenue and impairing our future prospects.

We face risks associated with early termination, modification, delay or suspension of our contractual agreements, and our
bookings and backlog may not be indicative of future revenues.

The early termination, modification, delay, or suspension of our contractual agreements may have a material adverse effect on
future revenues and profitability. If we should fail to deliver our services according to contractual agreements, some of our
clients could elect to terminate, modify, delay or suspend contracts before their agreed expiry date, which would result in a
reduction of our revenues and/or earnings and cash flow and may impact the value of our bookings and backlog. In addition, a
number of our managed IT and business process services contractual agreements have termination for convenience and
change of control clauses according to which a change in the client’s intentions or a change in control of CGI could lead to a
termination of these agreements. Early contract termination can also result from the exercise of a legal right or when
circumstances that are beyond our control or beyond the control of our client prevent the contract from continuing. In cases of
early termination, we may not be able to recover capitalized contract costs and we may not be able to eliminate ongoing costs
incurred to support the contract.

We may not be able to successfully estimate the cost, timing and resources required to fulfill our contracts, which could have a
material adverse effect on our net earnings.

In order to generate acceptable margins, our pricing for services is dependent on our ability to accurately estimate the costs
and timing for completing projects or long-term managed IT and business process services contracts, which can be based on
a client's bid specification, sometimes in advance of the final determination of the full scope and design of the contract. In
addition, a significant portion of our project-oriented contracts are performed on a fixed-price basis. Billing for fixed-price
engagements is carried out in accordance with the contract terms agreed upon with our client, and revenue is recognized
based on the percentage of effort incurred to date in relation to the total estimated efforts to be incurred over the duration of
the respective contract. These estimates reflect our best judgement regarding the efficiencies of our methodologies and
professionals as we plan to apply them to the contracts in accordance with the CGI Client Partnership Management
Framework (CPMF), a framework that contains high standards of contract management to be applied throughout the
Company. If we fail to apply the CPMF correctly or if we are unsuccessful in accurately estimating the time or resources
required to fulfill our obligations under a contract, or if unexpected factors, including those outside of our control (such as
labour shortages, supply chain or manufacturing disruptions, inflation, tariffs and/or trade wars and other external risk factors),
arise, there may be an impact on costs or the delivery schedule which could have a material adverse effect on our expected
net earnings.

We rely on relationships with other providers in order to generate business and fulfill certain of our contracts; if we fail to
maintain our relationships with these providers, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be
materially adversely affected.

We derive revenue from contracts where we enter into teaming agreements with other providers. In some teaming agreements
we are the prime contractor whereas in others we act as a subcontractor. In both cases, we rely on our relationships with other
providers to generate business and we expect to continue to do so in the foreseeable future. Where we act as prime
contractor, if we fail to maintain our relationships with other providers, we may have difficulty attracting suitable participants in
our teaming agreements. Similarly, where we act as subcontractor, if our relationships are impaired, other providers might
reduce the work they award to us, award that work to our competitors, or choose to offer the services directly to the client in
order to compete with our business. In either case, if we fail to maintain our relationship with these providers or if our
relationship with these providers is otherwise impaired, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could
be materially adversely affected.

Our profitability may be adversely affected if our partners are unable to deliver on their commitments.

Increasingly large and complex contracts may require that we rely on third party subcontractors including software and
hardware vendors to help us fulfill our commitments. Under such circumstances, our success depends on the ability of the


© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   65
66 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




third parties to perform their obligations within agreed upon budgets and timeframes. If our partners fail to deliver, our ability to
complete the contract may be adversely affected, which could have an unfavourable impact on our profitability.

Indemnity provisions and guarantees in various agreements to which we are party may require us to compensate our
counterparties.

In the normal course of business, we enter into agreements that may provide for indemnification and guarantees to
counterparties in transactions such as consulting and managed IT and business process services, business divestitures, lease
agreements and financial obligations. These indemnification undertakings and guarantees may require us to compensate
counterparties for costs and losses incurred as a result of various events, including breaches of representations and
warranties, intellectual property right infringement, claims that may arise while providing services or as a result of litigation that
may be suffered by counterparties. If we are required to compensate counterparties due to such arrangements and our
insurance does not provide adequate coverage, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected.

We may not be able to hire or retain enough qualified IT professionals to support our operations.

There is strong demand for qualified individuals in the IT industry. Hiring and retaining a sufficient number of individuals with
the desired knowledge and skill set may be difficult. Therefore, it is important that we remain able to successfully attract and
retain highly qualified professionals and establish an effective succession plan. If our comprehensive programs aimed at
attracting and retaining qualified and dedicated professionals do not ensure that we have staff in sufficient numbers and with
the appropriate training, expertise and suitable government security clearances required to serve the needs of our clients, we
may have to rely on subcontractors or transfers of staff to fill resulting gaps. If our succession plan fails to identify those with
potential or to develop these key individuals, we may be unable to replace key employees who retire or leave the Company
and may be required to recruit and/or train new employees. This might result in lost revenue or increased costs, thereby
putting pressure on our net earnings.

If we fail to retain our key employees and management, our business could be adversely affected.

The success of our business, in part, depends on the continued employment of certain key employees and senior
management. This dependence is important to our business being that personal relationships are fundamental in obtaining
and maintaining client engagements. While our Board of Directors annually reviews our succession plan, if we fail to establish
an effective succession plan, or if key employees or senior management were unable or unwilling to continue employment, our
business could be adversely affected until qualified replacements are retained.

We may be unable to maintain our human resources utilization rates.

In order to maintain our net earnings, it is important that we maintain the appropriate availability of professional resources in
each of our geographies by having a high utilization rate while still being able to assign additional resources to new work.
Maintaining an efficient utilization rate requires us to forecast our need for professional resources accurately and to manage
recruitment activities, professional training programs, attrition rates and restructuring programs appropriately. To the extent that
we fail to do so, or to the extent that laws and regulations restrict our ability to do so, our utilization rates may be reduced;
thereby having an impact on our revenue and profitability. Conversely, we may find that we do not have sufficient resources to
deploy against new business opportunities in which case our ability to grow our revenue would suffer.

If the business awarded to us by various U.S. federal government departments and agencies is limited, reduced or eliminated,
our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the services we provide to various U.S. federal government departments
and agencies. We expect that this will continue for the foreseeable future. There can be, however, no assurance that each
such U.S. federal government department and agency will continue to utilize our services to the same extent, or at all in the
future. In the event that a major U.S. federal government department or agency were to limit, reduce, or eliminate the business
it awards to us, we might be unable to recover the lost revenue with work from other U.S. federal government departments or
agencies or other clients, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and



© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page     66
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 67
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




adversely affected. Although IFRS Accounting Standards consider a national government and its departments and agencies as
a single client, our client base in the U.S. federal government sector is in fact diversified with contracts from many different
federal departments and agencies. The U.S. federal government is currently focused on reducing spend through program
modification and driving efficiencies. If some or all of CGI Federal Inc.’s portfolio of federal government contracts were
cancelled or reduced, if new procurement were cancelled or delayed, or if reductions in contract scope or price were to occur,
it could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our work with government clients exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government contracting environment.

Changes in government spending policies or budget priorities could directly affect our financial performance. Among the
factors that could harm our government contracting business are: the curtailment of governments’ use of consulting and IT
services firms; a significant decline in spending by governments in general, or by specific departments or agencies in
particular; the adoption of new legislation and/or actions affecting companies that provide services to governments; delays in
the payment of our invoices by government; government shutdowns or the threat of government shutdowns; and general
economic and political conditions. These or other factors could cause government agencies and departments to reduce their
purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate contracts, to issue temporary stop work orders, or not to
exercise options to renew contracts, any of which would cause us to lose future revenue. Government spending reductions or
budget cutbacks at these departments or agencies could materially harm our continued performance under these contracts, or
limit the awarding of additional contracts from these agencies.

Changes in the laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our
global business operations and profitability.

Our global operations require us to be compliant with laws and regulations in many jurisdictions on matters such as: anti-
corruption, trade restrictions, immigration, taxation, securities, antitrust, data privacy, labour relations, and the environment,
amongst others. Complying with these diverse requirements worldwide is a challenge and consumes significant resources.
The laws and regulations frequently change and some may impose conflicting requirements which may expose us to penalties
for non-compliance and harm our reputation. Furthermore, in some jurisdictions, we may face the absence of effective laws
and regulations to protect our intellectual property rights and there may be restrictions on the movement of cash and other
assets, on the import and export of certain technologies, and on the repatriation of earnings. Any or all of these risks could
impact our global business operations and cause our profitability to decline.

Our business with the U.S. federal government departments and agencies also requires that we comply with complex laws and
regulations relating to government contracts. We are routinely subject to audits by U.S. government departments and agencies
with respect to compliance therewith. These laws and regulations relate to the integrity of the procurement process, impose
disclosure requirements, and address national security concerns, among other matters. On January 21, 2025, an executive
order was issued requiring U.S. federal contractors to certify that they do not operate any programs promoting diversity, equity
and inclusion that violate any applicable federal anti-distrimination laws. If we fail to comply with these requirements we may
be subject to litigation or investigations initiated by government authorities or private actors, or otherwise incur penalties and
sanctions, including contract termination, suspension of payments, suspension or debarment from doing business with the
federal government, and fines.

There can be no assurance that our ethics and compliance practices will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical
standards.

Our employees, officers, directors, suppliers and other business partners are expected to comply with applicable legal and
ethical standards including, without limitation, anti-bribery laws, as well as with our governance policies and contractual
obligations. Failure to comply with such laws, policies and contractual obligations could expose us to litigation and significant
fines and penalties, and result in reputational harm or being disqualified from bidding on contracts. While we have developed
and implemented strong ethics and compliance practices, including through our Code of Ethics, which must be observed by all
of our employees, our Third Party Code of Ethics as well as ethics and compliance trainings, there can be no assurance that
such practices and measures will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical standards. Any such failure or violation
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation. This risk of improper conduct may


© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page    67
68 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




increase as we continue to expand globally, with greater opportunities and demands to do more business with local and new
partners.

Changes to, and delays or defects in, our client projects and solutions may subject us to legal liability, which could materially
adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and may negatively affect our professional reputation.

We create, implement and maintain IT solutions that are often critical to the operations of our clients’ business. Our ability to
complete large projects as expected could be adversely affected by unanticipated delays, renegotiations, and changing client
requirements. Also, our solutions may suffer from defects that adversely affect their performance; they may not meet our
clients’ requirements or may fail to perform in accordance with applicable service levels. Such problems could subject us to
legal liability, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, and may
negatively affect our professional reputation. While we typically use reasonable efforts to include provisions in our contracts
which are designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services and the applications we develop, we may not
always be able to include such provisions and, where we are successful, such provisions may not protect us adequately or
may not be enforceable under some circumstances or under the laws of some jurisdictions.

We are subject to stringent and changing privacy laws, regulations and standards, information security policies and contractual
obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could expose
us to government sanctions and cause damage to our brand and reputation.

Our business often requires that our clients’ applications and information, which may include their proprietary information and
personal information they manage, be processed and stored on our networks and systems, and in data centers that we
manage. We also process and store proprietary information relating to our business, and personal information relating to our
employees. The Company is subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect information, such as the European
Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), various laws and regulations in Canada, the U.S. and other countries in
which the Company operates governing the protection of health or other personally identifiable information and data privacy.
These laws and regulations are increasing in number and complexity and are being adopted and amended with greater
frequency, which results in greater compliance risk and cost. The potential financial penalties for non-compliance with these
laws and regulations have significantly increased with the adoption of the GDPR. The Company's Chief Data Protection Officer
oversees the Company's compliance with the laws that protect the privacy of personal information. The Company faces risks
inherent in protecting the security of such personal data which have grown in complexity, magnitude and frequency in recent
years. Digital information and equipment are subject to loss, theft or destruction, and services that we provide may become
temporarily unavailable as a result of those risks, or upon an equipment or system malfunction. The causes of such failures
include human error in the course of normal operations (including from advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our
employees), maintenance and upgrading activities, as well as hacking, vandalism (including denial of service attacks and
computer viruses), theft, and unauthorized access, as well as power outages or surges, floods, fires, natural disasters and
many other causes. The measures that we take to protect against all information infrastructure risks, including both physical
and logical controls on access to premises and information may prove in some circumstances to be inadequate to prevent the
improper disclosure, loss, theft, misappropriation of, unauthorized access to, or destruction of client information, or service
interruptions. Such events may expose the Company to financial loss arising from the costs of remediation and those arising
from litigation from our clients and third parties (including under the laws that protect the privacy of personal information),
claims and damages, as well as expose the Company to government sanctions and damage to our brand and reputation.

We could face legal, reputational and financial risks if we fail to protect our and/or client data from security incidents or
cyberattacks.

The volume, velocity and sophistication of security threats and cyber-attacks continue to grow. This includes criminal hackers,
hacktivists, state-sponsored organizations, industrial espionage, employee misconduct, and human or technological errors.
The current geopolitical instability, as well as the adoption of emerging technologies, such as AI, has exacerbated these
threats, which could lead to increased risk and frequency of security and cybersecurity incidents.

As a global IT and business consulting firm providing services to private and public sectors, we process and store increasingly
large amounts of data for our clients, including proprietary information and personal information. These activities could

© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                 Page   68
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 69
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




increase through the use of AI. Consequently, our business could be negatively impacted by physical and cyber threats, which
could affect our future sales and financial position or increase our costs. An unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential
client or employee information, including cyber-attacks or other security breaches, could cause a loss of data, give rise to
remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and
investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
These security risks to the Company include potential attacks not only of our own solutions, services and systems, but also
those of our clients, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third parties. Moreover, the use of AI may give rise to
issues and risks related to harmful content, inaccurate content, bias, intellectual property right infringement or
misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity, among others, and may also bring the possibility of ethical concerns and/or
new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other legal liability.

The Company’s Chief Security Officer is responsible for overseeing the security of the Company. Any local issue in a business
unit could have a global impact on the entire Company, thus visibility and timely escalation on potential issues are key. We
seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their occurrence or recurrence, by: (i) developing and
regularly reviewing policies and standards related to information security, data privacy, physical security and business
continuity; (ii) monitoring the Company’s performance against these policies and standards; (iii) developing strategies intended
to seek to mitigate the Company’s risks, including through security trainings for all employees to increase awareness of
potential cyber threats; (iv) implementing security measures to ensure an appropriate level of control based on the nature of
the information and the inherent risks attached thereto, including through access management, security monitoring and testing
to mitigate and help detect and respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information systems and networks; and (v)
working with the industry and governments against cyber threats. However, because of the evolving nature and sophistication
of these security threats, there can be no assurance that our safeguards will detect or prevent the occurrence of material cyber
breaches, intrusions or attacks.

We are regularly the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and must continuously monitor and develop our
information technology networks and infrastructure to detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse,
computer viruses and other events that could have a security and reputational impact. If security protection does not evolve at
the same pace as threats, a growing gap on our level of protection will be created. Technology evolution and global trends like
digital transformation, cloud and mobile computing amongst others are disrupting the security operating model, thus security
should evolve to address new relevant security requirements and build new capabilities to address the changes. Increasing
detection and automated response capabilities are key to improve visibility and contain any negative potential impact.
Automating security processes and integrating with IT, business and security solutions could address shortage of technical
security staff and avoid introducing human intervention and errors.

Insider or employee cyber and security threats are increasingly a concern for all large companies, including ours. CGI is
continuously working to install new, and upgrade its existing, information technology systems and provide employees
awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to ensure that the Company is protected, to the greatest
extent possible, against cyber risks and security breaches. While CGI selects third-party vendors carefully, it does not control
their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in
communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, cyber-attacks and
security breaches at a vendor could adversely affect our ability to deliver solutions and services to our clients and otherwise
conduct business.

The Company and certain of its clients, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third parties use open-
source services, which can entail risk to end-user security. These open source projects are often created and maintained by
volunteers, who do not always have adequate resources and employees for incident response and proactive maintenance
even as their projects are critical to the internet economy. Vulnerabilities discovered in these open source services can be
exploited by attackers, which could compromise our system infrastructure and/or lead to a loss or breach of personal and/or
proprietary information, financial loss, and other irreversible harm.

While our liability insurance policy covers cyber risks, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be sufficient in
type or amount to cover the costs, damages, liabilities or losses that can result from security breaches, cyber-attacks and other



© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page    69
70 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




related breaches. As the cyber threat landscape evolves, and CGI and our clients increase our digital footprint, we may find it
necessary to make additional significant investments to protect data and infrastructure. Occurrence of any of the
aforementioned security threats could expose the Company, our clients or other third parties to potential liability, litigation, and
regulatory action, in addition to loss of client confidence, loss of existing or potential clients, loss of sensitive government
contracts, damage to brand and reputation, and other financial loss.

Damage to our reputation may harm our ability to obtain new clients and retain our existing clients.

CGI’s reputation as a capable and trustworthy service provider and long-term business partner is key to our ability to compete
effectively in the market for IT services. The nature of our operations exposes us to the potential loss, unauthorized access to,
or destruction of our clients’ information, as well as temporary service interruptions. Depending on the nature of the information
or services, such events may have a negative impact on how the Company is perceived in the marketplace. Under such
circumstances, our ability to obtain new clients and retain existing clients could suffer with a resulting impact on our revenue
and net earnings.

Our inability to meet regulatory requirements and/or stakeholders expectations of disclosure, management and implementation
of ESG initiatives and standards, could have an adverse effect on our business.

Certain shareholders, investors, clients, employees and other stakeholders take the view that ESG issues have become a
current and imminent concern. As such, perceptions of our operations held by our stakeholders may depend, in part, on the
ESG initiatives and standards that we have chosen to implement, or not to implement, and in the former case whether or not
we meet them.

We are subject to evolving regulatory requirements, which can both be contradictory and vary significantly by jurisdiction. In
some jurisdictions, we have set a number of ambitious ESG commitments and targets to monitor our ESG performance and
align our strategic imperatives, including without limitation, our commitment to net-zero carbon emissions as defined under
Scope 1, 2, and the business travel of Scope 3 of the greenhouse gas protocol. Where applicable, our ability to meet and
adapt to a variety of applicable requirements and to meet and achieve these commitments and targets depends on many
factors and is subject to many risks that could cause our assumptions or estimates to be inaccurate and cause actual results
or events to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these requirements, commitments and targets. Where
applicable, the failure to effectively manage and sufficiently report ESG matters could lead to negative business, financial, legal
and regulatory consequences for the Company.

Our revenue and profitability may decline and the accuracy of our financial reporting may be impaired if we fail to design,
implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls.

Due to the inherent limitations of internal controls including the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, there can only
be reasonable assurance that the Company’s internal controls will detect and prevent a misstatement. If the Company is
unable to design, implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls throughout its different business environments,
the efficiency of our operations might suffer, resulting in a decline in revenue and profitability, and the accuracy of our financial
reporting could be impaired.

Future funding requirements may affect our business and growth opportunities and we may not have access to favourable
financing opportunities in the future.

The Company’s future growth is contingent on the execution of its business strategy, which, in turn, is dependent on its ability
to grow the business organically as well as through business acquisitions. In the event we would need to raise additional funds
through equity or debt financing to fund any currently unidentified or unplanned future acquisitions and other growth
opportunities, there can be no assurance that such financing will be available in amounts and on terms acceptable to us.
Factors such as capital market disruptions, interest rate changes, inflation, tariffs and/or trade wars, recession, political,
economic and financial market instability, government policies, central bank monetary policies, and changes to bank
regulations, could reduce the availability of capital or increase the cost of such capital. Our ability to raise the required funding
depends on prevailing market conditions, the capacity of the capital markets to meet our equity and/or debt financing needs in
a timely fashion and on the basis of interest rates and/or share prices that are reasonable in the context of our commercial


© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page   70
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 71
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




objectives. Increasing interest rates, volatility in our share price, rising inflation, tariffs and/or trade wars and the capacity of our
current lenders to meet our additional liquidity requirements are all factors that may have a material adverse effect on any
acquisitions or growth activities that we may, in the future, identify or plan. If we are unable to obtain the necessary funding, we
may be unable to achieve our growth objectives.

The inability to service our debt and other financial obligations, or our inability to fulfill our financial covenants, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The Company has a substantial amount of debt and significant interest payment requirements. A portion of cash flows from
operations goes to the payment of interest on the Company’s indebtedness. The Company’s ability to service its debt and
other financial obligations is affected by prevailing economic conditions in the markets that we serve and financial, business
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations
and future borrowings or other financing may be unavailable in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our future financial
obligations or our other liquidity needs. In addition, we are party to a number of financing agreements, including our credit
facility, and the indentures governing our senior unsecured notes, which agreements, indentures and instruments contain
financial and other covenants, including covenants that require us to maintain financial ratios and/or other financial or other
covenants. If we were to breach the covenants contained in our financing agreements, we may be required to redeem, repay,
repurchase or refinance our existing debt obligations prior to their scheduled maturity and our ability to do so may be restricted
or limited by the prevailing conditions in the capital markets, available liquidity and other factors. Our inability to service our
debt and other financial obligations, or our inability to fulfill our financial or other covenants in our financing agreements, could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may be adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations.

Although a significant portion of the Company’s indebtedness bears interest at fixed rates, the Company remains exposed to
interest rate risk under its credit facility. If interest rates increase, debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness
would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and net income and cash flows would decrease, which
could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

Changes in the Company’s creditworthiness or credit ratings could affect the cost at which the Company can access capital or
credit markets.

The Company and each of the U.S. dollar denominated and Canadian dollar denominated senior unsecured notes received
credit ratings. Credit ratings are generally evaluated and determined by independent third parties and may be impacted by
events outside of the Company’s control, as well as other material decisions made by the Company. Credit rating agencies
perform independent analysis when assigning credit ratings and such analysis includes a number of criteria. Such criteria are
reviewed on an on-going basis and are therefore subject to change. Any rating assigned to the Company or to our debt
securities may be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency’s judgment, future circumstances
relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant. Real or anticipated changes in the perceived
creditworthiness of the Company and/or in the credit rating of its debt obligations could affect the market value of such debt
obligations and the ability of the Company to access capital or credit markets, and/or the cost at which it can do so.

We may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations.

The majority of our revenue and costs are denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Foreign exchange
fluctuations impact the results of our operations as they are reported in Canadian dollars. This risk is partially mitigated by a
natural hedge in matching our costs with revenue denominated in the same currency and through the use of derivatives in our
global hedging strategy. However, as we continue our global expansion, natural hedges may begin to diminish and the use of
hedging contracts exposes us to the risk that financial institutions could fail to perform their obligations under our hedging
instruments. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our hedging strategy and arrangements will offset the impact of
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect our business revenues, results of operations,
financial condition or prospects. Other than the use of financial products to deliver on our hedging strategy, we do not trade
derivative financial instruments.


© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                  Page   71
72 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024




Our functional and reporting currency is the Canadian dollar. As such, our European, U.S., U.K., Asian and Australian
investments, operations and assets are exposed to net change in currency exchange rates. Volatility in exchange rates could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to discretion and future performance.

We have announced a dividend program providing for a cash dividend on our Class A shares and our Class B shares (multiple
voting). There can be no assurance as to our ability to declare and pay dividends in accordance with the dividend program,
whether or when we will declare and pay dividends in the future, or the frequency or amount of any such dividend. Our ability
to declare and pay dividends will depend on various factors that are not presently known, including our future operating cash
flows, sources of capital, the satisfaction of solvency tests and other financial requirements, our operations and financial
results, our potential alternative uses of cash, such as acquisitions, our ability to repatriate cash from our subsidiaries, as well
as our periodic review of our dividend program and other policies.


10.2. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business.
Certain of these matters seek damages in significant amounts. Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with
assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on
any of its business activities.




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page   72
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
                                                                                         FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 73




Transfer Agent
Computershare Investor Services Inc.
+1(800) 564-6253

Investor Relations
Kevin Linder
Senior Vice-President, Investor Relations
Telephone: +1(905) 973-8363
kevin.linder@cgi.com

1350 René-Lévesque Boulevard West
25th Floor
Montréal, Quebec
H3G 1T4
Canada

cgi.com




© 2025 CGI Inc.                                                                                            Page   73
 74 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Management’s
Management’s
Management’s and
             and
             andAuditor’s
                 Auditor’s
                 Auditor’s Reports
                           Reports
                           Reports
MANAGEMENT’S
MANAGEMENT’S
MANAGEMENT’SSTATEMENT
             STATEMENT
             STATEMENTOF
                       OF
                       OFRESPONSIBILITY
                          RESPONSIBILITY
                          RESPONSIBILITYFOR
                                         FOR
                                         FORFINANCIAL
                                             FINANCIAL
                                             FINANCIALREPORTING
                                                       REPORTING
                                                       REPORTING
MANAGEMENT’S STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING
The
 The
  Themanagement
       management
        managementof            of
                                 ofCGI
                                   CGI
                                    CGInc.
                                         Inc.
                                          Inc.(the(the
                                                    (theCompany)
                                                         Company)
                                                          Company)is     isisresponsible
                                                                              responsible
                                                                               responsiblefor      for
                                                                                                     forthe
                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                          thepreparation
                                                                                                               preparation
                                                                                                                preparationand      and
                                                                                                                                      andintegrity
                                                                                                                                            integrity
                                                                                                                                             integrityof of
                                                                                                                                                          ofthe
                                                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                                                               theconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                                     consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                       consolidatedfinancialfinancial
                                                                                                                                                                                              financial
  The management of CGI Inc. (the Company) is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial
statements
 statements
  statementsand      and
                      andthethe
                             theManagement’s
                                  Management’s
                                   Management’sDiscussion Discussion
                                                            Discussionand    and    Analysis(MD&A).
                                                                                   Analysis
                                                                              andAnalysis           (MD&A).
                                                                                                      (MD&A).The  The
                                                                                                                    Theconsolidated
                                                                                                                         consolidated
                                                                                                                           consolidatedfinancial  financial
                                                                                                                                                   financialstatements
                                                                                                                                                                  statements
                                                                                                                                                                   statementshave     have
                                                                                                                                                                                       havebeen been
                                                                                                                                                                                                  been
  statements and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A). The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared
 prepared
  preparedin     ininaccordance
                      accordance
                       accordancewith   with
                                         withInternational
                                                International
                                                  InternationalFinancial
                                                                    Financial
                                                                     FinancialReporting
                                                                                    Reporting
                                                                                     ReportingStandards  Standardsas
                                                                                                        Standards       as
                                                                                                                         asissued
                                                                                                                              issued
                                                                                                                                issuedby    by
                                                                                                                                             bythe
                                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                                  theInternational
                                                                                                                                                       International
                                                                                                                                                        InternationalAccounting
                                                                                                                                                                              Accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                AccountingStandardsStandards
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Standards
  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board
 Board
  Boardandand
            andnecessarily
                    necessarily
                     necessarilyinclude
                                      include
                                       includesome  some
                                                     someamounts
                                                             amounts
                                                              amountsthat  that
                                                                             thatare
                                                                                   are   based
                                                                                    arebased
                                                                                          basedon      on
                                                                                                        onmanagement’s
                                                                                                           management’s
                                                                                                            management’sbest           best
                                                                                                                                        bestestimates
                                                                                                                                              estimates
                                                                                                                                               estimatesand     and
                                                                                                                                                                 andjudgement.
                                                                                                                                                                        judgement.
                                                                                                                                                                         judgement.Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                             Financialand   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                             and
  Board and necessarily include some amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgement. Financial and
operating
 operating
  operatingdata   data
                    dataelsewhere
                           elsewhere
                            elsewherein   ininthe
                                               the
                                                theMD&A
                                                      MD&A
                                                       MD&Aare  are    consistentwith
                                                                      consistent
                                                                 areconsistent          with
                                                                                         withthat
                                                                                                that
                                                                                                  thatcontained
                                                                                                         contained
                                                                                                          containedin   ininthe
                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                               theaccompanying
                                                                                                                                      accompanying
                                                                                                                                        accompanyingconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                               consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                consolidatedfinancial financial
                                                                                                                                                                                       financial
  operating data elsewhere in the MD&A are consistent with that contained in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.
 statements.
  statements.
  statements.
To
 To
  Tofulfill
     fulfill
      fulfillits
              its
               itsresponsibility,
                    responsibility,
                     responsibility,management
                                         management
                                          managementhas        has
                                                                hasdeveloped,
                                                                      developed,
                                                                       developed,and      and     continues
                                                                                           andcontinues
                                                                                                    continuesto    to
                                                                                                                    tomaintain,
                                                                                                                       maintain,
                                                                                                                       maintain,systems   systems
                                                                                                                                           systemsof    of
                                                                                                                                                         ofinternal
                                                                                                                                                            internal
                                                                                                                                                             internalcontrols
                                                                                                                                                                           controls
                                                                                                                                                                            controlsreinforced
                                                                                                                                                                                         reinforced
                                                                                                                                                                                          reinforcedby     by
                                                                                                                                                                                                            by
  To fulfill its responsibility, management has developed, and continues to maintain, systems of internal controls reinforced by
the
 the
  theCompany’s
      Company’s
       Company’sstandards  standards
                            standardsof   ofofconduct
                                                conduct
                                                 conductand  and
                                                              andethics,
                                                                    ethics,
                                                                     ethics,as  as
                                                                                 asset
                                                                                     set   outin
                                                                                          out
                                                                                      setout      ininwritten
                                                                                                       written
                                                                                                        writtenpolicies
                                                                                                                  policies
                                                                                                                   policiesto    to
                                                                                                                                  toensure
                                                                                                                                       ensure
                                                                                                                                        ensurethe the
                                                                                                                                                   thereliability
                                                                                                                                                        reliability
                                                                                                                                                         reliabilityof    of
                                                                                                                                                                           ofthe
                                                                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                                                                               thefinancial
                                                                                                                                                                                    financial
                                                                                                                                                                                     financial
  the Company’s standards of conduct and ethics, as set out in written policies to ensure the reliability of the financial
information
 information
  informationand     and
                      andto totosafeguard
                                 safeguard
                                  safeguardits   its
                                                   itsassets.
                                                       assets.
                                                        assets.The
                                                                 The     Company'sconsolidated
                                                                        Company's
                                                                  TheCompany's              consolidated
                                                                                             consolidatedfinancial financial
                                                                                                                    financialstatements
                                                                                                                                    statements
                                                                                                                                      statementsand    and
                                                                                                                                                        andthe the
                                                                                                                                                                theeffectiveness
                                                                                                                                                                      effectiveness
                                                                                                                                                                       effectivenessof        ofofinternal
                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                    internal
  information and to safeguard its assets. The Company's consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal
control
 control
  controlover
            over
              overfinancial
                      financial
                        financialreporting
                                    reporting
                                     reportingare    are
                                                      aresubject
                                                          subject
                                                           subjecto  to  audits
                                                                      toaudits
                                                                          auditsby  by
                                                                                     byanan
                                                                                          anIndependent
                                                                                              Independent
                                                                                                IndependentRegisteredRegistered
                                                                                                                      RegisteredPublic     Public
                                                                                                                                            PublicAccounting
                                                                                                                                                      Accounting
                                                                                                                                                       AccountingFirm,     Firm,
                                                                                                                                                                            Firm,
  control over financial reporting are subject to audits by an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
PricewaterhouseCoopers
 PricewaterhouseCoopers
  PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP,              LLP,
                                            LLP,whosewhose
                                                      whosereport
                                                              report
                                                               reportfollows.
                                                                        follows.
                                                                         follows.PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                                      PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                                       PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP,                   LLP,
                                                                                                                                      LLP,Independent
                                                                                                                                             Independent
                                                                                                                                              IndependentRegisteredRegistered
                                                                                                                                                                    RegisteredPublic   Public
                                                                                                                                                                                        PublicAccounting
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Accounting
  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report follows. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm
 Firm
  Firmappointed
        appointed
         appointedby       by
                            byour
                                our
                                  ourshareholders
                                      shareholders
                                       shareholdersupon     upon
                                                             uponthethe
                                                                     therecommendation
                                                                          recommendation
                                                                            recommendationof             of  the
                                                                                                          ofthe
                                                                                                              theAudit
                                                                                                                  Audit
                                                                                                                    Auditandand
                                                                                                                             andRisk  Risk
                                                                                                                                        RiskManagement
                                                                                                                                              Management
                                                                                                                                               ManagementCommittee    Committee
                                                                                                                                                                       Committeeof       of
                                                                                                                                                                                          ofthethe
                                                                                                                                                                                                theBoard
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Boardof  of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                of
  Firm appointed by our shareholders upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of
Directors,
 Directors,
  Directors,has    has
                    hasperformed
                          performed
                           performedindependent
                                         independent
                                          independentaudits    audits
                                                                auditsof of
                                                                          ofthe
                                                                              the
                                                                               theconsolidated
                                                                                    consolidated
                                                                                     consolidatedbalance   balance      sheets
                                                                                                            balancesheets sheetsas      as
                                                                                                                                         asatat
                                                                                                                                              atSeptember
                                                                                                                                                September
                                                                                                                                                 September30,        30,
                                                                                                                                                                      30,2025
                                                                                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                                                                                            2025and  and
                                                                                                                                                                                      and2024
                                                                                                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                                                                                                              2024and  and
                                                                                                                                                                                                        andthe
                                                                                                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              the
  Directors, has performed independent audits of the consolidated balance sheets as at September 30, 2025 and 2024 and the
related
 related
  relatedconsolidated
            consolidated
              consolidatedstatements
                                   statements
                                    statementsof       of
                                                        ofearnings,
                                                          earnings,
                                                           earnings,comprehensive
                                                                        comprehensive
                                                                          comprehensiveincome,        income,
                                                                                                       income,changes
                                                                                                                  changes
                                                                                                                    changesin       ininequity
                                                                                                                                         equity
                                                                                                                                          equityandand
                                                                                                                                                    andcash
                                                                                                                                                          cash
                                                                                                                                                           cashflowsflows
                                                                                                                                                                     flowsfor  for
                                                                                                                                                                                forthe
                                                                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                                                                     theyears
                                                                                                                                                                                         years
                                                                                                                                                                                          yearsended ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                       ended
  related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended
September
 September
  September30,       30,
                      30,2025
                           2025
                            2025andand
                                     and2024
                                         2024
                                          2024and    and
                                                      andthe
                                                           the
                                                            theeffectiveness
                                                                effectiveness
                                                                 effectivenessof       of  ourinternal
                                                                                          our
                                                                                        ofour     internal
                                                                                                    internalcontrol
                                                                                                                control
                                                                                                                 controloverover
                                                                                                                             overfinancial
                                                                                                                                       financial
                                                                                                                                        financialreporting
                                                                                                                                                     reporting
                                                                                                                                                      reportingas     as
                                                                                                                                                                       asatat
                                                                                                                                                                            atSeptember
                                                                                                                                                                                September
                                                                                                                                                                                 September30,       30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                     30,2025.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          2025.
                                                                                                                                                                                                           2025.
  September 30, 2025 and 2024 and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2025.
Members
 Members
  Membersof       ofofthe
                       the
                        theAudit
                            Audit
                              Auditand
                                     and
                                      andRisk
                                           Risk
                                             RiskManagement
                                                     Management
                                                      ManagementCommitteeCommittee
                                                                          Committeeof       of
                                                                                             ofthe  theBoard
                                                                                                  the    Board
                                                                                                          Boardof  of
                                                                                                                    ofDirectors,
                                                                                                                       Directors,
                                                                                                                       Directors,all       all
                                                                                                                                            allof
                                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                                                ofwhom
                                                                                                                                                   whom
                                                                                                                                                     whomare  are
                                                                                                                                                                areindependent
                                                                                                                                                                      independent
                                                                                                                                                                       independentof        ofofthe
                                                                                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
  Members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, all of whom are independent of the
Company,
 Company,
  Company,meet      meet
                     meetregularly
                             regularly
                              regularlywith
                                         with
                                           withPricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                     PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP              LLP
                                                                                             LLPand   and
                                                                                                       andwithwithmanagement
                                                                                                            with    management
                                                                                                                     managemento             to
                                                                                                                                              todiscuss
                                                                                                                                                discuss
                                                                                                                                                  discussinternal
                                                                                                                                                              internal
                                                                                                                                                                internalcontrols
                                                                                                                                                                             controls
                                                                                                                                                                               controlsin  ininthe
                                                                                                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                                                                                                                  thefinancial
                                                                                                                                                                                                       financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                        financial
  Company, meet regularly with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and with management to discuss internal controls in the financial
reporting
 reporting
  reportingprocess,
                process,
                  process,auditing
                                auditing
                                  auditingmatters
                                             matters
                                              mattersand   and
                                                            andfinancial
                                                                 financial
                                                                  financialreporting
                                                                                reporting
                                                                                 reportingissues issuesand
                                                                                               issues       and
                                                                                                             andformulate
                                                                                                                   formulate
                                                                                                                    formulatethe       the
                                                                                                                                        theappropriate
                                                                                                                                            appropriate
                                                                                                                                              appropriaterecommendations
                                                                                                                                                                 recommendations
                                                                                                                                                                  recommendationsto               to
                                                                                                                                                                                                   tothe
                                                                                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                                                                                       theBoard
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Board
  reporting process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues and formulate the appropriate recommendations to the Board
of
 of
  ofDirectors.
    Directors.
     Directors.PricewaterhouseCoopers
                       PricewaterhouseCoopers
                         PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP             LLP
                                                                LLPhashas
                                                                       hasfullfull
                                                                               fulland
                                                                                    and    unrestrictedaccess
                                                                                          unrestricted
                                                                                     andunrestricted            access
                                                                                                                 accessto    to
                                                                                                                              tothethe
                                                                                                                                    theAudit
                                                                                                                                          Audit
                                                                                                                                           Auditandand
                                                                                                                                                    andRisk
                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                                                                                                                                                           RiskManagement
                                                                                                                                                                   Management
                                                                                                                                                                    ManagementCommittee.  Committee.
                                                                                                                                                                                            Committee.
  of Directors. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has full and unrestricted access to the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
The
 The
  Theconsolidated
       consolidated
        consolidatedfinancial  financial
                                financialstatements
                                            statements
                                             statementsand     and
                                                                andMD&A
                                                                     MD&A
                                                                      MD&Ahave    have
                                                                                   havebeenbeenreviewed
                                                                                          been        reviewed
                                                                                                       reviewedand   and
                                                                                                                      andapproved
                                                                                                                            approved
                                                                                                                             approvedby        by
                                                                                                                                                bythe
                                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                                     theBoard
                                                                                                                                                          Board
                                                                                                                                                          Boardof     of
                                                                                                                                                                       ofDirectors.
                                                                                                                                                                           Directors.
                                                                                                                                                                            Directors.
  The consolidated financial statements and MD&A have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.




 /s/
  /s/
   /s/François
      François
       FrançoisBoulanger
                Boulanger
                  Boulanger                                          /s/
                                                                      /s/
                                                                       /s/Steve
                                                                          Steve
                                                                           StevePerron
                                                                                Perron
                                                                                 Perron
   /s/ François Boulanger                                              /s/ Steve Perron
 François
 François
  FrançoisBoulanger
            Boulanger
             Boulanger                                               Steve
                                                                      StevePerron
                                                                     Steve    Perron
                                                                             Perron
  François
 President   Boulanger
  Presidentand
 President   and
            and   Chief
                    ChiefExecutive
                   Chief  ExecutiveOfficer
                         Executive  Officer
                                   Officer                            Steve
                                                                     ExecutivePerron
                                                                      Executive
                                                                     Executive  Vice-President
                                                                                 Vice-President  andChief
                                                                                  Vice-Presidentand
                                                                                                and                  Officer
                                                                                                           FinancialOfficer
                                                                                                     ChiefFinancial
                                                                                                    Chief Financial Officer
  President and Chief Executive Officer                               Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
   November4,
  November
 November     4,4,2025
                   2025
                  2025
   November 4, 2025




CGI
CGI
 CGInc.
    Inc.
     Inc.–––Consolidated
            Consolidated
             ConsolidatedFinancial
                         Financial
                          FinancialStatements
                                   Statements
                                    Statementsfor
                                               for
                                                forthe
                                                    the years
                                                     theyears
                                                         yearsended
                                                              ended
                                                               endedSeptember
                                                                    September
                                                                     September30,
                                                                              30,
                                                                               30,2025
                                                                                  2025
                                                                                   2025and
                                                                                       and
                                                                                        and2024
                                                                                           2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                                                              111
 CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                                                                   1
                                                                                                                                        FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 75

Management’s
Management’s
Management’s and
             and
             and Auditor’s
                 Auditor’s
                 Auditor’s Reports
                           Reports
                           Reports
MANAGEMENT'S
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT
             REPORT ON
                    ON INTERNAL
                        INTERNAL CONTROL
                                 CONTROL OVER
                                         OVER FINANCIAL
                                              FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                                        REPORTING
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The
 Themanagement
         managementof        ofthe
                                theCompany
                                      Companyisisresponsible
                                                         responsiblefor   forestablishing
                                                                               establishingand andmaintaining
                                                                                                      maintainingadequate
                                                                                                                       adequateinternal
                                                                                                                                      internalcontrol
                                                                                                                                                 controlover
                                                                                                                                                           overfinancial
                                                                                                                                                                 financial
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting.
 reporting.The TheCompany’s
                       Company’sinternal internalcontrol
                                                     controloveroverfinancial
                                                                      financialreporting
                                                                                   reportingisisaaprocess
                                                                                                      processdesigned,
                                                                                                                  designed,under underthe thesupervision
                                                                                                                                                supervisionof   ofand
                                                                                                                                                                   andwith
                                                                                                                                                                         withthe
                                                                                                                                                                               the
 reporting. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, under the supervision of and with the
participation
 participationof    ofthe
                        thePresident
                              Presidentand   andChief
                                                   ChiefExecutive
                                                            ExecutiveOfficer
                                                                           Officeras aswell
                                                                                         wellasasthe
                                                                                                   theExecutive
                                                                                                         ExecutiveVice-President
                                                                                                                       Vice-Presidentand      andChief
                                                                                                                                                   ChiefFinancial
                                                                                                                                                            FinancialOfficer,
                                                                                                                                                                        Officer,
 participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer,
to
 toprovide
    providereasonable
                reasonableassuranceassuranceregarding
                                                   regardingthe   thereliability
                                                                       reliabilityofoffinancial
                                                                                       financialreporting
                                                                                                    reportingand  andthethepreparation
                                                                                                                              preparationof    ofthe
                                                                                                                                                  theCompany’s
                                                                                                                                                       Company’s
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s
consolidated
 consolidatedfinancial
                     financialstatements
                                  statementsfor     forexternal
                                                         externalreporting
                                                                    reportingpurposes
                                                                                  purposesininaccordance
                                                                                                   accordancewith    withInternational
                                                                                                                            InternationalFinancial
                                                                                                                                              FinancialReporting
                                                                                                                                                           Reporting
 consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards
 Standardsas     asissued
                      issuedby   bythe
                                     theInternational
                                           InternationalAccounting
                                                              AccountingStandards
                                                                               StandardsBoardBoard(IFRS(IFRSAccounting
                                                                                                                 AccountingStandards).
                                                                                                                                 Standards).
 Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards).
The
 TheCompany’s
         Company’sinternalinternalcontrol
                                      controlover
                                                overfinancial
                                                         financialreporting
                                                                    reportingincludes
                                                                                  includespolicies
                                                                                              policiesand  andprocedures
                                                                                                                 proceduresthat:  that:
 The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:
     --Pertain
         Pertainto tothethemaintenance
                             maintenanceof       ofrecords
                                                      recordsthat,
                                                                 that,ininreasonable
                                                                           reasonabledetail,detail,accurately
                                                                                                     accuratelyand   andfairly
                                                                                                                           fairlyreflect
                                                                                                                                   reflecttransactions
                                                                                                                                            transactionsand   anddispositions
                                                                                                                                                                   dispositions
       - Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions
     ofofthe
          theassets
               assetsof    ofthe
                              theCompany;
                                    Company;
       of the assets of the Company;
     --Provide
         Providereasonable
                    reasonableassurance
                                      assurancethat    thattransactions
                                                             transactionsare   arerecorded
                                                                                    recordedas   asnecessary
                                                                                                      necessaryto    topermit
                                                                                                                         permitpreparation
                                                                                                                                    preparationof   ofconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                       consolidatedfinancial
                                                                                                                                                                         financial
       - Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
     statements
       statementsininaccordance
                           accordancewith    withIFRSIFRSAccounting
                                                             AccountingStandards,
                                                                             Standards,and   andthat
                                                                                                   thatreceipts
                                                                                                          receiptsand andexpenditures
                                                                                                                             expendituresare    arebeing
                                                                                                                                                     beingmade
                                                                                                                                                             madeonlyonlyinin
       statements in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in
     accordance
       accordancewith    withauthorizations
                                authorizationsof      ofmanagement
                                                          managementand      andthethedirectors
                                                                                        directorsof  ofthe
                                                                                                         theCompany;
                                                                                                              Company;and,    and,
       accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and,
     --Provide
         Providereasonable
                    reasonableassurance
                                      assuranceregarding
                                                       regardingprevention
                                                                     preventionor    ortimely
                                                                                        timelydetection
                                                                                                 detectionof    ofunauthorized
                                                                                                                   unauthorizedacquisition,
                                                                                                                                       acquisition,use useor ordisposition
                                                                                                                                                                dispositionof  of
       - Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
     the
       theCompany’s
            Company’sassets   assetsthatthatcould
                                               couldhavehaveaamaterial
                                                                   materialeffect
                                                                               effectononthe
                                                                                           theCompany’s
                                                                                                Company’sconsolidated
                                                                                                                  consolidatedfinancial
                                                                                                                                     financialstatements.
                                                                                                                                                 statements.
       the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
All
 Allinternal
      internalcontrol
                 controlsystems
                             systemshave  haveinherent
                                                  inherentlimitations;
                                                               limitations;therefore,
                                                                               therefore,evenevenwhere
                                                                                                     whereinternal
                                                                                                               internalcontrol
                                                                                                                          controloveroverfinancial
                                                                                                                                            financialreporting
                                                                                                                                                        reportingisis
 All internal control systems have inherent limitations; therefore, even where internal control over financial reporting is
determined
 determinedto     tobe beeffective,
                            effective,ititcan
                                            canprovide
                                                  provideonly  onlyreasonable
                                                                     reasonableassurance.
                                                                                      assurance.Projections
                                                                                                      Projectionsof   ofany
                                                                                                                          anyevaluation
                                                                                                                                evaluationof    ofeffectiveness
                                                                                                                                                   effectivenessto    tofuture
                                                                                                                                                                         future
 determined to be effective, it can provide only reasonable assurance. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods
 periodsare  aresubject
                  subjectto    tothe
                                  therisk
                                       riskthat
                                              thatthethecontrols
                                                           controlsmaymaybecome
                                                                             becomeinadequate
                                                                                         inadequatebecausebecauseof    ofchanges
                                                                                                                          changesininconditions,
                                                                                                                                           conditions,or   orthat
                                                                                                                                                              thatthe
                                                                                                                                                                    thedegree
                                                                                                                                                                         degree
 periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of
 ofcompliance
    compliancewith     withthethepolicies
                                   policiesor  orprocedures
                                                   proceduresmay    maydeteriorate.
                                                                           deteriorate.
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
The
 TheCompany’s
         Company’sassessment
                          assessmentand     andconclusion
                                                   conclusionon    onthetheeffectiveness
                                                                             effectivenessof    ofinternal
                                                                                                   internalcontrols
                                                                                                                controlsover
                                                                                                                           overfinancial
                                                                                                                                   financialreporting
                                                                                                                                               reportingexcludes
                                                                                                                                                            excludesthe  the
 The Company’s assessment and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting excludes the
controls,
 controls,policies
              policiesand  andprocedures
                                  proceduresof     ofApside-Advance
                                                       Apside-AdvanceSAS       SAS(Apside),
                                                                                      (Apside),the thecontrol
                                                                                                          controlof ofwhich
                                                                                                                       whichwas wasacquired
                                                                                                                                       acquiredon   onAugust
                                                                                                                                                       August28,  28,2025.
                                                                                                                                                                       2025.
 controls, policies and procedures of Apside-Advance SAS (Apside), the control of which was acquired on August 28, 2025.
Apside’s
 Apside’sresults
              resultssincesincethetheacquisition
                                       acquisitiondate    daterepresented
                                                                represented0.2%   0.2%of  ofrevenue
                                                                                             revenuefor   forthe
                                                                                                              theyear
                                                                                                                    yearended
                                                                                                                           endedSeptember
                                                                                                                                     September30,    30,2025
                                                                                                                                                          2025andand
 Apside’s results since the acquisition date represented 0.2% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2025 and
constituted
 constituted1.8% 1.8%of    oftotal
                               totalassets
                                      assetsas  asat  atSeptember
                                                          September30,   30,2025.
                                                                               2025.
 constituted 1.8% of total assets as at September 30, 2025.
Management,
 Management,under      underthe thesupervision
                                      supervisionof     ofand
                                                            andwith
                                                                  withthe
                                                                        theparticipation
                                                                              participationof  ofthe
                                                                                                  thePresident
                                                                                                        Presidentand  andChief
                                                                                                                             ChiefExecutive
                                                                                                                                      ExecutiveOfficer
                                                                                                                                                    Officeras aswell
                                                                                                                                                                 wellas asthe
                                                                                                                                                                            the
 Management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the
Executive
 ExecutiveVice-President
                Vice-Presidentand      andChief
                                              ChiefFinancial
                                                       FinancialOfficer,
                                                                    Officer,conducted
                                                                                conductedan   anassessment
                                                                                                   assessmentof      ofthe
                                                                                                                         theeffectiveness
                                                                                                                               effectivenessof    ofthe
                                                                                                                                                     theCompany’s
                                                                                                                                                          Company’sinternal
                                                                                                                                                                          internal
 Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control
 controloveroverfinancial
                   financialreporting
                                 reportingbasedbasedon    onthe
                                                              thecriteria
                                                                   criteriaestablished
                                                                              establishedininInternal
                                                                                                 InternalControl
                                                                                                             Control--Integrated         Framework(2013)
                                                                                                                          IntegratedFramework             (2013)issued
                                                                                                                                                                   issuedby  by
 control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the
 theCommittee
        Committeeof     ofSponsoring
                            SponsoringOrganizations
                                             Organizationsof       ofthe
                                                                      theTreadway
                                                                            TreadwayCommission
                                                                                          Commission(COSO). (COSO).Based  Basedon    onthis
                                                                                                                                        thisassessment,
                                                                                                                                               assessment,management
                                                                                                                                                                management
 the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management
has
 hasdetermined
        determinedthe    theCompany’s
                               Company’sinternalinternalcontrol
                                                             controlover
                                                                       overfinancial
                                                                              financialreporting
                                                                                          reportingas   asatatSeptember
                                                                                                                September30,    30,2025
                                                                                                                                      2025was waseffective.
                                                                                                                                                    effective.
 has determined the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2025 was effective.
The
 Theeffectiveness
         effectivenessof     ofthe
                                theCompany’s
                                      Company’sinternal internalcontrol
                                                                   controlover
                                                                             overfinancial
                                                                                    financialreporting
                                                                                                reportingas   asof ofSeptember
                                                                                                                      September30,     30,2025
                                                                                                                                            2025has hasbeen
                                                                                                                                                         beenaudited
                                                                                                                                                                 auditedby  by
 The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers
 PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP,            LLP,an  anIndependent
                                                    IndependentRegistered
                                                                       RegisteredPublicPublicAccounting
                                                                                                AccountingFirm,  Firm,as asstated
                                                                                                                              statedinintheir
                                                                                                                                          theirreport
                                                                                                                                                  reportwhich
                                                                                                                                                          whichappears
                                                                                                                                                                   appears
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, as stated in their report which appears
herein.
 herein.
 herein.




/s/
 /s/François
     FrançoisBoulanger
              Boulanger                                   /s/
                                                           /s/Steve
                                                               StevePerron
                                                                     Perron
 /s/ François Boulanger                                    /s/ Steve Perron
François
 FrançoisBoulanger
           Boulanger                                      Steve
                                                           StevePerron
                                                                  Perron
 François
President  Boulanger
 Presidentand
           and Chief
                ChiefExecutive
                      ExecutiveOfficer
                               Officer                     Steve  Perron
                                                          Executive
                                                           ExecutiveVice-President
                                                                     Vice-Presidentand
                                                                                    andChief
                                                                                        ChiefFinancial
                                                                                              FinancialOfficer
                                                                                                        Officer
 President and Chief Executive Officer                     Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
November
 November4,4,2025
              2025
 November 4, 2025




CGI
 CGIInc.
     Inc.––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                   Statementsfor
                                              forthe
                                                  theyears
                                                      yearsended
                                                            endedSeptember
                                                                  September30,
                                                                            30,2025
                                                                                2025and
                                                                                     and2024
                                                                                         2024                                                                                   22
 CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                                    2
76 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditor’s
                 Auditor’s Reports
                           Reports
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Inc.
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CGI Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CGI Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of
September 30, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of changes in
September 30, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of changes in
equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025,
financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025,
based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years
position of the Company as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years
then ended in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
then ended in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
Board. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
as of September 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
as of September 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
COSO.
COSO.
Basis for Opinions
Basis for Opinions
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included
in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are quired to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects.
all material respects.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                       3
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                       3
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 77

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditor’s
                 Auditor’s Reports
                           Reports
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (continued)
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (continued)
Basis for Opinions (continued)
Basis for Opinions (continued)
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
As described in the Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Apside-
As described in the Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Apside-
Advance SAS (Apside) from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025, because it
Advance SAS (Apside) from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025, because it
was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination on August 28, 2025. We have also excluded Apside from
was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination on August 28, 2025. We have also excluded Apside from
our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Apside is a wholly owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues
our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Apside is a wholly owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues
excluded from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 1.8% and 0.2%,
excluded from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 1.8% and 0.2%,
respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2025.
respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2025.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and that (i)
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and that (i)
relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially
relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                        4
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                        4
78 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditor’s
                 Auditor’s Reports
                           Reports
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (continued)
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (continued)
Critical Audit Matters (continued)
Critical Audit Matters (continued)
Revenue Recognition - Estimates of total expected labour costs for business and strategic information technology (IT)
Revenue Recognition - Estimates of total expected labour costs for business and strategic information technology (IT)
consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements
consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements
As described in notes 3 and 29 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue for business and
As described in notes 3 and 29 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue for business and
strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements using the percentage-of-completion
strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements using the percentage-of-completion
method over time. For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue under fixed-fee arrangements makes up a portion of the
method over time. For the year ended September 30, 2025, revenue under fixed-fee arrangements makes up a portion of the
Company’s business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services revenues of $7,091,810,000. The selection
Company’s business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services revenues of $7,091,810,000. The selection
of the measure of progress towards completion requires management’s judgement and is based on the nature of the services
of the measure of progress towards completion requires management’s judgement and is based on the nature of the services
to be provided. As disclosed by management, the Company relies on estimates of total expected labour costs, which are
to be provided. As disclosed by management, the Company relies on estimates of total expected labour costs, which are
compared to labour costs incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the progress to completion which determines the
compared to labour costs incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the progress to completion which determines the
percentage of revenue earned to date. Management regularly reviews underlying estimates of total expected labour costs.
percentage of revenue earned to date. Management regularly reviews underlying estimates of total expected labour costs.
Management has disclosed that there are many factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs, including,
Management has disclosed that there are many factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs, including,
but not limited to, changes in scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones, and complexities in project delivery.
but not limited to, changes in scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones, and complexities in project delivery.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to Revenue Recognition – Estimates of
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to Revenue Recognition – Estimates of
total expected labour costs for business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee
total expected labour costs for business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee
arrangements is a critical audit matter are (i) there was significant judgement by management when developing the estimates
arrangements is a critical audit matter are (i) there was significant judgement by management when developing the estimates
of total expected labour costs; and (ii) there was auditor judgement and effort in performing procedures to evaluate the
of total expected labour costs; and (ii) there was auditor judgement and effort in performing procedures to evaluate the
estimates of total expected labour costs, including the assessment of management’s judgement about the Company’s ability to
estimates of total expected labour costs, including the assessment of management’s judgement about the Company’s ability to
properly assess the factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs.
properly assess the factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to
the revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of estimates of total expected labour costs. These
the revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of estimates of total expected labour costs. These
procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management’s process, on a sample basis, for determining
procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management’s process, on a sample basis, for determining
the estimates of total expected labour costs determined by management by (i) testing total labour costs incurred to supporting
the estimates of total expected labour costs determined by management by (i) testing total labour costs incurred to supporting
evidence; (ii) performing a comparison of the sum of total labour costs incurred and the total expected labour costs to complete
evidence; (ii) performing a comparison of the sum of total labour costs incurred and the total expected labour costs to complete
to the originally estimated costs; and (iii) evaluating the process of the timely identification of factors that can affect the total
to the originally estimated costs; and (iii) evaluating the process of the timely identification of factors that can affect the total
expected labour costs including, but not limited to, changes to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones, and
expected labour costs including, but not limited to, changes to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones, and
complexities in project delivery.
complexities in project delivery.




/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Montréal,Canada
Montréal,Canada
November 4, 2025
November 4, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2019.
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2019.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                       5
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                       5
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 79

Consolidated Statements of Earnings
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


                                                                                          Notes
                                                                                          Notes           2025
                                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                             $
                                                                                                             $                 $
                                                                                                                               $
Revenue
Revenue                                                                                        29
                                                                                               29   15,912,673
                                                                                                    15,912,673        14,676,152
                                                                                                                      14,676,152
Operating
Operating expenses
           expenses
  Costs of
  Costs  of services,
            services, selling
                      selling and
                              and administrative
                                  administrative                                               23
                                                                                               23   13,301,045
                                                                                                    13,301,045        12,259,730
                                                                                                                      12,259,730
  Restructuring, acquisition and
  Restructuring,  acquisition and related
                                  related integration
                                          integration costs
                                                      costs                                    25
                                                                                               25      285,031
                                                                                                       285,031            96,929
                                                                                                                          96,929
  Net finance  costs
  Net finance costs                                                                            26
                                                                                               26       83,692
                                                                                                        83,692            27,889
                                                                                                                          27,889
  Net
  Net foreign
      foreign exchange
              exchange loss
                          loss                                                                             715
                                                                                                           715               653
                                                                                                                             653
                                                                                                    13,670,483
                                                                                                    13,670,483        12,385,201
                                                                                                                      12,385,201
Earnings
Earnings before
          before income
                 income taxes
                         taxes                                                                       2,242,190
                                                                                                     2,242,190         2,290,951
                                                                                                                       2,290,951
Income  tax expense
Income tax expense                                                                             16
                                                                                               16      583,905
                                                                                                       583,905           598,236
                                                                                                                         598,236
Net earnings
Net  earnings                                                                                        1,658,285
                                                                                                     1,658,285         1,692,715
                                                                                                                       1,692,715
Earnings per
Earnings   per share
               share
Basic earnings per
Basic  earnings per share
                    share                                                                      21
                                                                                               21         7.45
                                                                                                          7.45              7.42
                                                                                                                            7.42
Diluted earnings per
Diluted earnings  per share
                      share                                                                    21
                                                                                               21         7.35
                                                                                                          7.35              7.31
                                                                                                                            7.31

See Notes
See Notes to
          to the
             the Consolidated
                 Consolidated Financial
                              Financial Statements.
                                        Statements.




CGI Inc.
CGI Inc. –
         – Consolidated
           Consolidated Financial
                        Financial Statements
                                  Statements for
                                             for the
                                                 the years
                                                     years ended
                                                           ended September
                                                                 September 30,
                                                                           30, 2025
                                                                               2025 and
                                                                                    and 2024
                                                                                        2024                                   6
                                                                                                                               6
80 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                                   2025
                                                                                                                   2025         2024
                                                                                                                                2024
                                                                                                                      $
                                                                                                                      $            $
                                                                                                                                   $
Net
Net earnings
    earnings                                                                                                  1,658,285
                                                                                                              1,658,285    1,692,715
                                                                                                                           1,692,715
Items that
Items  that will
            will be
                 be reclassified
                    reclassified subsequently
                                   subsequently toto net
                                                     net earnings
                                                          earnings (net
                                                                    (net of
                                                                          of income
                                                                             income taxes):
                                                                                      taxes):
   Net  unrealized   gains  on  translating financial statements    of foreign  operations
   Net unrealized gains on translating financial statements of foreign operations                              692,721
                                                                                                               692,721      361,938
                                                                                                                            361,938
   Net losses
   Net  losses on
                on cross-currency
                   cross-currency swaps
                                      swaps and
                                              and on
                                                  on translating
                                                      translating long-term
                                                                   long-term debt
                                                                                debt designated
                                                                                     designated asas hedges
                                                                                                     hedges
    of net
    of  net investments
            investments in in foreign
                              foreign operations
                                       operations                                                              (153,352)
                                                                                                               (153,352)     (63,308)
                                                                                                                             (63,308)
   Deferred (costs)
   Deferred   (costs) gains
                       gains of
                              of hedging
                                  hedging on
                                           on cross-currency
                                              cross-currency swaps
                                                                swaps                                            (1,901)
                                                                                                                 (1,901)       5,490
                                                                                                                               5,490
   Net  unrealized   losses  on   cash flow
   Net unrealized losses on cash flow hedgeshedges                                                              (27,429)
                                                                                                                (27,429)     (18,454)
                                                                                                                             (18,454)
   Net unrealized
   Net  unrealized gains
                     gains on
                            on financial
                                financial assets
                                          assets at
                                                 at fair
                                                    fair value
                                                          value through
                                                                through other
                                                                          other comprehensive
                                                                                  comprehensive income
                                                                                                  income          1,881
                                                                                                                  1,881        5,859
                                                                                                                               5,859
Items  that will not  be reclassified  subsequently    to net earnings   (net  of income
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):   taxes):
   Net remeasurement
   Net  remeasurement gainsgains onon defined
                                      defined benefit
                                               benefit plans
                                                        plans                                                    39,171
                                                                                                                 39,171          753
                                                                                                                                 753
Other  comprehensive
Other comprehensive incomeincome                                                                                551,091
                                                                                                                551,091      292,278
                                                                                                                             292,278
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive        income                                                                                   2,209,376
                                                                                                              2,209,376    1,984,993
                                                                                                                           1,984,993
See
See Notes
    Notes to
          to the
             the Consolidated
                 Consolidated Financial
                              Financial Statements.
                                        Statements.




CGI
CGI Inc.
    Inc. –
         – Consolidated
           Consolidated Financial
                        Financial Statements
                                  Statements for
                                             for the
                                                 the years
                                                     years ended
                                                           ended September
                                                                 September 30,
                                                                           30, 2025
                                                                               2025 and
                                                                                    and 2024
                                                                                        2024                                       7
                                                                                                                                   7
                                                                                                                              FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 81

Consolidated
Consolidated Balance
             Balance Sheets
                     Sheets
For
 For the
       the years
           years ended
                 ended September
                        September 3030
(in
 (in thousands
      thousands ofof Canadian
                     Canadian dollars)
                              dollars)


                                                                                                          Notes
                                                                                                          Notes
                                                                                                          Notes                     2025
                                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                                                     2025          2024
                                                                                                                                                    2024
                                                                                                                                                    2024
                                                                                                                                       $$
                                                                                                                                        $             $$
                                                                                                                                                       $
 Assets
  Assets
  Assets
 Current
  Current
  Currentassets
           assets
           assets
    Cash
     Cashand
     Cash  and
           andcashcash
                  cashequivalents
                        equivalents
                        equivalents                                                                     28e
                                                                                                         28eand
                                                                                                         28e and32
                                                                                                             and 32
                                                                                                                 32             864,209
                                                                                                                                 864,209
                                                                                                                                 864,209       1,461,145
                                                                                                                                                1,461,145
                                                                                                                                                1,461,145
    Accounts
     Accounts
     Accountsreceivable
                 receivable
                 receivable                                                                              44
                                                                                                          4and
                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                            and32
                                                                                                                32
                                                                                                                32             1,613,777
                                                                                                                              1,613,777
                                                                                                                               1,613,777        1,398,402
                                                                                                                                               1,398,402
                                                                                                                                                1,398,402
     Workinin
    Work
     Work  inprogress
              progress
              progress                                                                                                         1,367,989
                                                                                                                              1,367,989
                                                                                                                               1,367,989        1,208,095
                                                                                                                                               1,208,095
                                                                                                                                                1,208,095
     Currentfinancial
    Current
     Current  financialassets
              financial   assets
                          assets                                                                             32
                                                                                                            32
                                                                                                             32                    6,167
                                                                                                                                  6,167
                                                                                                                                   6,167            8,334
                                                                                                                                                   8,334
                                                                                                                                                    8,334
     Prepaidexpenses
    Prepaid
     Prepaid   expensesand
               expenses    andother
                           and  othercurrent
                                other currentassets
                                      current assets
                                              assets                                                                             193,896
                                                                                                                                193,896
                                                                                                                                 193,896          211,279
                                                                                                                                                 211,279
                                                                                                                                                  211,279
     Incometaxes
    Income
     Income   taxes
              taxes                                                                                                               28,705
                                                                                                                                 28,705
                                                                                                                                  28,705           23,271
                                                                                                                                                  23,271
                                                                                                                                                   23,271
  Totalcurrent
 Total
  Total currentassets
        current   assetsbefore
                  assets  beforefunds
                          before fundsheld
                                 funds  heldfor
                                        held forclients
                                             for clients
                                                 clients                                                                       4,074,743
                                                                                                                              4,074,743
                                                                                                                               4,074,743        4,310,526
                                                                                                                                               4,310,526
                                                                                                                                                4,310,526
     Fundsheld
    Funds
     Funds  heldfor
            held   forclients
                   for clients
                       clients                                                                               5
                                                                                                            55                   978,436
                                                                                                                                978,436
                                                                                                                                 978,436          506,780
                                                                                                                                                 506,780
                                                                                                                                                  506,780
  Totalcurrent
 Total
  Total currentassets
        current   assets
                  assets                                                                                                       5,053,179
                                                                                                                              5,053,179
                                                                                                                               5,053,179        4,817,306
                                                                                                                                               4,817,306
                                                                                                                                                4,817,306
  Property,plant
 Property,
  Property,  plantand
             plant  andequipment
                    and  equipment
                         equipment                                                                          666                  377,900
                                                                                                                                377,900
                                                                                                                                 377,900          366,823
                                                                                                                                                 366,823
                                                                                                                                                  366,823
  Right-of-useassets
 Right-of-use
  Right-of-use    assets
                  assets                                                                                    777                  541,987
                                                                                                                                541,987
                                                                                                                                 541,987          466,115
                                                                                                                                                 466,115
                                                                                                                                                  466,115
  Contractcosts
 Contract
  Contract  costs
            costs                                                                                           888                  370,932
                                                                                                                                370,932
                                                                                                                                 370,932          344,029
                                                                                                                                                 344,029
                                                                                                                                                  344,029
  Intangibleassets
 Intangible
  Intangible  assets
              assets                                                                                        999                  888,006
                                                                                                                                888,006
                                                                                                                                 888,006          718,575
                                                                                                                                                 718,575
                                                                                                                                                  718,575
  Otherlong-term
 Other
  Other  long-termassets
         long-term   assets
                     assets                                                                                  10
                                                                                                            10
                                                                                                             10                  143,320
                                                                                                                                143,320
                                                                                                                                 143,320          110,440
                                                                                                                                                 110,440
                                                                                                                                                  110,440
  Long-termfinancial
 Long-term
  Long-term   financialassets
              financial   assets
                          assets                                                                             11
                                                                                                            11
                                                                                                             11                  162,438
                                                                                                                                162,438
                                                                                                                                 162,438          149,237
                                                                                                                                                 149,237
                                                                                                                                                  149,237
  Deferredtax
 Deferred
  Deferred  taxassets
            tax   assets
                  assets                                                                                     16
                                                                                                            16
                                                                                                             16                  239,284
                                                                                                                                239,284
                                                                                                                                 239,284          242,567
                                                                                                                                                 242,567
                                                                                                                                                  242,567
  Goodwill
 Goodwill
  Goodwill                                                                                                   12
                                                                                                            12
                                                                                                             12               11,744,782
                                                                                                                             11,744,782
                                                                                                                              11,744,782        9,470,376
                                                                                                                                               9,470,376
                                                                                                                                                9,470,376
                                                                                                                              19,521,828
                                                                                                                             19,521,828
                                                                                                                              19,521,828       16,685,468
                                                                                                                                              16,685,468
                                                                                                                                               16,685,468

  Liabilities
 Liabilities
  Liabilities
  Currentliabilities
 Current
  Current  liabilities
           liabilities
     Accountspayable
    Accounts
     Accounts    payableand
                 payable     andaccrued
                             and  accruedliabilities
                                  accrued     liabilities
                                              liabilities                                                                       1,014,834
                                                                                                                               1,014,834
                                                                                                                                1,014,834         999,790
                                                                                                                                                 999,790
                                                                                                                                                  999,790
     Accruedcompensation
    Accrued
     Accrued    compensationand
                compensation       andemployee-related
                                   and   employee-relatedliabilities
                                         employee-related       liabilities
                                                                liabilities                                                     1,269,767
                                                                                                                               1,269,767
                                                                                                                                1,269,767       1,165,903
                                                                                                                                               1,165,903
                                                                                                                                                1,165,903
     Deferredrevenue
    Deferred
     Deferred   revenue
                revenue                                                                                                           577,286
                                                                                                                                 577,286
                                                                                                                                  577,286         536,788
                                                                                                                                                 536,788
                                                                                                                                                  536,788
     Incometaxes
    Income
     Income   taxes
              taxes                                                                                                                79,333
                                                                                                                                  79,333
                                                                                                                                   79,333         150,300
                                                                                                                                                 150,300
                                                                                                                                                  150,300
     Currentportion
    Current
     Current   portionof
               portion   oflong-term
                         of long-termdebt
                            long-term    debt
                                         debt                                                                14
                                                                                                            14
                                                                                                             14                   845,253
                                                                                                                                 845,253
                                                                                                                                  845,253             999
                                                                                                                                                     999
                                                                                                                                                      999
     Currentportion
    Current
     Current   portionof
               portion   oflease
                         of leaseliabilities
                            lease   liabilities
                                    liabilities                                                                                   173,071
                                                                                                                                 173,071
                                                                                                                                  173,071         150,252
                                                                                                                                                 150,252
                                                                                                                                                  150,252
     Provisions
    Provisions
     Provisions                                                                                              13
                                                                                                            13
                                                                                                             13                   144,331
                                                                                                                                 144,331
                                                                                                                                  144,331          27,471
                                                                                                                                                  27,471
                                                                                                                                                   27,471
     Currentderivative
    Current
     Current   derivativefinancial
               derivative    financialinstruments
                             financial  instruments
                                        instruments                                                          32
                                                                                                            32
                                                                                                             32                    24,622
                                                                                                                                  24,622
                                                                                                                                   24,622          13,073
                                                                                                                                                  13,073
                                                                                                                                                   13,073
  Totalcurrent
 Total
  Total currentliabilities
        current   liabilitiesbefore
                  liabilities  beforeclients’
                               before  clients’funds
                                       clients’  fundsobligations
                                                 funds    obligations
                                                          obligations                                                           4,128,497
                                                                                                                               4,128,497
                                                                                                                                4,128,497       3,044,576
                                                                                                                                               3,044,576
                                                                                                                                                3,044,576
     Clients’funds
    Clients’
     Clients’ fundsobligations
              funds    obligations
                       obligations                                                                                                973,673
                                                                                                                                 973,673
                                                                                                                                  973,673         504,515
                                                                                                                                                 504,515
                                                                                                                                                  504,515
  Totalcurrent
 Total
  Total currentliabilities
        current   liabilities
                  liabilities                                                                                                   5,102,170
                                                                                                                               5,102,170
                                                                                                                                5,102,170       3,549,091
                                                                                                                                               3,549,091
                                                                                                                                                3,549,091
  Long-termdebt
 Long-term
  Long-term    debt
               debt                                                                                          14
                                                                                                            14
                                                                                                             14                 2,792,582
                                                                                                                               2,792,582
                                                                                                                                2,792,582       2,687,309
                                                                                                                                               2,687,309
                                                                                                                                                2,687,309
  Long-termlease
 Long-term
  Long-term    leaseliabilities
               lease   liabilities
                       liabilities                                                                                                520,413
                                                                                                                                 520,413
                                                                                                                                  520,413         469,843
                                                                                                                                                 469,843
                                                                                                                                                  469,843
  Long-termprovisions
 Long-term
  Long-term    provisions
               provisions                                                                                    13
                                                                                                            13
                                                                                                             13                    39,665
                                                                                                                                  39,665
                                                                                                                                   39,665          18,951
                                                                                                                                                  18,951
                                                                                                                                                   18,951
  Otherlong-term
 Other
  Other  long-termliabilities
         long-term    liabilities
                      liabilities                                                                            15
                                                                                                            15
                                                                                                             15                   341,173
                                                                                                                                 341,173
                                                                                                                                  341,173         301,082
                                                                                                                                                 301,082
                                                                                                                                                  301,082
  Long-termderivative
 Long-term
  Long-term    derivativefinancial
               derivative    financialinstruments
                             financial  instruments
                                        instruments                                                          32
                                                                                                            32
                                                                                                             32                   173,105
                                                                                                                                 173,105
                                                                                                                                  173,105          19,704
                                                                                                                                                  19,704
                                                                                                                                                   19,704
  Deferredtax
 Deferred
  Deferred   taxliabilities
             tax  liabilities
                  liabilities                                                                                16
                                                                                                            16
                                                                                                             16                    71,673
                                                                                                                                  71,673
                                                                                                                                   71,673          21,132
                                                                                                                                                  21,132
                                                                                                                                                   21,132
  Retirementbenefits
 Retirement
  Retirement    benefitsobligations
                benefits    obligations
                            obligations                                                                      17
                                                                                                            17
                                                                                                             17                   198,715
                                                                                                                                 198,715
                                                                                                                                  198,715         190,366
                                                                                                                                                 190,366
                                                                                                                                                  190,366
                                                                                                                                9,239,496
                                                                                                                               9,239,496
                                                                                                                                9,239,496       7,257,478
                                                                                                                                               7,257,478
                                                                                                                                                7,257,478
  Equity
 Equity
  Equity
  Retainedearnings
 Retained
  Retained  earnings
            earnings                                                                                                           7,428,172
                                                                                                                              7,428,172
                                                                                                                               7,428,172        7,129,370
                                                                                                                                               7,129,370
                                                                                                                                                7,129,370
 Accumulatedother
 Accumulated
 Accumulated    othercomprehensive
                other comprehensiveincome
                      comprehensive income
                                    income                                                                   18
                                                                                                            18
                                                                                                             18                1,002,344
                                                                                                                              1,002,344
                                                                                                                               1,002,344          451,253
                                                                                                                                                 451,253
                                                                                                                                                  451,253
  Capitalstock
 Capital
  Capital stock
          stock                                                                                              19
                                                                                                            19
                                                                                                             19                1,499,917
                                                                                                                              1,499,917
                                                                                                                               1,499,917        1,470,333
                                                                                                                                               1,470,333
                                                                                                                                                1,470,333
  Contributedsurplus
 Contributed
  Contributed  surplus
               surplus                                                                                                           351,899
                                                                                                                                351,899
                                                                                                                                 351,899          377,034
                                                                                                                                                 377,034
                                                                                                                                                  377,034
                                                                                                                              10,282,332
                                                                                                                             10,282,332
                                                                                                                              10,282,332        9,427,990
                                                                                                                                               9,427,990
                                                                                                                                                9,427,990
                                                                                                                              19,521,828
                                                                                                                             19,521,828
                                                                                                                              19,521,828       16,685,468
                                                                                                                                              16,685,468
                                                                                                                                               16,685,468

See
See
SeeNotes
    Notes
    Notesto
          to
          tothe
             the
             theConsolidated
                 Consolidated
                 ConsolidatedFinancial
                              Financial
                              FinancialStatements.
                                        Statements.
                                        Statements.




                                                                              /s/
                                                                               /s/François
                                                                               /s/ FrançoisBoulanger
                                                                                   François Boulanger
                                                                                            Boulanger                  /s/
                                                                                                                        /s/Julie
                                                                                                                        /s/ JulieGodin
                                                                                                                            Julie Godin
                                                                                                                                  Godin
Approved
Approvedby
Approved bythe
         by theBoard
            the Boardof
                Board ofDirectors
                      of Directors
                         Directors                                            François
                                                                              FrançoisBoulanger
                                                                              François  Boulanger
                                                                                        Boulanger                     Julie
                                                                                                                       JulieGodin
                                                                                                                       Julie  Godin
                                                                                                                              Godin
                                                                              Director
                                                                              Director
                                                                              Director                                Director
                                                                                                                       Director
                                                                                                                       Director




CGIInc.
CGI
CGI Inc.––
    Inc. –Consolidated
           ConsolidatedFinancial
           Consolidated FinancialStatements
                        Financial Statementsfor
                                  Statements forthe
                                             for theyears
                                                 the yearsended
                                                     years ended September30,
                                                           endedSeptember
                                                                 September 30, 2025and
                                                                           30,2025
                                                                               2025 and 2024
                                                                                    and2024
                                                                                        2024                                                            8
                                                                                                                                                       88
82 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                    other
                                                                                   Retained comprehensive         Capital   Contributed         Total
                                                                        Notes      earnings       income           stock       surplus         equity
                                                                                           $              $            $             $             $
Balance as at September 30, 2024                                                 7,129,370         451,253     1,470,333      377,034      9,427,990
Net earnings                                                                     1,658,285              —             —            —       1,658,285
Other comprehensive income                                                              —          551,091            —            —         551,091
Comprehensive income                                                             1,658,285         551,091            —            —       2,209,376
Share-based payment costs                                                               —               —             —        68,636         68,636
Income tax impact associated with share-based payments                                  —               —             —        (3,712)        (3,712)
Exercise of stock options                                                19             —               —         74,319      (12,330)        61,989
Settlement of performance share units                                    19        (21,209)             —         46,050      (77,729)       (52,888)
Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares
  and related tax                                                        19     (1,203,222)              —       (77,462)          —      (1,280,684)
Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts             19             —                —       (13,323)          —         (13,323)
Cash dividends declared                                                  19       (135,052)              —            —            —        (135,052)
Balance as at September 30, 2025                                                 7,428,172        1,002,344    1,499,917      351,899     10,282,332


                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                                       other
                                                                                    Retained   comprehensive      Capital   Contributed         Total
                                                                        Notes       earnings         income        stock       surplus         equity
                                                                                           $              $            $             $             $
Balance as at September 30, 2023                                                 6,329,107         158,975     1,477,180      345,032      8,310,294
Net earnings                                                                     1,692,715              —             —            —       1,692,715
Other comprehensive income                                                              —          292,278            —            —         292,278
Comprehensive income                                                             1,692,715         292,278            —            —       1,984,993
Share-based payment costs                                                               —               —                      67,840         67,840
Income tax impact associated with share-based payments                                  —               —            —          9,735          9,735
Exercise of stock options                                                19             —               —        91,800       (15,265)        76,535
Settlement of performance share units                                    19            823              —        14,078       (30,308)       (15,407)
Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares
 and related tax                                                         19       (893,275)             —        (45,878)          —        (939,153)
Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts             19             —               —        (66,847)          —         (66,847)
Balance as at September 30, 2024                                                 7,129,370         451,253     1,470,333      377,034      9,427,990

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                        9
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 83

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                 Notes
                                                                                                 Notes             2025
                                                                                                                   2025          2024
                                                                                                                                 2024
                                                                                                                      $
                                                                                                                      $             $
                                                                                                                                    $
 Operating
 Operating activities
             activities
 Net earnings
 Net earnings                                                                                                 1,658,285
                                                                                                              1,658,285     1,692,715
                                                                                                                            1,692,715
 Adjustments
 Adjustments for:
               for:
  Amortization,
  Amortization, depreciation
                  depreciation and
                                and impairment
                                     impairment                                                   24
                                                                                                  24            614,266
                                                                                                                614,266       536,859
                                                                                                                              536,859
  Deferred income tax expense (recovery)
  Deferred   income   tax expense   (recovery)                                                    16
                                                                                                  16                626
                                                                                                                    626      (146,100)
                                                                                                                             (146,100)
  Net
  Net foreign
       foreign exchange
                exchange loss
                           loss (gain)
                                (gain)                                                                           12,139
                                                                                                                 12,139       (11,043)
                                                                                                                              (11,043)
  Share-based
  Share-based payment costs
                  payment   costs                                                                                68,636
                                                                                                                 68,636        67,840
                                                                                                                               67,840
  Gain
  Gain on
        on sale
            sale of
                 of property,
                    property, plant
                              plant and
                                     and equipment
                                           equipment and
                                                     and on
                                                         on lease
                                                            lease terminations
                                                                  terminations                                     (712)
                                                                                                                   (712)         (284)
                                                                                                                                 (284)
 Net change   in non-cash   working  capital items and others
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others                                          28a
                                                                                                  28a          (119,043)
                                                                                                               (119,043)       64,996
                                                                                                                               64,996
 Cash
 Cash provided
       provided by
                 by operating
                     operating activities
                                activities                                                                    2,234,197
                                                                                                              2,234,197     2,204,983
                                                                                                                            2,204,983

 Investing
 Investing activities
             activities
 Net change
 Net change in in short-term
                  short-term investments
                               investments                                                                       24,807
                                                                                                                 24,807        59,053
                                                                                                                               59,053
 Business acquisitions (net
 Business  acquisitions    (net of
                                 of cash
                                    cash acquired)
                                           acquired)                                              27
                                                                                                  27         (1,829,965)
                                                                                                             (1,829,965)     (380,313)
                                                                                                                             (380,313)
 Settlement
 Settlement of acquisition-related liabilities
              of  acquisition-related   liabilities                                                             (12,139)
                                                                                                                (12,139)           —
                                                                                                                                   —
 Loan
 Loan receivable
       receivable                                                                                                 9,915
                                                                                                                  9,915         7,508
                                                                                                                                7,508
 Purchase
 Purchase ofof property,
                property, plant
                           plant and
                                  and equipment
                                       equipment                                                               (116,611)
                                                                                                               (116,611)     (109,733)
                                                                                                                             (109,733)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant
 Proceeds   from   sale of  property,  plant and
                                              and equipment
                                                    equipment                                                     1,295
                                                                                                                  1,295         5,732
                                                                                                                                5,732
 Additions to  contract  costs
 Additions to contract costs                                                                                    (98,545)
                                                                                                                (98,545)      (97,059)
                                                                                                                              (97,059)
 Additions
 Additions to
           to intangible
               intangible assets
                           assets                                                                              (153,285)
                                                                                                               (153,285)     (153,907)
                                                                                                                             (153,907)
 Purchase
 Purchase of long-term
            of  long-term investments
                            investments                                                                        (119,010)
                                                                                                               (119,010)     (161,842)
                                                                                                                             (161,842)
 Proceeds from
 Proceeds   from sale
                   sale of
                        of long-term
                            long-term investments
                                        investments                                                              92,956
                                                                                                                 92,956        55,177
                                                                                                                               55,177
 Cash
 Cash used
       used inin investing
                 investing activities
                             activities                                                                      (2,200,582)
                                                                                                             (2,200,582)     (775,384)
                                                                                                                             (775,384)

 Financing
 Financing activities
             activities
 Increase
 Increase of
          of long-term
             long-term debt
                          debt                                                                    28c
                                                                                                  28c           923,922
                                                                                                                923,922       747,073
                                                                                                                              747,073
 Repayment of
 Repayment    of long-term
                  long-term debt
                               debt                                                               28c
                                                                                                  28c                —
                                                                                                                     —     (1,154,878)
                                                                                                                           (1,154,878)
 Settlement of
 Settlement  of derivative
                 derivative financial
                              financial instruments
                                        instruments                                            28c and
                                                                                               28c and 32
                                                                                                       32            —
                                                                                                                     —         38,943
                                                                                                                               38,943
 Payment
 Payment of
          of lease
              lease liabilities
                     liabilities                                                                  28c
                                                                                                  28c          (177,465)
                                                                                                               (177,465)     (146,762)
                                                                                                                             (146,762)
 Repayment
 Repayment of of debt
                  debt assumed
                        assumed fromfrom business
                                          business acquisitions
                                                   acquisitions                                   28c
                                                                                                  28c           (47,953)
                                                                                                                (47,953)     (162,146)
                                                                                                                             (162,146)
 Purchase for cancellation of Class A
 Purchase  for  cancellation    of Class  A subordinate
                                            subordinate voting
                                                        voting shares
                                                                 shares and
                                                                        and related
                                                                            related tax
                                                                                    tax            19
                                                                                                   19        (1,274,530)
                                                                                                             (1,274,530)     (934,765)
                                                                                                                             (934,765)
 Issuance of  Class   A  subordinate   voting
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares shares                                                            62,001
                                                                                                                 62,001        76,523
                                                                                                                               76,523
 Purchase
 Purchase of
           of Class
               Class A A subordinate
                         subordinate voting
                                        voting shares
                                               shares held
                                                      held in
                                                            in trusts
                                                               trusts                             19
                                                                                                  19            (13,323)
                                                                                                                (13,323)      (66,847)
                                                                                                                              (66,847)
 Withholding
 Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of performance share
               taxes  remitted   on  the net settlement of performance   share units
                                                                                units             19
                                                                                                  19            (52,888)      (15,407)
 Cash dividends paid                                                                              19
                                                                                                  19           (135,052)           —
 Net change in clients' funds obligations                                                                       468,623        10,609
 Cash used in financing activities                                                                             (246,665)   (1,607,657)
 Effect
 Effect of
        of foreign
           foreign exchange
                   exchange rate
                            rate changes
                                 changes on
                                         on cash,
                                            cash, cash
                                                  cash equivalents
                                                       equivalents and
                                                                     and cash
                                                                         cash included
                                                                              included in
                                                                                       in
   funds
   funds held
          held for
               for clients
                   clients                                                                                       87,033
                                                                                                                 87,033        34,704
                                                                                                                               34,704
 Net
 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients                            (126,017)     (143,354)
 Cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients, beginning of year                        1,694,729     1,838,083
 Cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients, end of year                              1,568,712     1,694,729


 Cash composition:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     864,209      1,461,145
 Cash included in funds held for clients                                                           5
                                                                                                   5           704,503
                                                                                                               704,503        233,584
                                                                                                                              233,584
Supplementary cash
Supplementary cash flow
                   flow information
                        information (Note
                                    (Note 28).
                                          28).

See Notes
See Notes to
          to the
             the Consolidated
                 Consolidated Financial
                              Financial Statements.
                                        Statements.




CGI Inc.
CGI Inc. –
         – Consolidated
           Consolidated Financial
                        Financial Statements
                                  Statements for
                                             for the
                                                 the years
                                                     years ended
                                                           ended September
                                                                 September 30,
                                                                           30, 2025
                                                                               2025 and
                                                                                    and 2024
                                                                                        2024                                       10
                                                                                                                                   10
84 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


1.      Description of business

CGI Inc. (the Company), directly or through its subsidiaries, provides managed information technology (IT) and business
process services, business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services, and intellectual property (IP) business
solutions to help clients effectively realize their strategies and create added value. The Company was incorporated under Part
IA of the Companies Act (Québec), predecessor to the Business Corporations Act (Québec) which came into force on February
14, 2011 and its Class A subordinate voting shares are publicly traded. The executive and registered office of the Company is
situated at 1350 René-Lévesque Blvd. West, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3G 1T4.

2.      Basis of preparation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards).
The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 were authorized for
issue by the Board of Directors on November 4, 2025.

3.      Summary of material accounting policies

CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICY - PRESENTATION OF CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company combined the previously reported Acquisition-related and
integration costs and the Cost optimization program into one operating expenses line called Restructuring, acquisition and
related integration costs. Comparative figures were combined to align with the new presentation with no other impact on the
consolidated financial statements.
During the year ended September 30, 2025, as part of Costs of services, selling and administrative, the Company reclassified
Contracted labour costs, which were previously reported within Professional fees and other contracted labour costs, to
Salaries, other employee costs and contracted labour costs. Comparative figures were reclassified to conform with the current
period presentation, with no other impact on the consolidated financial statements.

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated on consolidation.
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The Company controls an entity when it is exposed or has right to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the relevant
activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and continue to be consolidated until the
date control over the subsidiaries ceases.

BASIS OF MEASUREMENT
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and
liabilities, which have been measured at fair value as described below.

USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements and estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity and the accompanying disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because the use of judgements
and estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ.
Significant judgements and estimates about the future and other major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
reporting period could have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the following within
the next financial years: revenue recognition, deferred tax assets, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts, goodwill
impairment, right-of-use assets, business combinations, provisions for uncertain tax treatments and litigation and claims.
The judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
consolidated financial statements are:


CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                     11
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 85

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
Revenue recognition of multiple deliverable arrangements
Assessing whether the deliverables within an arrangement are separate performance obligations requires judgement by
management. A deliverable is identified as a separate performance obligation if the customer benefits from it on its own or
together with resources that are readily available to the customer and if it is separately identifiable from the other deliverables
in the contract. The Company assesses if the deliverables are separately identifiable in the context of the contract by
determining if the deliverables are integrated into a combined output, one or more deliverables significantly modify or
customize others, or if the deliverables are highly interdependent or interrelated. If any of these factors are met, the
deliverables are treated as a combined performance obligation.
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be available
against which the losses can be utilized. Management judgement is required concerning uncertainties that exist with respect to
the timing of future taxable income required to recognize a deferred tax asset. The Company recognizes an income tax benefit
only when it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future. In making this judgement, the Company relies on
forecasts and the availability of future tax planning strategies.
A description of estimates is included in the respective sections within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE
The Company generates revenue through the provision of managed IT and business process services, business and strategic
IT consulting and systems integration services, and intellectual property (IP) business solutions as described in Note 1,
Description of business.
The Company provides services and products under arrangements that contain various pricing mechanisms. The Company
accounts for a contract or a group of contracts when the following criteria are met: the parties to the contract have approved
the contract in which their rights, their obligations and the payment terms have been identified, the contract has commercial
substance, and the collectability of the consideration is probable.
A contract modification is a change in the scope or price of an existing revenue-generating customer contract. The Company
accounts for a contract modification as a separate contract when the scope of the contract increases because of the addition
of promised performance obligations and the price of the contract increases by an amount of consideration that reflects its
stand-alone selling prices. When the contract is not accounted for as a separate contract, the Company recognizes an
retrospective adjustment to revenue on the existing contract as at the date of the contract modification or, if the remaining
products and services are distinct performance obligations, the Company recognizes the remaining consideration
prospectively.
Revenue is recognized when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promise of good or
service to the customer and are measured at the amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive,
including variable consideration, such as, performance-based consideration, discounts, volume rebates and service-level
penalties. Variable consideration is estimated and is included only to the extent it is highly probable that a significant
adjustment to revenue recognized will not occur. In making this judgement, management will consider all information available
at the time (historical, current and forecasted), the Company’s knowledge of the client or the industry, the type of services to be
delivered and the specific contractual terms of each arrangement.
Revenue from sales of third party vendor's products, such as software licenses, hardware or services is recorded on a gross
basis when the Company is a principal to the transaction and is recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent
between the client and vendor. To determine whether the Company is a principal or an agent, it evaluates whether control is
obtained of the products or services before they are transferred to the client. This is often demonstrated when the Company
provides significant integration of the products and services from a third party vendor into the Company's products and
services delivered to the client. Other factors considered include whether the Company has the primary responsibility for
providing the products or services, has inventory risk before the specified products or services have been transferred to a
client, or after transfer of control to a client, and has discretion establishing the selling price.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                      12
  86 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notestotothe
          theConsolidated
             ConsolidatedFinancial
                          FinancialStatements
                                    Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2025
                                          2025and
                                                and2024
                                                    2024
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.      Summary
           Summaryofofmaterial
                       materialaccounting
                                accountingpolicies
                                           policies(continued)
                                                    (continued)

REVENUE
 REVENUERECOGNITION,
         RECOGNITION,WORK
                      WORKININPROGRESS
                               PROGRESSAND
                                        ANDDEFERRED
                                            DEFERREDREVENUE
                                                     REVENUE(CONTINUED)
                                                              (CONTINUED)
Relative
 Relativestand-alone
          stand-aloneselling
                      sellingprice
                              price
The
  TheCompany’s
       Company’sarrangements
                       arrangementsoften
                                       ofteninclude
                                              includea amix
                                                          mixofofthe
                                                                   theservices
                                                                        servicesandandproducts
                                                                                         productsasasdescribed
                                                                                                         describedbelow.
                                                                                                                     below.If Ifananarrangement
                                                                                                                                     arrangementinvolves
                                                                                                                                                      involves
the
  theprovision
      provisionofofmultiple
                       multipleperformance
                                performanceobligations,
                                               obligations,thethetotal
                                                                    totalarrangement
                                                                          arrangementvalue valueisisallocated
                                                                                                      allocatedtotoeach
                                                                                                                    eachperformance
                                                                                                                           performanceobligations
                                                                                                                                           obligations
based
  basedononitsitsrelative
                   relativestand-alone
                             stand-aloneselling
                                          sellingprice.
                                                  price.When
                                                          Whenestimating
                                                                   estimatingthe thestand-alone
                                                                                      stand-aloneselling
                                                                                                     sellingprice
                                                                                                             priceofofeach
                                                                                                                       eachperformance
                                                                                                                                performanceobligations,
                                                                                                                                               obligations,
the
  theCompany
      Companymaximizes
                    maximizesthe theuse
                                     useofofobservable
                                             observableprices
                                                           priceswhich
                                                                     whichareareestablished
                                                                                  establishedusing
                                                                                                 usingthetheCompany’s
                                                                                                             Company’spricespricesforforsame
                                                                                                                                         sameororsimilar
                                                                                                                                                    similar
deliverables.
  deliverables.When Whenobservable
                            observableprices
                                        pricesare
                                                arenot
                                                     notavailable,
                                                         available,the theCompany
                                                                            Companyestimates
                                                                                         estimatestand-alone
                                                                                                      stand-aloneselling
                                                                                                                     sellingprices
                                                                                                                              pricesbased
                                                                                                                                       basedononitsitsbest
                                                                                                                                                       best
estimate.
  estimate.
The
 Thebest
      bestestimate
           estimateofofthe  thestand-alone
                                 stand-aloneselling
                                               sellingprice
                                                        priceisisthe
                                                                   theprice
                                                                       priceatatwhich
                                                                                 whichthetheCompany
                                                                                              Companywould wouldnormally
                                                                                                                    normallyexpect
                                                                                                                               expecttotooffer
                                                                                                                                           offerthe
                                                                                                                                                  the
services
 servicesororproducts
               productsand andisisestablished
                                    establishedbybyconsidering
                                                      consideringa anumber
                                                                         numberofofinternal
                                                                                     internalandandexternal
                                                                                                     externalfactors
                                                                                                                 factorsincluding,
                                                                                                                          including,but
                                                                                                                                      butnot
                                                                                                                                           notlimited
                                                                                                                                                limitedto,to,
geographies,
 geographies,the  theCompany’s
                       Company’spricing
                                      pricingpolicies,
                                              policies,internal
                                                          internalcosts
                                                                     costsand
                                                                            andmargins.
                                                                                 margins.Additionally,
                                                                                             Additionally,inincertain
                                                                                                                certaincircumstances,
                                                                                                                         circumstances,the   theCompany
                                                                                                                                                  Company
may
 mayapply
      applythetheresidual
                   residualapproach
                               approachwhenwhenestimating
                                                  estimatingthe thestand-alone
                                                                     stand-aloneselling
                                                                                    sellingprice
                                                                                             priceofofsoftware
                                                                                                       softwarelicense
                                                                                                                   licenseproducts,
                                                                                                                             products,forforwhich
                                                                                                                                              whichthe
                                                                                                                                                     the
Company
 Companyhas  hasnotnotyet
                        yetestablished
                             establishedthetheprice
                                                priceororhas
                                                           hasnot
                                                                notpreviously
                                                                     previouslysold
                                                                                  soldonona astand-alone
                                                                                               stand-alonebasis.
                                                                                                               basis.
AsAsananincentive,
          incentive,upon
                       uponclient
                              clientcontract
                                     contractsignature,
                                               signature,thetheCompany
                                                                 Companymay mayprovide
                                                                                providediscounts.
                                                                                         discounts.These
                                                                                                    Theseincentives
                                                                                                           incentivesare
                                                                                                                      areconsidered
                                                                                                                          consideredininthe
                                                                                                                                          the
allocation
  allocationofofthe
                  therelative
                       relativestand-alone
                                 stand-aloneselling
                                               sellingprice
                                                       priceofofthe
                                                                  theperformance
                                                                      performanceobligations.
                                                                                   obligations.
The
 Theappropriate
     appropriaterevenue
                  revenuerecognition
                           recognitionmethod
                                       methodisisapplied
                                                  appliedforforeach
                                                                eachperformance
                                                                     performanceobligation
                                                                                 obligationasasdescribed
                                                                                                describedbelow.
                                                                                                          below.
Managed
 ManagedITITand
             andbusiness
                 businessprocess
                          processservices
                                  services
Revenue
 Revenuefrom
           frommanaged
                   managedITITand
                                andbusiness
                                      businessprocess
                                                processervices
                                                        servicesarrangements
                                                                  arrangementsisisgenerally
                                                                                   generallyrecognized
                                                                                                 recognizedover
                                                                                                              overtime
                                                                                                                    timeasasthetheservices
                                                                                                                                   servicesare
                                                                                                                                            are
provided
 providedatatthe
               thecontractual
                   contractualbillings,
                                billings,which
                                          whichcorresponds
                                                correspondswith
                                                             withthe
                                                                   thevalue
                                                                       valueprovided
                                                                             providedtotothe
                                                                                           theclient,
                                                                                                client,unless
                                                                                                        unlessthere
                                                                                                                thereisisa abetter
                                                                                                                             bettermeasure
                                                                                                                                    measureofof
performance
 performanceorordelivery.
                    delivery.
Business
 Businessand
          andstrategic
              strategicITITconsulting
                            consultingand
                                       andsystems
                                           systemsintegration
                                                    integrationservices
                                                                services
Revenue
  Revenuefrom
            frombusiness
                   businessand andstrategic
                                     strategicITITconsulting
                                                   consultingand
                                                               andsystems
                                                                     systemsintegration
                                                                              integrationservices
                                                                                           servicesunder
                                                                                                    undertime
                                                                                                           timeand
                                                                                                                 andmaterial
                                                                                                                      materialarrangements
                                                                                                                               arrangementsisis
recognized
  recognizedover
               overtime
                     timeasasthetheservices
                                    servicesarearerendered,
                                                    rendered,and
                                                               andrevenue
                                                                     revenueunder
                                                                              undercost-based
                                                                                     cost-basedarrangements
                                                                                                  arrangementsisisrecognized
                                                                                                                     recognizedover
                                                                                                                                  overtime
                                                                                                                                         timeasas
reimbursable
  reimbursablecosts
                 costsare
                        areincurred.
                              incurred.Contractual
                                          Contractualbillings
                                                       billingsofofsuch
                                                                    sucharrangements
                                                                          arrangementscorrespond
                                                                                          correspondwith
                                                                                                      withthe
                                                                                                            thevalue
                                                                                                                valueprovided
                                                                                                                       providedtotothe
                                                                                                                                     theclient,
                                                                                                                                          client,
and
  andtherefore
       thereforerevenues
                  revenuesare  aregenerally
                                    generallyrecognized
                                                recognizedwhen
                                                             whenamounts
                                                                     amountsbecome
                                                                              becomebillable.
                                                                                        billable.
Revenue
  Revenuefromfrombusiness
                    businessandandstrategic
                                    strategicITITconsulting
                                                   consultingandandsystems
                                                                       systemsintegration
                                                                                  integrationservices
                                                                                                servicesunder
                                                                                                            underfixed-fee
                                                                                                                   fixed-feearrangements
                                                                                                                              arrangementsisis
recognized
  recognizedusing
                usingthe
                       thepercentage-of-completion
                           percentage-of-completionmethod    methodoverovertime,
                                                                             time,asasthe
                                                                                        theCompany
                                                                                            Companyhas   hasnonoalternative
                                                                                                                   alternativeuse
                                                                                                                               useforforthe
                                                                                                                                          theasset
                                                                                                                                               asset
created
  createdandandhas
                 hasananenforceable
                          enforceableright
                                        righttotopayment
                                                   paymentforforperformance
                                                                  performancecompleted
                                                                                    completedtotodate.
                                                                                                    date.TheTheCompany
                                                                                                                Companyprimarily
                                                                                                                             primarilyusesuseslabour
                                                                                                                                                labourcosts
                                                                                                                                                         costs
totomeasure
      measurethetheprogress
                     progresstowards
                                towardscompletion.
                                          completion.This Thismethod
                                                                methodrelies
                                                                          reliesononestimates
                                                                                      estimatesofoftotal
                                                                                                      totalexpected
                                                                                                             expectedlabour
                                                                                                                        labourcosts,
                                                                                                                                costs,which
                                                                                                                                          whichare
                                                                                                                                                 are
compared
  comparedtotolabour
                  labourcosts
                          costsincurred
                                 incurredtotodate,
                                               date,totoarrive
                                                         arriveatatananestimate
                                                                        estimateofofthetheprogress
                                                                                            progresstotocompletion
                                                                                                            completionwhich
                                                                                                                         whichdetermines
                                                                                                                                determinesthe   the
percentage
  percentageofofrevenue
                    revenueearned
                             earnedtotodate.
                                          date.Factors
                                                  Factorsconsidered
                                                            consideredininthe theestimates
                                                                                   estimatesinclude:
                                                                                               include:changes
                                                                                                         changesininscope
                                                                                                                        scopeofofthe
                                                                                                                                   thecontracts,
                                                                                                                                         contracts,delays
                                                                                                                                                      delays
ininreaching
      reachingmilestones,
                milestones,complexities
                              complexitiesininproject
                                                  projectdelivery,
                                                           delivery,availability
                                                                      availabilityandandretention
                                                                                          retentionofofqualified
                                                                                                        qualifiedITITprofessionals
                                                                                                                       professionalsand/or
                                                                                                                                         and/orthetheability
                                                                                                                                                      ability
ofofthe
      thesubcontractors
          subcontractorstotoperform
                               performtheir
                                        theirobligation
                                               obligationwithin
                                                             withinagreed
                                                                     agreeduponuponbudget
                                                                                      budgetand
                                                                                              andtimeframes.
                                                                                                    timeframes.Management
                                                                                                                     Managementregularly
                                                                                                                                     regularlyreviews
                                                                                                                                                 reviews
underlying
  underlyingestimates
               estimatesofoftotal
                              totalexpected
                                    expectedlabour
                                                 labourcosts.
                                                         costs.
Software
 Softwarelicenses
           licensesand
                    andSoftware-as-a-Service
                        Software-as-a-Service(SaaS)
                                               (SaaS)
CGI
  CGIoffers
        offersitsitsintellectual
                      intellectualproperty
                                   property(IP)(IP)solutions
                                                    solutionsasaswellwellasasthird
                                                                               thirdparty
                                                                                     partysolutions
                                                                                            solutionsininthe
                                                                                                           theform
                                                                                                                formofofsoftware
                                                                                                                         softwarelicense
                                                                                                                                       licensearrangements.
                                                                                                                                                  arrangements.
Most
  Mostofofthese
            thesearrangements
                       arrangementsinclude
                                         includeother
                                                  otherservices
                                                         servicesuch suchasasimplementation,
                                                                                 implementation,customization
                                                                                                    customizationand   andmaintenance.
                                                                                                                               maintenance.For    Forthese
                                                                                                                                                       thesetypes
                                                                                                                                                                types
ofofarrangements,
     arrangements,revenue  revenuefrom
                                     froma asoftware
                                               softwarelicense,
                                                          license,when
                                                                     whenidentified
                                                                             identifiedasasa aperformance
                                                                                               performanceobligation,
                                                                                                                obligation,isisrecognized
                                                                                                                                   recognizedatata apointpointinintime
                                                                                                                                                                    time
upon
  upondelivery.
         delivery.Otherwise
                       Otherwisewhenwhenthe thesoftware
                                                 softwareisisignificantly
                                                               significantlycustomized,
                                                                                customized,integrated
                                                                                               integratedorormodified,
                                                                                                                modified,it itisiscombined
                                                                                                                                    combinedwith  withthe
                                                                                                                                                        the
implementation
  implementationand      andcustomization
                              customizationservices
                                                servicesand andisisaccounted
                                                                    accountedforforasasdescribed
                                                                                          describedininthethebusiness
                                                                                                               businessand andstrategic
                                                                                                                                   strategicITITconsulting
                                                                                                                                                   consultingand  and
systems
  systemsintegration
             integrationservices
                              servicesection
                                         sectionabove.
                                                   above.Revenue
                                                            Revenuefromfrommaintenance
                                                                                maintenanceservices
                                                                                                servicesforforsoftware
                                                                                                                softwarelicenses
                                                                                                                           licensesold   soldisisrecognized
                                                                                                                                                   recognized
straight-line
  straight-lineover overthe
                          theterm
                               termofofthe
                                         themaintenance
                                             maintenanceperiod.
                                                              period.
CGI
  CGIalso
        alsoprovides
              providesitsitsIPIPsolutions
                                 solutionsininthe
                                                theform
                                                      formofofSaaS
                                                               SaaSwhere
                                                                       wherethe thecustomer
                                                                                    customercannot
                                                                                                 cannotterminate
                                                                                                         terminatethe
                                                                                                                    thehosting
                                                                                                                         hostingcontract
                                                                                                                                    contractand
                                                                                                                                              andtake
                                                                                                                                                    take
possession
  possessionofofthethesoftware
                        softwarewithout
                                     withoutsignificant
                                               significantpenalty.
                                                             penalty.SaaS
                                                                       SaaSare arepart
                                                                                    partofofthe
                                                                                              themanaged
                                                                                                  managedITITand
                                                                                                               andbusiness
                                                                                                                     businessprocess
                                                                                                                                  processervices
                                                                                                                                           servicesoffering
                                                                                                                                                        offering
where
  whererevenue
          revenueisisgenerally
                        generallyrecognized
                                      recognizedover overtime
                                                           timeasasthe
                                                                     theservices
                                                                          servicesareareprovided.
                                                                                          provided.Transition
                                                                                                     Transitionactivities
                                                                                                                 activitiestotobring
                                                                                                                                bringclients
                                                                                                                                       clientstotothe
                                                                                                                                                    theSaaS
                                                                                                                                                         SaaS
platforms,
  platforms,including
               includinghosting
                            hostingset-up
                                       set-upand
                                               andcustomization,
                                                     customization,that thatare
                                                                             arenotnotconsidered
                                                                                       considereddistinct
                                                                                                    distinctperformance
                                                                                                             performanceobligations
                                                                                                                              obligationsare
                                                                                                                                           arecapitalized
                                                                                                                                                 capitalized
asastransition
      transitioncosts
                 costsandandamortized
                                amortizedoveroverthetheservice
                                                         serviceperiod.
                                                                  period.


CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor   years
                                                 thethe years
                                                            ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,30,
                                                                                2025
                                                                                   2025
                                                                                      and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                          2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                   1313
                                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 87

Notes
Notestotothe
          theConsolidated
             ConsolidatedFinancial
                          FinancialStatements
                                    Statements
For
  Forthe
  For  the
       theyears
           yearsended
           years ended
                 endedSeptember
                        September
                        September30,  30,
                                      30,2025
                                          2025
                                          2025and
                                                and
                                                and2024
                                                    2024
                                                    2024
(tabular
  (tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
            amounts only
                    onlyare
                         are
                         areinin
                              inthousands
                                  thousands  ofCanadian
                                  thousandsofof Canadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         per
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             share
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.       Summary
            Summaryofofmaterial
                        materialaccounting
                                 accountingpolicies
                                            policies(continued)
                                                     (continued)
REVENUE
 REVENUERECOGNITION,
 REVENUE RECOGNITION,
         RECOGNITION,WORK
                      WORK
                      WORKININ
                            INPROGRESS
                               PROGRESS
                               PROGRESSAND
                                        AND
                                        ANDDEFERRED
                                            DEFERRED
                                            DEFERREDREVENUE
                                                     REVENUE
                                                     REVENUE(CONTINUED)
                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                              (CONTINUED)
Work
 Workinin
 Work  inprogress
          progress
          progressand
                   and
                   anddeferred
                       deferred
                       deferredrevenue
                                 revenue
                                 revenue
Amounts
 Amountsrecognized
 Amounts   recognized
           recognizedasasasrevenue
                             revenue
                             revenueinininexcess
                                           excess
                                           excessofofofbillings
                                                         billingsare
                                                         billings  areclassified
                                                                   are  classified  aswork
                                                                        classifiedasas workinin
                                                                                       work  inprogress.
                                                                                                progress.Amounts
                                                                                                progress.    Amountsreceived
                                                                                                             Amounts     receivedinin
                                                                                                                         received  inadvance
                                                                                                                                      advanceofof
                                                                                                                                      advance  ofthe
                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                   the
performance
 performanceofof
 performance   ofservices
                  servicesoror
                  services    ordelivery
                                 deliveryofof
                                 delivery   ofproducts
                                               products
                                               productsare  are
                                                            areclassified
                                                                 classified
                                                                 classifiedasas deferred
                                                                             asdeferred
                                                                                deferredrevenue.
                                                                                           revenue.
                                                                                           revenue.Work
                                                                                                     Work
                                                                                                     Workinin  inprogress
                                                                                                                  progress
                                                                                                                  progressand
                                                                                                                            anddeferred
                                                                                                                            and  deferredrevenue
                                                                                                                                 deferred  revenue
                                                                                                                                           revenueareare
                                                                                                                                                     are
 presented
 presentednet
presented   net
            netonon
                 ona a
                     acontract
                       contract
                       contractby-contract
                                  by-contract
                                  by-contractbasis.
                                                 basis.During
                                                 basis.   During
                                                          Duringthethe  year
                                                                        yearended
                                                                   theyear    endedSeptember
                                                                              ended    September
                                                                                       September30, 30,
                                                                                                    30,2025,
                                                                                                         2025,
                                                                                                         2025,the the
                                                                                                                  therevenues
                                                                                                                       revenues
                                                                                                                       revenuesrecognized
                                                                                                                                 recognized
                                                                                                                                 recognizedfrom
                                                                                                                                             from
                                                                                                                                             fromthethe
                                                                                                                                                    the
 short-termdeferred
 short-term
short-term  deferred
            deferredrevenue
                        revenue
                        revenuewas was
                                   wasnotnot
                                         notsignificantly
                                              significantly   different
                                              significantlydifferent     than
                                                              differentthan
                                                                         thanwhat
                                                                               what
                                                                               whatwaswas
                                                                                      waspresented
                                                                                           presentedasas
                                                                                           presented    asatat
                                                                                                            atSeptember
                                                                                                                 September
                                                                                                                 September30,30,
                                                                                                                             30,2024.
                                                                                                                                 2024.
                                                                                                                                 2024.

CASH
 CASHAND
 CASH AND
      ANDCASH
          CASH
          CASHEQUIVALENTS
               EQUIVALENTS
               EQUIVALENTS
Cash
  Cashand
  Cash   andcash
         and  cash
              cashequivalents
                     equivalents
                     equivalentsconsist
                                 consist
                                 consistofof
                                          ofunrestricted
                                             unrestricted
                                             unrestrictedcash
                                                          cash
                                                          cashand
                                                               and short-terminvestments
                                                                   short-term
                                                               andshort-term   investments
                                                                               investmentshaving
                                                                                           havinga a
                                                                                           having  amaturity
                                                                                                     maturity
                                                                                                     maturityofof
                                                                                                               ofthree
                                                                                                                   threemonths
                                                                                                                   three months
                                                                                                                         monthsoror
                                                                                                                                 orless
                                                                                                                                     less
                                                                                                                                     less
from
  from
  fromthe
        the
        thedate
            date
            dateofof
                  ofpurchase.
                      purchase.
                      purchase.

SHORT-TERM
 SHORT-TERM
 SHORT-TERMINVESTMENTS
             INVESTMENTS
             INVESTMENTS
Short-term
 Short-term
 Short-terminvestments,
              investments,
              investments,comprise
                             comprise
                             comprisegenerally
                                      generally
                                      generallyofof
                                                 ofterm
                                                     term
                                                     termdeposits,
                                                          deposits,have
                                                          deposits, have  remainingmaturities
                                                                          remaining
                                                                    haveremaining   maturities
                                                                                    maturitiesover
                                                                                               over
                                                                                               overthree
                                                                                                     three
                                                                                                     threemonths,
                                                                                                           months,
                                                                                                           months,but
                                                                                                                   but
                                                                                                                   butnot
                                                                                                                       not
                                                                                                                       notmore
                                                                                                                           more
                                                                                                                           morethan
                                                                                                                                 than
                                                                                                                                 than
one
 oneyear,
      year,
          atat
             thethe
                  date
                    date
                       ofof
                          purchase.
                            purchase.
 one year, at the date of purchase.

FUNDS
 FUNDSHELD
 FUNDS HELD
       HELDFOR
            FOR
            FORCLIENTS
                CLIENTS
                CLIENTSAND
                        AND
                        ANDCLIENTS’
                            CLIENTS’
                            CLIENTS’FUNDS
                                     FUNDS
                                     FUNDSOBLIGATIONS
                                           OBLIGATIONS
                                           OBLIGATIONS
  Inconnection
InIn connection
     connectionwith    with
                       withthethe
                              theCompany’s
                                  Company’s
                                  Company’spayroll,payroll,tax
                                                   payroll,  taxfiling
                                                             tax   filing  and
                                                                   filingand     claimservices,
                                                                           andclaims
                                                                                 claims    services,
                                                                                           services,thethe
                                                                                                       theCompany
                                                                                                            Company
                                                                                                            Companycollects
                                                                                                                        collects
                                                                                                                        collectsfunds
                                                                                                                                   funds
                                                                                                                                   fundsforfor
                                                                                                                                          forpayment
                                                                                                                                               payment
                                                                                                                                               paymentofof ofpayroll,
                                                                                                                                                              payroll,
                                                                                                                                                              payroll,
  taxes
taxes   and
          and  claims,
                 claims,  temporarily
                             temporarily holds
                                            holds   uch
                                                    such funds
                                                            funds  until
                                                                      untilpayment
                                                                             payment   isis
  taxes and claims, temporarily holds such funds until payment is due, remits the funds to the clients’ employees, appropriatetax
                                                                                          due,
                                                                                             due,remits
                                                                                                   remitsthe
                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                             funds
                                                                                                                fundstoto
                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                          theclients’
                                                                                                                               clients’
                                                                                                                                      employees,
                                                                                                                                        employees,   appropriate
                                                                                                                                                        appropriate      tax
                                                                                                                                                                         tax
  authorities
  authoritiesoror
authorities       orclaims
                      claims
                      claimsholders,
                                holders,
                                holders,files
                                           files
                                           filestax
                                                  tax
                                                  taxreturns
                                                       returns
                                                       returnsand and    handles
                                                                  andhandles
                                                                         handlesrelated
                                                                                     related
                                                                                     relatedregulatory
                                                                                               regulatory
                                                                                               regulatorycorrespondence
                                                                                                            correspondence
                                                                                                            correspondenceand    and
                                                                                                                                 andamendments.
                                                                                                                                      amendments.
                                                                                                                                      amendments.The     The
                                                                                                                                                         Thefunds
                                                                                                                                                                funds
                                                                                                                                                                funds
held
  held
  heldforfor
         forclients
              clients
              clientsinclude
                        include
                        includecash,
                                  cash,
                                  cash,short-term
                                          short-term
                                          short-terminvestments
                                                         investments
                                                         investmentsand      and   long-termbonds.
                                                                                   long-term
                                                                             andlong-term        bonds.
                                                                                                 bonds.TheTheCompany
                                                                                                          The  Company
                                                                                                               Companypresents
                                                                                                                            presents
                                                                                                                            presentsthethe
                                                                                                                                       thefunds
                                                                                                                                             funds
                                                                                                                                             fundsheld
                                                                                                                                                    held
                                                                                                                                                    heldforfor
                                                                                                                                                           forclients
                                                                                                                                                                clients
                                                                                                                                                                clients
  and
  andrelated
and     related
        relatedobligations
                   obligations
                   obligationseparately.
                                   separately.
                                   separately.FundsFundsheld
                                                   Funds     held
                                                             heldforfor
                                                                    forclients
                                                                         clientsare
                                                                         clients   are  classified
                                                                                        classifiedasas
                                                                                   areclassified     ascurrent
                                                                                                         current
                                                                                                         currentassets
                                                                                                                  assetsince
                                                                                                                  assets   since
                                                                                                                           sincethese
                                                                                                                                   thesefunds
                                                                                                                                   these   fundsare
                                                                                                                                           funds areheld
                                                                                                                                                 are   held
                                                                                                                                                       heldsolely
                                                                                                                                                              solelyforfor
                                                                                                                                                              solely  for
the
  the
  thepurpose
       purpose
       purposeofof  ofsatisfying
                        satisfyingthe
                        satisfying   the
                                     theclients’
                                          clients’
                                          clients’funds
                                                     funds
                                                     fundsobligations,
                                                              obligations,
                                                              obligations,which which   willbebe
                                                                                        will
                                                                                whichwill     berepaid
                                                                                                  repaidwithin
                                                                                                  repaid  withinone
                                                                                                          within  oneyear
                                                                                                                  one  yearofof
                                                                                                                       year  ofthe
                                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                                                 theconsolidated
                                                                                                                                     consolidated
                                                                                                                                     consolidatedbalance
                                                                                                                                                      balance
                                                                                                                                                      balancesheet sheet
                                                                                                                                                                   sheet
date.
  date.
  date.TheThe
          Themarket
                 marketfluctuations
                 market     fluctuationsaffect
                            fluctuations    affectthe
                                            affect  the
                                                    thefair
                                                         fairvalue
                                                         fair  value
                                                               valueofofofthe
                                                                            the  long-term
                                                                            thelong-term
                                                                                 long-termbonds.
                                                                                               bonds.
                                                                                               bonds.DueDue
                                                                                                        Duetoto
                                                                                                             tothose
                                                                                                                 thosefluctuations,
                                                                                                                 those  fluctuations,funds
                                                                                                                        fluctuations,    funds
                                                                                                                                         fundsheld
                                                                                                                                                held
                                                                                                                                                heldforfor
                                                                                                                                                      forclients
                                                                                                                                                           clients
                                                                                                                                                           clientsmight
                                                                                                                                                                     might
                                                                                                                                                                     might
not
  not
  notequal
       equal
       equaltototothe
                    the
                    theclients'
                         clients'
                         clients'funds
                                   funds
                                   fundsobligations.
                                            obligations.
                                            obligations.
Interest
  Interest
  Interestincome
            income
            incomeearned
                       earnedand
                       earned    and
                                 andrealized
                                      realized
                                      realizedgains
                                                gains
                                                gainsand and
                                                         andlosses
                                                              losses  onthe
                                                              lossesonon  the
                                                                          thedisposal
                                                                               disposal
                                                                               disposalofof
                                                                                          ofshort-term
                                                                                             short-term
                                                                                             short-terminvestments
                                                                                                         investments
                                                                                                         investmentsandand
                                                                                                                       andlong-term
                                                                                                                             long-term
                                                                                                                             long-termbonds
                                                                                                                                         bonds
                                                                                                                                         bondsareare
                                                                                                                                                 are
recorded
  recorded
  recordedinininrevenue
                  revenue
                  revenueinin
                            inthe
                                the
                                theperiod
                                     period
                                     periodthat
                                             that
                                             thatthe
                                                   the
                                                   theincome
                                                        income
                                                        incomeisis
                                                                 isearned,
                                                                    earned,   asthe
                                                                    earned,asas   the
                                                                                  thecollecting,
                                                                                      collecting,
                                                                                      collecting,holding
                                                                                                   holding
                                                                                                   holdingand
                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                            andremitting
                                                                                                                 remitting
                                                                                                                 remittingofof
                                                                                                                            ofthese
                                                                                                                                these
                                                                                                                                thesefunds
                                                                                                                                       funds
                                                                                                                                       fundsare
                                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                                             arecritical
                                                                                                                                                  critical
                                                                                                                                                  critical
components
  components
  componentsofof   ofproviding
                      providing
                      providingthese
                                   these
                                   theseservices.
                                          services.
                                          services.

PROPERTY,
 PROPERTY,
 PROPERTY,PLANT
           PLANT
           PLANTAND
                 AND
                 ANDEQUIPMENT
                     EQUIPMENT
                     EQUIPMENT(PP&E)
                                (PP&E)
                                (PP&E)
PP&E
 PP&E
 PP&Eare
      are
      arerecorded
           recorded
           recordedatat
                     atcost
                        cost
                        costand
                             and
                             andare
                                 are
                                 aredepreciated
                                     depreciated overtheir
                                                 over
                                     depreciatedover   their
                                                       theirestimated
                                                             estimated
                                                             estimateduseful
                                                                       useful
                                                                       usefullives
                                                                                lives
                                                                                livesusing
                                                                                      using
                                                                                      usingthe
                                                                                             the
                                                                                             thestraight-line
                                                                                                  straight-line
                                                                                                  straight-linemethod.
                                                                                                                method.
                                                                                                                method.
Buildings
 Buildings
 Buildings                                                                                                                                             1010toto
                                                                                                                                                          10   4040
                                                                                                                                                              to 40years
                                                                                                                                                                     years
                                                                                                                                                                     years
 Leasehold
Leasehold
 Leasehold  improvements
               improvements
               improvements                                                                                                  Lesser
                                                                                                                              Lesser
                                                                                                                              Lesserofof
                                                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                                                      of the
                                                                                                                                           useful
                                                                                                                                         the useful
                                                                                                                                                  lifelife
                                                                                                                                             useful   life  lease
                                                                                                                                                         oror
                                                                                                                                                           or  lease
                                                                                                                                                               lease  term
                                                                                                                                                                    term
                                                                                                                                                                      term
Furniture,
 Furniture,
 Furniture,fixtures
              fixtures
                     and
              fixtures and
                         equipment
                       and equipment
                           equipment                                                                                                                     33toto
                                                                                                                                                           3   1010
                                                                                                                                                              to 10years
                                                                                                                                                                     years
                                                                                                                                                                     years
Computer
 Computer
 Computer  equipment
              equipment
              equipment                                                                                                                                    33toto
                                                                                                                                                             3   55
                                                                                                                                                                to years
                                                                                                                                                                   5 years
                                                                                                                                                                     years


LEASES
 LEASES
 LEASES
When
 Whenthe
 When    the
         theCompany
             Company
             Companyenters enters
                           entersinto
                                    into
                                    intocontractual
                                         contractual
                                         contractualagreements
                                                      agreements
                                                      agreementswithwithsuppliers,
                                                                    with suppliers,
                                                                         suppliers,anan
                                                                                     anassessment
                                                                                         assessmentisis
                                                                                         assessment     isperformed
                                                                                                            performed
                                                                                                            performedtoto
                                                                                                                       todetermine
                                                                                                                          determine
                                                                                                                          determineif ififthe
                                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                                            the
contract
 contract contains
           contains a a lease.
                          lease.The
                                  The  Company
                                         Company  identified
                                                    identified  lease
                                                              lease  agreements
                                                                      agreements   under
                                                                                    under the
                                                                                            thefollowing
                                                                                                 following categories:
                                                                                                             categories:
 contract contains a lease. The Company identified lease agreements under the following categories: Properties, Motor  Properties,
                                                                                                                         Properties,
                                                                                                                                   Motor
                                                                                                                                     Motor
vehicles
 vehicles
 vehiclesand
           and
           andothers,
                others,
                others,asas
                         aswell
                            well
                            wellasas
                                  asComputer
                                      Computer
                                      Computerequipment.
                                                 equipment.
                                                 equipment.
The
  TheCompany
  The    Company
         Companyidentifies
                    identifies
                    identifiesa a
                                alease
                                   lease
                                   leaseif ififit ititconveys
                                                        conveys
                                                        conveysthethe
                                                                  theright
                                                                       right
                                                                       righttoto
                                                                              tocontrol
                                                                                 control
                                                                                 controlthetheuse
                                                                                           the   use
                                                                                                 useofof
                                                                                                      ofanan
                                                                                                          anidentified
                                                                                                              identified
                                                                                                              identifiedasset
                                                                                                                          asset
                                                                                                                          assetforfor
                                                                                                                                  fora a
                                                                                                                                       aspecific
                                                                                                                                         specific
                                                                                                                                         specificperiod
                                                                                                                                                  period
                                                                                                                                                  periodinin
                                                                                                                                                           inexchange
                                                                                                                                                               exchange
                                                                                                                                                               exchange
forfor
  fora a
       adetermined
         determined
         determinedconsideration.
                        consideration.
                        consideration.AtAtAtinception,inception,
                                                      inception,a a
                                                                  aright-of-use
                                                                     right-of-use
                                                                     right-of-useasset
                                                                                     assetforfor
                                                                                     asset        theunderlying
                                                                                             forthe
                                                                                                  the underlyingasset
                                                                                                      underlying     assetand
                                                                                                                     asset   and
                                                                                                                             andcorresponding
                                                                                                                                   corresponding
                                                                                                                                   correspondingleaselease
                                                                                                                                                     leaseliability
                                                                                                                                                             liability
                                                                                                                                                             liabilityare
                                                                                                                                                                       are
                                                                                                                                                                       are
presented
  presentedinin
  presented   inthe
                  the
                  theconsolidated
                        consolidated
                        consolidatedbalance
                                       balance
                                       balancesheet        sheet
                                                           sheetmeasured
                                                                  measured
                                                                  measuredonon   ona a present
                                                                                     apresent
                                                                                       presentvaluevalue
                                                                                                   valuebasis
                                                                                                           basis
                                                                                                           basisexcept
                                                                                                                 except
                                                                                                                 exceptforfor
                                                                                                                            forshort-term
                                                                                                                                short-term
                                                                                                                                short-termleases
                                                                                                                                              leases
                                                                                                                                              leases(expected
                                                                                                                                                      (expected
                                                                                                                                                      (expectedterm  term
                                                                                                                                                                     term
ofof
  of1212
      12months
          monthsoror
          months   orless)
                       less)
                       less)and
                             and
                             andleases
                                   leases
                                   leaseswith    with
                                                 withlow  low
                                                          lowvalue
                                                              value    underlying
                                                              valueunderlying
                                                                       underlyingassetasset
                                                                                      assetforfor
                                                                                              forwhich
                                                                                                   which
                                                                                                   whichpayments
                                                                                                           payments
                                                                                                           paymentsare  arerecorded
                                                                                                                        are  recorded
                                                                                                                             recordedasas asanan
                                                                                                                                              anexpense
                                                                                                                                                 expense
                                                                                                                                                 expenseonon ona a
                                                                                                                                                                 a
straight-line
  straight-line
              basis
                 basis  over
                         overthe
                               thelease
                                    leaseterm.
  straight-line basis over the lease term.      term.
The
 Theright-of-use
 The   right-of-use
       right-of-useassets
                     assets
                     assetsare aremeasured
                               are measured
                                   measuredatatatinitial
                                                   initial
                                                   initiallease
                                                            lease  liabilitiesadjusted
                                                                   liabilities
                                                            leaseliabilities   adjusted
                                                                               adjustedbyby
                                                                                         bylease
                                                                                             leasepayments
                                                                                             lease payments
                                                                                                   paymentsmade
                                                                                                              madebefore
                                                                                                              made    beforethe
                                                                                                                      before  thecommencement
                                                                                                                              the  commencement
                                                                                                                                   commencement
 date,
 date,indirect
date,    indirect
         indirectcosts
                  costs
                  costsand
                         and
                         andlease
                                lease
                                leaseincentives
                                       incentives
                                       incentivesreceived.
                                                    received.
                                                    received.The The   right-of-use
                                                                 Theright-of-use
                                                                       right-of-useassets
                                                                                     assets
                                                                                     assetsareare
                                                                                              aredepreciated
                                                                                                  depreciated
                                                                                                  depreciatedonon
                                                                                                               ona a
                                                                                                                   astraight-line
                                                                                                                      straight-line
                                                                                                                      straight-linebasis
                                                                                                                                    basis
                                                                                                                                    basisover
                                                                                                                                          over
                                                                                                                                          overthe
                                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                                the
expected
 expected
 expectedlease
             lease
             leaseterm
                    term
                    termofof
                          ofthe
                              the
                              theunderlying
                                  underlying
                                  underlyingasset.
                                              asset.
                                              asset.



CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor   years
                                                 thethe years
                                                            ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,30,
                                                                                2025
                                                                                   2025
                                                                                      and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                          2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                       1414
88 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

LEASES (CONTINUED)
Lease liabilities are measured at present value of non-cancellable payments of the expected lease term, which are mostly
made of fixed payments of rent; variable payments that are based on an index or a rate; amounts expected to be payable as
residual value guarantees.
Non-lease components, mostly made of fixed maintenance fees and property tax are excluded from the lease liabilities.
Payments are recorded as an expense over the lease term as part of property costs.
The Company estimates the lease term in order to calculate the value of the lease liability at the initial date of the lease.
Management uses judgement to determine the appropriate lease term based on the conditions of each lease. Lease extension
or termination options are only considered in the lease term if it is reasonably certain of being exercised. Factors evaluated
include value of leasehold improvements required and any potential incentive to take the option.
Discount rate used in the present value calculation is the incremental borrowing rate unless the implicit interest rate in the
lease can be readily determined. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each lease or portfolio of leased
assets, as most of the implicit interest rates in the leases are not readily determinable. To calculate the incremental borrowing
rate, the Company considers its creditworthiness, the term of the arrangement, any collateral received and the economic
environment at the lease date.
The lease liabilities are subsequently adjusted by interest which is recorded as part of net finance costs as well as from lease
payments made.
Furthermore, lease liabilities are remeasured (along with the corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset), whenever
the following situations occur:
     –     a modification in the lease term or a change in the assessment of an option to extend, purchase or terminate the
           lease, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
           rate; and
     –     a modification in the residual guarantees or in future lease payments due to a change of an index or rate tied to the
           payments, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial
           discount rate determined when setting up the liability.
In addition, upon partial or full termination of a lease, the difference between the carrying amounts of the lease liability and the
right-of-use asset is recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.

CONTRACT COSTS
Contract costs are comprised primarily of transition costs incurred to implement long-term managed IT and business process
services contracts, including SaaS, as well as incentives.
Transition costs
Transition costs consist mostly of costs associated with the installation of systems and processes, conversion of the client’s
applications to the Company’s platforms incurred after the award of managed IT and business process services contracts,
including SaaS hosting set-up and customization. Transition costs are comprised essentially of labour costs consisting of
employee compensation and related fringe benefits. Labour costs also include subcontractor costs.
Incentives
Occasionally, incentives are granted to clients upon the signing of managed IT and business process services contracts.
These incentives are granted in the form of cash payments.
Amortization of contract costs
Contract costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the period services are provided. Amortization of transition
costs is included in costs of services, selling and administrative and amortization of incentives is recorded as a reduction of
revenue.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                       15
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 89

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

CONTRACT COSTS (CONTINUED)
Impairment of contract costs
When a contract is not expected to be profitable, the estimated loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract
costs. The excess of the expected loss over the capitalized contract costs is recorded as onerous revenue-generating
contracts in provisions. If at a future date the contract returns to profitability, the estimated losses on revenue-generating
contracts must be reversed first, and if there is still additional projected profitability then any capitalized contract costs that
were impaired must be reversed. The reversal of the impairment loss is limited so that the carrying amount does not exceed its
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no
impairment loss been recognized for the contract costs in prior years.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Intangible assets consist of software, business solutions, client relationships and backlog. Software and business solutions are
recorded at cost. Software internally developed is capitalized when it meets specific capitalization criteria related to technical
and financial feasibility and when the Company demonstrates its ability and intention to use it. Business solutions developed
internally and marketed are capitalized when they meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial
feasibility. Software, business solutions, client relationships and backlog acquired through business combinations are initially
recorded at their fair value based on the present value of expected future cash flows, which involves estimates, such as the
forecasting of future cash flows and discount rates.
Amortization of intangible assets
The Company amortizes its intangible assets using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives.

Software                                                                                                               1 to 8 years
Business solutions                                                                                                    3 to 10 years
Client relationships and backlog                                                                                      5 to 10 years


IMPAIRMENT OF PP&E, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
Timing of impairment testing
The carrying values of PP&E, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and goodwill are reviewed for impairment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Company assesses at each reporting date
whether any such events or changes in circumstances exist. The carrying values of intangible assets not yet available for use
are tested for impairment annually as at September 30. Goodwill is also tested for impairment annually during the fourth
quarter of each fiscal year.
Impairment testing
If any indication of impairment exists or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates the
recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit (CGU) to which the asset relates to determine the extent of any
impairment loss. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
use (VIU) to the Company. The Company mainly uses the VIU. In assessing the VIU, estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are
taken into account, if available. If the recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in the
consolidated statements of earnings.
Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the CGU or group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from
acquired work force and synergies of the related business combination. The group of CGUs that benefit from the acquired
work force and synergies correspond to the Company’s operating segments. For goodwill impairment testing purposes, the
group of CGUs that represents the lowest level within the Company at which management monitors goodwill is the operating
segment level.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                     16
  90 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notestotothe
          theConsolidated
             ConsolidatedFinancial
                          FinancialStatements
                                    Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2025
                                          2025and
                                                and2024
                                                    2024
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)

REVENUE
 IMPAIRMENT OF
 REVENUERECOGNITION,
         RECOGNITION,
               PP&E, WORK
                    RIGHT-OF-USE
                      WORK ININPROGRESS
                                PROGRESS
                                  ASSETS,
                                        AND
                                          AND
                                          INTANGIBLE
                                             DEFERRED
                                              DEFERRED
                                                     ASSETS
                                                      REVENUE
                                                       REVENUE
                                                            AND(CONTINUED)
                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                 GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
Relative
 Impairment
 Relativestand-alone
          stand-alone
             testing selling
                     (continued)
                       selling
                             price
                               price
  TheCompany’s
The     recoverable amount
        Company’s       arrangements
                            arrangementsof each
                                             often
                                               often
                                                  operating
                                                    include
                                                      includea amix
                                                               segment
                                                                   mixofofhe has  been
                                                                             theervices  determined
                                                                                  servicesand  and products
                                                                                                     products
                                                                                                           basedasason
                                                                                                                     described
                                                                                                                       described
                                                                                                                         the VIUbelow.
                                                                                                                                     calculation
                                                                                                                                     below. If Ifananwhich
                                                                                                                                                     arrangement
                                                                                                                                                       arrangement
                                                                                                                                                               includesinvolves
                                                                                                                                                                           involves
the
  estimates
  theprovision
       provisionof
                 aboutofmultiple
                           multiple
                            their  future
                                     performance
                                       performance
                                           financialobligations,
                                                       performance
                                                        obligations,thethe
                                                                        based totalon cash
                                                                            total arrangement
                                                                                    arrangementflowsvalue
                                                                                                       approved
                                                                                                        value isis by
                                                                                                                 allocated
                                                                                                                    allocatedtoto
                                                                                                                         management
                                                                                                                                  each
                                                                                                                                     each covering
                                                                                                                                          performance
                                                                                                                                           performance    a period
                                                                                                                                                              obligations
                                                                                                                                                                obligations
                                                                                                                                                                       of five
based
  basedonon
  years.   Key
             itsitsrelative
                   assumptions
                     relative   stand-alone
                                  stand-alone
                                       used in the
                                                selling
                                                  selling
                                                      VIUprice.
                                                           price.
                                                            calculations
                                                                 When
                                                                   When areestimating
                                                                             estimatingpre-tax
                                                                                  the the   thestand-alone
                                                                                                  stand-alone
                                                                                                   discount     rate
                                                                                                                 selling
                                                                                                                   selling
                                                                                                                      applied
                                                                                                                          price
                                                                                                                            priceand
                                                                                                                                   ofofthe
                                                                                                                                      each
                                                                                                                                        each
                                                                                                                                           long-term
                                                                                                                                             performance
                                                                                                                                                 performance
                                                                                                                                                           growth rate
                                                                                                                                                                 obligations,
                                                                                                                                                                    obligations,
                                                                                                                                                                             of net
the
  operating
  theCompany
       Company  cash maximizes
                        maximizes
                          flows.   Inthe
                                       determining
                                        theuse
                                             useofof these
                                                   observable
                                                     observableprices
                                                               assumptions,
                                                                     priceswhich
                                                                               whichareare
                                                                                  management
                                                                                          established
                                                                                             established
                                                                                                       has using
                                                                                                            taken
                                                                                                               usingthe
                                                                                                                     into
                                                                                                                       theCompany’s
                                                                                                                          consideration
                                                                                                                           Company’s      prices
                                                                                                                                            pricesforfor
                                                                                                                                              the    current
                                                                                                                                                         same
                                                                                                                                                           sameoror
                                                                                                                                                                 conomic
                                                                                                                                                                      similar
                                                                                                                                                                        similar
deliverables.
  deliverables.When
  environment         and
                      When   its
                              observable
                                 observable
                                 resulting   impact
                                              prices
                                               priceson
                                                      arearenot
                                                           expected
                                                             notavailable,
                                                                   available,
                                                                       growth  theand
                                                                                 theCompany
                                                                                      Company
                                                                                        discount   estimates
                                                                                                     estimates
                                                                                                      rates.   The cash
                                                                                                                   tand-alone
                                                                                                                    stand-alone
                                                                                                                           flow selling
                                                                                                                                   projections
                                                                                                                                     sellingprices
                                                                                                                                               pricesreflect
                                                                                                                                                        based
                                                                                                                                                         basedononits
                                                                                                                                                              management’s
                                                                                                                                                                       itsbest
                                                                                                                                                                            best
estimate.
  expectations of the segment's operating performance and growth prospects in the operating segment’s market. The pre-tax
  estimate.
  discount rate applied to an operating segment is derived from the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Management
The
  Thebest
        bestestimate
               estimateofofthe    thestand-alone
                                       stand-aloneselling
                                                       sellingprice
                                                                priceisisthetheprice
                                                                                 priceatatwhich
                                                                                            whichthe  theCompany
                                                                                                           Companywould  wouldnormally
                                                                                                                                   normallyexpect
                                                                                                                                               expecttotoofferofferthe
                                                                                                                                                                     the
  considers factors such as country risk premium, risk-free rate, size premium and cost of debt to derive the WACC. Impairment
services
  servicesororproducts
                   productsand    andisisestablished
                                           establishedbybyconsidering
                                                              consideringa anumbernumberofofinternal
                                                                                                  internalandandexternal
                                                                                                                   externalfactors
                                                                                                                              factorsincluding,
                                                                                                                                         including,but   butnot
                                                                                                                                                              notlimited
                                                                                                                                                                   limitedto,to,
  losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.
geographies,
  geographies,the      theCompany’s
                             Company’spricingpricingpolicies,
                                                      policies,internal
                                                                  internalcosts
                                                                              costsand
                                                                                     andmargins.
                                                                                           margins.Additionally,
                                                                                                         Additionally,inincertain
                                                                                                                             certaincircumstances,
                                                                                                                                        circumstances,the       theCompany
                                                                                                                                                                     Company
  mayapply
  For
may    impaired
        apply  thetheassets,
                      residual
                        residual  other
                                   approach
                                     approach
                                          than when
                                                goodwill, an
                                                  when  estimating
                                                          estimatingthe
                                                                assessment
                                                                        the       is made at
                                                                               stand-alone
                                                                             stand-alone      selling
                                                                                                selling
                                                                                                   each price
                                                                                                          price
                                                                                                          reporting
                                                                                                                ofofsoftware
                                                                                                                      software
                                                                                                                        date as to
                                                                                                                               license
                                                                                                                                  license
                                                                                                                                      whether
                                                                                                                                          products,
                                                                                                                                            products,
                                                                                                                                                    thereforis
                                                                                                                                                           forany
                                                                                                                                                               which
                                                                                                                                                                 whichthe
                                                                                                                                                                     indication
                                                                                                                                                                          the
Company
  Company
  that  previously
              hashasnot notyet
                         recognized
                               yet
                                 established
                                    established
                                          impairment
                                                 the
                                                   theprice
                                                        price
                                                         losses    has
                                                                   may
                                                             ororhas  not
                                                                        not
                                                                          no longer
                                                                             previously
                                                                               previously
                                                                                       exist
                                                                                           sold
                                                                                             sold
                                                                                                oron
                                                                                                   may
                                                                                                     ona ahave
                                                                                                         stand-alone
                                                                                                           stand-alone
                                                                                                                  decreased.
                                                                                                                          basis.
                                                                                                                            basis.If such indication exists, the
  Company estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has
AsAsananincentive,
          incentive,upon    uponclient
                                    clientcontract
                                            contractsignature,
                                                       signature,thetheCompany
                                                                          Companymay    mayprovide
                                                                                                providediscounts.
                                                                                                           discounts.TheseTheseincentives
                                                                                                                                    incentivesare    areconsidered
                                                                                                                                                         consideredininthe    the
  been a change in the assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount of the asset since the last impairment loss was
allocation
  allocationofofthe  therelative
                            relativestand-alone
                                       stand-aloneselling
                                                       sellingprice
                                                                priceofofthe
                                                                           theperformance
                                                                                 performanceobligations.
                                                                                                    obligations.
  recognized. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor
  exceed
The
  The       the
      appropriate
        appropriate carryingrevenue
                         revenue amount     that
                                      recognition would
                                        recognition              been
                                                          haveisis
                                                     method
                                                       method      applied          eachnet of
                                                                          determined,
                                                                    appliedfor  foreach             amortization,
                                                                                          performance
                                                                                             performance     obligation     no
                                                                                                                        hadas
                                                                                                                obligation        impairment
                                                                                                                             asdescribed
                                                                                                                                  described       below.been recognized
                                                                                                                                              below.loss
  for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Managed
  ManagedITITand      andbusiness
                             businessprocess
                                           processservices
                                                        services
 LONG-TERM
Revenue
 Revenue from     FINANCIAL
            frommanaged
                   managed       ASSETS
                            ITITand
                                 and business
                                       businessprocess
                                                 processervices
                                                        servicesarrangements
                                                                  arrangementsisisgenerally
                                                                                   generallyrecognized
                                                                                               recognizedover
                                                                                                           overtime
                                                                                                                 timeasasthe
                                                                                                                           theservices
                                                                                                                               servicesare
                                                                                                                                        are
provided
 providedatatthe
               thecontractual
                    contractualbillings,
                                 billings,
                                         which
                                           which
                                               corresponds
                                                 correspondswith
                                                              with
                                                                 the
                                                                   the
                                                                     value
                                                                       value provided
                                                                           provided toto
                                                                                       the
                                                                                         theclient,
                                                                                              client,
                                                                                                    unless
                                                                                                      unless
                                                                                                           there
                                                                                                             thereisis
 Long-term financial assets are comprised mainly of deferred compensation plan assets and long-term investments bondsa a
                                                                                                                       better
                                                                                                                         bettermeasure
                                                                                                                                measure ofof
performance
 performance   oror
                  delivery.
                    delivery.
 which are presented as long-term based on their maturity date.
Business
  Businessand   andstrategic
                        strategicITITconsulting
                                            consultingand       andsystems
                                                                       systemsintegration
                                                                                    integrationservices
                                                                                                      services
  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
Revenue
  Revenuefrom frombusiness
                       businessand     andstrategic
                                              strategicITITconsulting
                                                                consultingand   andsystems
                                                                                      systemsintegration
                                                                                                   integrationservices
                                                                                                                    servicesunder undertime
                                                                                                                                          timeand  andmaterial
                                                                                                                                                         materialarrangements
                                                                                                                                                                     arrangementsisis
  The   Company
recognized
  recognized     over
               over    accounts
                          timeasasthe
                        time           for  its  business
                                       theservices
                                             services   are     combinations
                                                           arerendered,
                                                                 rendered,and   and using
                                                                                      revenue
                                                                                    revenue  theunder
                                                                                                  acquisition
                                                                                                   undercost-based method.
                                                                                                             cost-based          Under this method,
                                                                                                                             arrangements
                                                                                                                               arrangements                  the consideration
                                                                                                                                                  isisrecognized
                                                                                                                                                        recognized    over
                                                                                                                                                                        overtime timeasas
  transferred
reimbursable
  reimbursable   iscosts
                      measured
                     costs  are        at fair value.
                                     incurred.
                               areincurred.                Acquisition
                                                  Contractual
                                                    Contractual      billingsand
                                                                       billings    related
                                                                                ofof
                                                                                   such       integration costs
                                                                                     sucharrangements
                                                                                              arrangements            associated
                                                                                                                 correspond
                                                                                                                   correspond      with
                                                                                                                                    withwith
                                                                                                                                         the   the
                                                                                                                                            thevalue business
                                                                                                                                                 value  provided
                                                                                                                                                          providedcombination
                                                                                                                                                                     totothe
                                                                                                                                                                           theclient, are
                                                                                                                                                                                  client,
  expensed
and
  andtherefore as    incurred
                      revenuesare
        thereforerevenues          or   when     a  present      legal   or
                                                            recognizedwhen
                                            generallyrecognized
                                      aregenerally                           constructive       obligation
                                                                                      amountsbecome
                                                                             whenamounts                       exists.
                                                                                                                billable.
                                                                                                   becomebillable.       The    Company        recognizes       goodwill    as    the
  excess of the cost of the acquisition over the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at
  Revenuefrom
Revenue
  their       from  business
                       business
         acquisition-date           and
                                 fair  and strategic
                                              strategic
                                        values.      TheITIT  consulting
                                                                consultingand
                                                            goodwill     recognized   systems
                                                                                andsystems
                                                                                         is      integration
                                                                                                   integration
                                                                                             composed         of the  futureunder
                                                                                                                    services
                                                                                                                  services        under   fixed-fee
                                                                                                                                        fixed-fee
                                                                                                                                 economic                arrangements
                                                                                                                                                       arrangements
                                                                                                                                                value associated         toisis
                                                                                                                                                                             acquired
  recognized
  work   forceusing
recognized       usingthe
                and         the  percentage-of-completion
                                                      Company’s method
                               percentage-of-completion
                         synergies with the                                methodover
                                                                         operations   over time,
                                                                                       which  time, asasthe
                                                                                                  are      theCompany
                                                                                                       primarilyCompany
                                                                                                                     due tohas  hasnono of         costsuse
                                                                                                                                          alternative
                                                                                                                                        alternative
                                                                                                                                reduction                  use     the
                                                                                                                                                           andforfor
                                                                                                                                                                 new       asset
                                                                                                                                                                      theasset
                                                                                                                                                                        business
  created
created    and
            andhas
  opportunities.   hasanan   enforceable
                               enforceable
                      Management                   righttoto
                                                 right
                                             makes           payment
                                                               paymentforfor
                                                       assumptions          whenperformance
                                                                                  performance      completed
                                                                                     determining the completedtoto    date.
                                                                                                                         date.The
                                                                                                             acquisition-date     TheCompany
                                                                                                                                    fairCompany         primarilyuses
                                                                                                                                                      primarily
                                                                                                                                          values of the                      labour
                                                                                                                                                                     useslabour
                                                                                                                                                              identifiable              costs
                                                                                                                                                                                      costs
                                                                                                                                                                                tangible
   measure
toto
  andmeasure   the
        intangible       progress
                      progress
                  theassets          towards
                                        towards
                                  acquired         completion.
                                                  andcompletion.
                                                        liabilities ThisThis method
                                                                       assumed method  relies
                                                                                     whichrelies ononestimates
                                                                                              involve    estimates
                                                                                                         estimates,  ofoftotal
                                                                                                                         such    expected
                                                                                                                            totalasexpectedlabour
                                                                                                                                      the                   costs,
                                                                                                                                                 labourcosts,
                                                                                                                                            forecasting      of      which
                                                                                                                                                                   which
                                                                                                                                                                future        areflows,
                                                                                                                                                                            are
                                                                                                                                                                          cash
  compared
compared     totolabour
  discount rates    labour
                       andcostscosts
                              the              livestoof
                                         incurred
                                       incurred
                                    useful            todate,
                                                           date,
                                                           the    totoarrive
                                                                 assets arrive
                                                                            acquired.   estimate
                                                                              atatananestimate
                                                                                         Subsequent ofofthe
                                                                                                          theprogress
                                                                                                                progress
                                                                                                             changes           completion
                                                                                                                          intoto
                                                                                                                              faircompletion
                                                                                                                                   values are      which
                                                                                                                                                 which            as partthe
                                                                                                                                                            determines
                                                                                                                                                          determines
                                                                                                                                                    recorded                 thethe
                                                                                                                                                                             of
percentage
  percentage   of ofrevenue
                       revenue    earned
                                     earned   to todate.
                                                     date. Factors
                                                              Factors   considered
                                                                           considered   ininthetheestimates
                                                                                                    estimates    include:
                                                                                                                   include:
  purchase price allocation and therefore result in corresponding goodwill adjustments if they qualify as measurement period  changes
                                                                                                                                changes    in in
                                                                                                                                               scope
                                                                                                                                                 scope   ofof
                                                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                                                              the contracts,
                                                                                                                                                                    contracts,    delays
                                                                                                                                                                                    delays
inin
   reaching
     reaching  milestones,
                 milestones,       complexities
                                      complexities     in inproject
                                                              project  delivery,
                                                                          delivery,   availability
                                                                                    availability    and
  adjustments. The measurement period is the period between the date of acquisition and the date where all ignificant ability
                                                                                                      and retention
                                                                                                             retention  of ofqualified
                                                                                                                               qualified IT ITprofessionals
                                                                                                                                                professionals     and/or
                                                                                                                                                                    and/or  thethe ability
   the
ofof thesubcontractors
          subcontractors
  information    necessary          toperform
                               totoperform
                                        determinetheir
                                                    theirobligation
                                                         theobligation   within
                                                               fair values  within
                                                                               is agreed
                                                                                    agreedupon
                                                                                  available,    upon
                                                                                                 notbudget
                                                                                                      tobudget
                                                                                                          exceed and
                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                     12timeframes.           Management
                                                                                                                           months. AllManagement
                                                                                                                          timeframes.        other              regularly
                                                                                                                                                              regularly
                                                                                                                                                     subsequent               reviews
                                                                                                                                                                           reviews
                                                                                                                                                                       changes       in
underlying
  underlying  estimates
                estimates      ofoftotal
                                      totalexpected
                                              expected    labour
                                                             labour   costs.
                                                                        costs.
  judgements and estimates are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Software
  Softwarelicenses
                licensesand    andSoftware-as-a-Service
                                      Software-as-a-Service(SaaS)       (SaaS)
  EARNINGS PER SHARE
CGI
  CGIoffers
        offersitsitsintellectual
                      intellectualproperty
                                       property(IP) (IP)solutions
                                                          solutionsasaswellwellasasthird
                                                                                     thirdparty
                                                                                            partysolutions
                                                                                                   solutionsininthetheform
                                                                                                                        formofofsoftware
                                                                                                                                  softwarelicense
                                                                                                                                                licensearrangements.
                                                                                                                                                           arrangements.
  Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
Most
  Mostofofthese
             thesearrangements
                       arrangementsinclude   includeother
                                                        otherservices
                                                                servicesuch suchasasimplementation,
                                                                                       implementation,customization
                                                                                                           customizationand     andmaintenance.
                                                                                                                                        maintenance.For    Forthese
                                                                                                                                                                 thesetypes
                                                                                                                                                                          types
  per share is determined using the treasury stock method to evaluate the dilutive effect of performance share units (PSUs),
ofofarrangements,
      arrangements,revenue  revenuefrom  froma asoftware
                                                   softwarelicense,
                                                                license,whenwhenidentified
                                                                                   identifiedasasa aperformance
                                                                                                      performanceobligation,
                                                                                                                         obligation,isisrecognized
                                                                                                                                            recognizedatata apoint pointinintime
                                                                                                                                                                              time
  stock options and restricted share units (RSUs).
upon
  upondelivery.
         delivery.Otherwise
                       Otherwisewhen   whenthe  thesoftware
                                                      softwareisisignificantly
                                                                      significantlycustomized,
                                                                                      customized,integrated
                                                                                                      integratedorormodified,
                                                                                                                         modified,it itisiscombined
                                                                                                                                             combinedwith  withthethe
implementation
  implementationand      andcustomization
                                 customizationservices
                                                     servicesand  andisisaccounted
                                                                          accountedforforasasdescribed
                                                                                                 describedininthe thebusiness
                                                                                                                        businessand andstrategic
                                                                                                                                            strategicITITconsulting
                                                                                                                                                            consultingand   and
  RESEARCH AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS
systems
  systemsintegration
              integrationservices
                                servicesection
                                             sectionabove.
                                                        above.Revenue
                                                                  Revenuefrom  frommaintenance
                                                                                      maintenanceservices
                                                                                                        servicesforforsoftware
                                                                                                                        softwarelicenses
                                                                                                                                    licensesold   soldisisrecognized
                                                                                                                                                            recognized
  Research
straight-line
  straight-line costs
                 over    are
                    overthe     charged
                           thetermtermofoftheto maintenance
                                             theearnings
                                                  maintenance in the  period in which they are incurred, net of related tax credits. Development costs
                                                                   period.
                                                                     period.
  related to software and business solutions are charged to earnings in the period they are incurred, net of related tax credits,
  CGI
CGI   also
  unlessalso provides
               provides
            they   meetits            solutions
                             itsIPIPsolutions
                            specific             ininthe
                                        capitalization theform
                                                             formofofSaaS
                                                            criteria   SaaSwhere
                                                                      related  where  the
                                                                                to technical,customer
                                                                                        thecustomer
                                                                                                 market cannot
                                                                                                         cannot  terminate
                                                                                                                    terminate
                                                                                                          and financial        the      hosting
                                                                                                                                 thehosting
                                                                                                                            feasibility            contractand
                                                                                                                                                contract
                                                                                                                                            as described       and
                                                                                                                                                              in     take
                                                                                                                                                                   take
                                                                                                                                                                  the
possession
  possession    of ofthe
                       thesoftware
                             software
  Intangible assets section above.      without
                                          without  significant
                                                      significant penalty.
                                                                     penalty. SaaS
                                                                                SaaS  are
                                                                                        are  part
                                                                                           part  ofof
                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                      the managed
                                                                                                         managed       ITIT
                                                                                                                          and
                                                                                                                            and business
                                                                                                                                  business    process
                                                                                                                                                process     ervices
                                                                                                                                                             services  offering
                                                                                                                                                                         offering
where
  whererevenue
           revenueisisgenerally
                            generallyrecognized
                                           recognizedover   overtime
                                                                   timeasasthe
                                                                             theservices
                                                                                  servicesare areprovided.
                                                                                                   provided.Transition
                                                                                                              Transitionactivities
                                                                                                                              activitiestotobring
                                                                                                                                               bringclients
                                                                                                                                                       clientstotothetheSaaS
                                                                                                                                                                           SaaS
platforms,
  platforms,including
                 includinghosting
                                hostingset-up
                                            set-upand andcustomization,
                                                            customization,that  thatare
                                                                                      arenot
                                                                                           notconsidered
                                                                                               considereddistinct
                                                                                                              distinctperformance
                                                                                                                          performanceobligations
                                                                                                                                             obligationsare  arecapitalized
                                                                                                                                                                   capitalized
asastransition
      transitioncostscostsandandamortized
                                    amortizedover  overthe theservice
                                                                serviceperiod.
                                                                          period.


CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                 thethe years
                                                      years ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,30,
                                                                                2025
                                                                                   2025
                                                                                      and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                          2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                                       1317
                                                                                                                                                                                         13
                                                                                                                                             FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 91

Notes
Notestotothe
          theConsolidated
             ConsolidatedFinancial
                          FinancialStatements
                                    Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2025
                                          2025and
                                                and2024
                                                    2024
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)
REVENUE
 REVENUE
 TAX    RECOGNITION,
         RECOGNITION,WORK
     CREDITS          WORKININPROGRESS
                               PROGRESSAND
                                        ANDDEFERRED
                                            DEFERREDREVENUE
                                                     REVENUE(CONTINUED)
                                                              (CONTINUED)
Work
 Workinin
 The     progress
           progress
       Company           and
                     followsandthe
                               deferred
                                 deferred
                                   income revenue
                                            revenue
                                             approach to account for research and development (R&D) and other tax credits, whereby tax
 credits
Amounts  are   recorded       when
            recognizedasasrevenue
 Amountsrecognized                  there  is   reasonable
                                              aexcess
                                 revenueininexcess              assurance
                                                            billings
                                                      ofofbillings  are        that the
                                                                       areclassified
                                                                            classified   assistance
                                                                                      asaswork        will be received
                                                                                           workininprogress.
                                                                                                    progress.  Amounts
                                                                                                                 Amounts and  that the
                                                                                                                          received
                                                                                                                            received    Company
                                                                                                                                    ininadvance
                                                                                                                                          advanceofofwill
                                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                                        the
 comply   with   all  relevant   conditions.   Under   this
                                                  productsare
                                     deliveryofofproducts
                       servicesorordelivery
 performanceofofservices
performance                                                  method,     tax
                                                               areclassified  credits  related revenue.Work
                                                                                     deferredrevenue.
                                                                    classifiedasasdeferred     to  operating   expenditures   are
                                                                                                                    progressand
                                                                                                           Workininprogress        recorded
                                                                                                                               anddeferred     as
                                                                                                                                    deferredrevenuea
                                                                                                                                                revenueare are
 reduction
presented
 presentednetofnet
                 the
                  ononarelated   expenses
                            contract
                         acontract    by-contract
                                    by-contract    recognized
                                             and basis.      During
                                                     basis.During     the
                                                                  in the   period
                                                                       theyear     in which
                                                                            yearended
                                                                                  ended      the related
                                                                                         September
                                                                                           September  30,  expenditures
                                                                                                        30,2025,
                                                                                                             2025,the      are charged
                                                                                                                    therevenues
                                                                                                                         revenues          to earnings.
                                                                                                                                  recognized
                                                                                                                                    recognized   from
                                                                                                                                                   fromtheTax
                                                                                                                                                          the
 credits related
short-term
 short-term          to capital
              deferred
           deferred               expenditures
                             revenue
                          revenue    was
                                      wasnot      are recorded
                                            notsignificantly
                                                 significantly      as a reduction
                                                               different
                                                                 different than    what
                                                                             thanwhat  of was
                                                                                        was   cost  of theasrelated
                                                                                          thepresented
                                                                                               presented             assets. The
                                                                                                            asatatSeptember
                                                                                                                   September  30, tax
                                                                                                                                30,2024.credits recorded
                                                                                                                                    2024.
 are based on management's best estimates of amounts expected to be received and are subject to audit by the taxation
 authorities.
CASH
 CASHAND ANDCASHThese      estimates
                 CASHEQUIVALENTS
                            EQUIVALENTSare reviewed each reporting period and updated, based on new information available.

Cash
  Cash and
  INCOME andcash
              cashequivalents
             TAXES   equivalentsconsist
                                 consistofofunrestricted
                                             unrestrictedcash
                                                          cashand
                                                               andshort-term
                                                                   short-terminvestments
                                                                               investmentshaving
                                                                                           havinga amaturity
                                                                                                     maturityofofthree
                                                                                                                   threemonths
                                                                                                                         monthsororless
                                                                                                                                     less
from
  fromthe
        thedate
            dateofofpurchase.
                      purchase.
  Income taxes are accounted for using the liability method of accounting.
SHORT-TERM
 SHORT-TERM
 Current income  INVESTMENTS
                   INVESTMENTS
                    taxes are recognized with respect to the amounts expected to be paid or recovered under the tax rates and
 laws  that have
Short-term
 Short-term       been  enacted
              investments,
            investments,         or generally
                                   substantively
                            comprise
                           comprise                 enacted
                                      generallyofofterm
                                                     term   at     balance
                                                               thehave
                                                        deposits,
                                                          deposits, have   sheets date.
                                                                       remaining
                                                                         remaining
                                                                                 maturities
                                                                                   maturitiesover
                                                                                              overthree
                                                                                                    threemonths,
                                                                                                          months,but
                                                                                                                  butnot
                                                                                                                      notmore
                                                                                                                          morethan
                                                                                                                                than
one
  oneyear,
        year,atat
  Deferred        the
                 ax thedate
                          dateof
                     assets      ofpurchase.
                                and  purchase.
                                      liabilities are determined based on deductible or taxable temporary differences between the amounts
  reported for consolidated financial statement purposes and tax values of the assets and liabilities using enacted or
FUNDS
  FUNDS     HELD
              HELDFOR
  substantively         FORCLIENTS
                      enacted   CLIENTS
                                   tax rates ANDAND
                                                 thatCLIENTS’
                                                         CLIENTS’
                                                        will             FUNDS
                                                              be in effect  FUNDS forOBLIGATIONS
                                                                                        OBLIGATIONS
                                                                                       the   year in which the differences are expected to be recovered or
  settled.
InIn         Deferred
     connection
   connection              tax
                      withthe
                    with      theassets
                                   Company’s
                                 Company’s and payroll,
                                                  liabilities
                                                      payroll,taxare    recognized
                                                                   taxfiling  and
                                                                         filing            in
                                                                                        claims
                                                                                 andclaims    earnings,
                                                                                                 ervices,
                                                                                                  services, inthe
                                                                                                                other
                                                                                                                the    comprehensive
                                                                                                                  Company
                                                                                                                     Company   collects     income
                                                                                                                                 collectsfunds
                                                                                                                                             funds     or in
                                                                                                                                                   forfor    equity
                                                                                                                                                        payment
                                                                                                                                                           payment     based
                                                                                                                                                                    ofof payroll,on the
                                                                                                                                                                           payroll,
  classification
taxes
  taxesandandclaims, of the item
                 claims,  temporarily to which
                             temporarily      holds
                                           holds    theysuch
                                                       uch  relate.
                                                              funds
                                                                fundsuntil  untilpayment
                                                                                    paymentisisdue,  due,remits
                                                                                                           remitsthethefunds
                                                                                                                         fundstotothe
                                                                                                                                    theclients’
                                                                                                                                         clients’employees,
                                                                                                                                                   employees,appropriate
                                                                                                                                                                    appropriatetax    tax
authorities
  authoritiesororclaims
                      claimsholders,
                                holders,filesfilestaxtaxreturns
                                                           returnsand   andhandles
                                                                              handlesrelatedrelatedregulatory
                                                                                                       regulatorycorrespondence
                                                                                                                     correspondenceand     andamendments.
                                                                                                                                                 amendments.The      Thefunds
                                                                                                                                                                            funds
  Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
held
  heldforforclients
              clientsinclude
                        includecash,cash,short-term
                                            short-terminvestments
                                                              investmentsand        andlong-term
                                                                                          long-termbonds.bonds.The TheCompany
                                                                                                                         Companypresents
                                                                                                                                      presentsthe thefunds
                                                                                                                                                         fundsheld
                                                                                                                                                                heldforforclients
                                                                                                                                                                            clients
  that taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Once this assessment is made, the Company
and
  andrelated
        relatedobligations
                   obligationseparately.
                                    separately.Funds  Fundsheld  heldforforclients
                                                                               clientsare areclassified
                                                                                               classifiedasascurrent
                                                                                                                  currentassets
                                                                                                                           assetsincesincethese
                                                                                                                                             thesefunds
                                                                                                                                                      fundsare
                                                                                                                                                             areheld
                                                                                                                                                                   heldsolely
                                                                                                                                                                           solelyforfor
  considers the analysis of forecasts and future tax planning strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the
the
  thepurpose
       purposeofofsatisfying
                        satisfyingthe  theclients’
                                            clients’fundsfundsobligations,
                                                                   obligations,which   whichwillwillbeberepaid
                                                                                                          repaidwithin
                                                                                                                   withinone
                                                                                                                           oneyear
                                                                                                                                yearofofthetheconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                consolidatedbalance
                                                                                                                                                                  balancesheet sheet
  forecast by jurisdiction on an undiscounted basis.
date.
  date.TheThemarket
                 marketfluctuations
                            fluctuationsaffectaffectthe thefair
                                                              fairvalue
                                                                     valueofofthe  thelong-term
                                                                                        long-termbonds.bonds.Due Duetotothose
                                                                                                                          thosefluctuations,
                                                                                                                                  fluctuations,fundsfundsheld
                                                                                                                                                            heldforforclients
                                                                                                                                                                        clientsmight
                                                                                                                                                                                  might
  The
not
  not   Company
     equal
       equalto      theis
                tothe      subject
                       clients'
                          clients'    to
                                  funds
                                     fundsincome
                                           obligations.tax laws in numerous jurisdictions. Judgement is required in determining the worldwide
                                              obligations.
  provision for income taxes as the determination of tax liabilities and assets involves uncertainties in the interpretation of
Interest
  Interestincome
              incomeearned
                         earnedand   andrealized
                                           realizedgains  gainsand  andlosses
                                                                           lossesononthe   thedisposal
                                                                                                disposalofofshort-term
                                                                                                                short-terminvestments
                                                                                                                             investmentsand    andlong-term
                                                                                                                                                     long-termbonds
                                                                                                                                                                  bondsare   are
  complex tax regulations and requires estimates and assumptions considering the existing facts and circumstances. The
recorded
  recordedininrevenue
                   revenueininthe   theperiod
                                         periodthat thatthe theincome
                                                                  incomeisisearned,earned,asasthe   thecollecting,
                                                                                                         collecting,holding
                                                                                                                       holdingand
                                                                                                                                andremitting
                                                                                                                                       remittingofofthese
                                                                                                                                                        thesefunds
                                                                                                                                                               fundsare  arecritical
                                                                                                                                                                              critical
  Company provides for potential tax liabilities based on the most likely amount of the possible outcomes. Estimates are
components
  componentsofofprovidingprovidingthesetheseservices.
                                                services.
  reviewed each reporting period and updated, based on new information available, and could result in changes to the income
  tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities in the period in which such determinations are made.
PROPERTY,
  PROPERTY,PLANT     PLANTAND     ANDEQUIPMENT
                                          EQUIPMENT(PP&E)       (PP&E)
PP&E
 PP&Eare
      arerecorded
 PROVISIONSrecordedatatcost
                        costand
                             andare
                                 aredepreciated
                                     depreciatedover
                                                 overtheir
                                                       theirestimated
                                                             estimateduseful
                                                                       usefullives
                                                                                livesusing
                                                                                      usingthe
                                                                                             thestraight-line
                                                                                                  straight-linemethod.
                                                                                                                method.
 Provisions
  Buildings are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past10
Buildings                                                                                                                        event,
                                                                                                                                   10
                                                                                                                                    toto   ityears
                                                                                                                                        4040   is
                                                                                                                                               years
 probable
  Leasehold
Leasehold    that  an  outflow
               improvements
            improvements       of resources embodying   economic  benefits will be required  to settle the obligation
                                                                                                      Lesser
                                                                                                        Lesser
                                                                                                             ofof
                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                  the  and
                                                                                                                      useful
                                                                                                                    useful    a   reliable
                                                                                                                           lifelife
                                                                                                                                  oror
                                                                                                                                     lease
                                                                                                                                       lease  term
                                                                                                                                                 term
 estimate
Furniture,
  Furniture, can
           fixturesbeand
              fixtures made
                       and   of the amount of the obligation. The Company’s provisions consist of liabilities for litigation 3and
                         equipment
                           equipment                                                                                                3
                                                                                                                                    toto claims
                                                                                                                                        1010years
                                                                                                                                               years
 provisions
Computer
  Computer      arising in the ordinary course of business, decommissioning liabilities for leases of office buildings, onerous
           equipment
              equipment                                                                                                             33toto
                                                                                                                                         55 years
                                                                                                                                               years
  revenue-generating contracts and onerous supplier contracts. The Company also records severance provisions related to
  specific initiatives such as restructuring, cost optimization programs and the integration of its business acquisitions.
LEASES
  LEASES
  The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
When
  Whenthe    theCompany
                   Companyenters  entersintointocontractual
                                                       contractualagreements
                                                                       agreementswith     withsuppliers,
                                                                                                suppliers,ananassessment
                                                                                                                    assessmentisisperformed
                                                                                                                                         performedtotodetermine
                                                                                                                                                           determineif ifthethe
  end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Provisions are
contract
  contractcontains
                containsa alease.
                                lease.The  TheCompanyCompanyidentified
                                                                   identifiedlease  leaseagreements
                                                                                             agreementsunder  underthe thefollowing
                                                                                                                            followingcategories:
                                                                                                                                           categories:Properties,
                                                                                                                                                         Properties,MotorMotor
  discounted using a current pre-tax rate when the impact of the time value of money is material. The increase in the provisions
vehicles
  vehiclesand  andothers,
                     others,asaswellwellasasComputer
                                              Computerequipment.
                                                               equipment.
  due to the passage of time is recognized as finance costs.
The
  TheCompany
          Companyidentifies
                       identifiesa alease
                                        leaseif ifit itconveys
                                                         conveysthetheright
                                                                          righttotocontrol
                                                                                     controlthe
                                                                                              theuseuseofofananidentified
                                                                                                                 identifiedasset
                                                                                                                             assetforfora aspecific
                                                                                                                                            specificperiod
                                                                                                                                                     periodininexchange
                                                                                                                                                                 exchange
  The accrued litigation and legal claims provisions are based on historical experience, current trends and other assumptions
forfora adetermined
           determinedconsideration.
                           consideration.AtAtinception,inception,a aright-of-use
                                                                       right-of-useassetassetforforthe
                                                                                                     theunderlying
                                                                                                         underlyingassetassetand
                                                                                                                               andcorresponding
                                                                                                                                      correspondingleaseleaseliability
                                                                                                                                                               liabilityare
                                                                                                                                                                         are
  that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates include the period in which the underlying cause of the
presented
  presentedininthe   theconsolidated
                           consolidatedbalance
                                             balancesheet   sheetmeasured
                                                                   measuredonona apresent  presentvalue
                                                                                                      valuebasis
                                                                                                              basisexcept
                                                                                                                     exceptforforshort-term
                                                                                                                                  short-termleases
                                                                                                                                                 leases(expected
                                                                                                                                                          (expectedtermterm
  claim occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.
ofof1212months
           monthsororless)less)and
                                 andleases
                                        leaseswith  withlowlowvalue
                                                               valueunderlying
                                                                         underlyingasset assetforforwhich
                                                                                                      whichpayments
                                                                                                              paymentsare  arerecorded
                                                                                                                                recordedasasananexpense
                                                                                                                                                    expenseonona a
straight-line
  straight-line  basis
                    basis  over
                            overthethe lease
                                         leaseterm.term.
  Decommissioning liabilities pertain to leases of buildings where certain arrangements require premises to be returned to their
  original state at the end of the lease term. The provision is determined using the present value of the estimated future cash
The
  Theright-of-use
          right-of-useassets
                           assetsare aremeasured
                                           measuredatatinitial initiallease
                                                                         leaseliabilities
                                                                                  liabilitiesadjusted
                                                                                              adjustedbybylease leasepayments
                                                                                                                        paymentsmademadebeforebeforethe
                                                                                                                                                      thecommencement
                                                                                                                                                           commencement
  outflows.
date,
  date,indirect
            indirectcosts
                      costsand andlease
                                      leaseincentives
                                              incentivesreceived.
                                                                received.The    Theright-of-use
                                                                                      right-of-useassets
                                                                                                       assetsare aredepreciated
                                                                                                                     depreciatedonona astraight-line
                                                                                                                                              straight-linebasis
                                                                                                                                                             basisover
                                                                                                                                                                     overthethe
expected
  expected
  Provisions  lease
                leaseterm
                  for    term
                      onerousofofthetheunderlying
                                          underlying
                                   revenue-generating     asset.
                                                            asset.contracts are recorded when remaining unavoidable costs of fulfilling the contract
  exceed the remaining estimated revenue from the contract. Management regularly reviews arrangement profitability and the
  underlying estimates.

CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                 thethe years
                                                      years ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,30,
                                                                                2025
                                                                                   2025
                                                                                      and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                          2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                                   1418
                                                                                                                                                                                     14
  92 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notestotothe
          theConsolidated
             ConsolidatedFinancial
                          FinancialStatements
                                    Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2025
                                          2025and
                                                and2024
                                                    2024
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)

REVENUE
 PROVISIONS
 REVENUERECOGNITION,
         RECOGNITION,
            (CONTINUED)
                     WORK
                      WORKININPROGRESS
                               PROGRESSAND
                                        ANDDEFERRED
                                            DEFERREDREVENUE
                                                     REVENUE(CONTINUED)
                                                              (CONTINUED)
Relative
  Relative stand-alone
  Provisions fortand-alone
                      onerous selling
                                 selling
                                 supplierprice
                                           price
                                             contracts are recorded when the unavoidable net cash flows from honoring the contract are
  negative. The provision represents the lowest of the costs to fulfill the contract and the penalties to exit the contract. Those are
The
  TheCompany’s
       Company’sarrangements
                        arrangementsoften   ofteninclude
                                                    includea amix mixofofthetheservices
                                                                                 servicesand andproducts
                                                                                                    productsasasdescribed
                                                                                                                    describedbelow. below.If Ifananarrangement
                                                                                                                                                     arrangementinvolves   involves
  generally related to non-lease components of vacated leased premises.
the
  theprovision
      provisionofofmultiple
                        multipleperformance
                                   performanceobligations,
                                                     obligations,the  thetotal
                                                                             totalarrangement
                                                                                   arrangementvalue   valueisisallocated
                                                                                                                 allocatedtotoeach eachperformance
                                                                                                                                            performanceobligations
                                                                                                                                                               obligations
based
  Severance
  based ononitsitsrelative
                  provisions are
                    relativestand-alone
                              stand-alone
                                      recognized
                                             selling
                                               sellingwhen
                                                       price.
                                                         price.
                                                              aWhen
                                                                  detailed
                                                                  When    estimating
                                                                            estimating
                                                                              formal     the
                                                                                        plan
                                                                                           theidentifies
                                                                                              stand-alone
                                                                                                stand-alone
                                                                                                          theselling
                                                                                                                business
                                                                                                                 sellingprice
                                                                                                                          price
                                                                                                                             orofof
                                                                                                                                  part
                                                                                                                                     each
                                                                                                                                        each
                                                                                                                                         of  the
                                                                                                                                              performance
                                                                                                                                                performance
                                                                                                                                                  business      concerned,
                                                                                                                                                                 obligations,
                                                                                                                                                                     obligations,
the
  theCompany
      Company
      location     and
                    maximizes
                      maximizes
                        numberthe   of
                                    theuse
                                         mployees
                                         useof ofobservable
                                                   observable
                                                       affected, aprices
                                                                    prices
                                                                       detailed
                                                                            which
                                                                              whichare are
                                                                                    estimate
                                                                                          established
                                                                                            established
                                                                                                 of the using
                                                                                                        associated
                                                                                                            using the
                                                                                                                    thecosts,
                                                                                                                       Company’s
                                                                                                                         Company’s appropriate
                                                                                                                                          prices
                                                                                                                                             pricesforfor
                                                                                                                                                    timelines
                                                                                                                                                        same
                                                                                                                                                          sameoror  andsimilar
                                                                                                                                                                         similar
                                                                                                                                                                          has
deliverables.
  deliverables.
  been   communicated
                   When
                     When to
                          observable
                             observable
                                  those prices
                                          affected
                                             pricesarearenot
                                                      by  it.notavailable,
                                                                  available,the theCompany
                                                                                     Companyestimates
                                                                                                    estimatestand-alone
                                                                                                                 stand-aloneselling sellingprices
                                                                                                                                               pricesbased
                                                                                                                                                        basedononitsitsbest best
estimate.
  estimate.
  TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES
The
  Thebest
       bestestimate
              estimateofofthe  thestand-alone
                                    stand-aloneselling
                                                     sellingprice
                                                               priceisisthetheprice
                                                                                priceatatwhich
                                                                                           whichthe theCompany
                                                                                                         Companywould  wouldnormally
                                                                                                                                 normallyexpectexpecttotoofferofferthethe
  The  Company’s
services
  servicesoror          consolidated
                  productsand
               products       and         financialbyby
                                       established
                                  isisestablished      statements
                                                             considering
                                                          considering   area anumber
                                                                                 numberofin
                                                                              presented         Canadian
                                                                                            ofinternal
                                                                                                internaland
                                                                                                          anddollars,
                                                                                                              external
                                                                                                                externalwhich
                                                                                                                          factors is also
                                                                                                                            factors           the
                                                                                                                                       including, parent
                                                                                                                                         including,  but
                                                                                                                                                       butnotcompany’s
                                                                                                                                                              notlimited
                                                                                                                                                                    limitedto,to,
  functional
geographies,    currency.
  geographies,the            Each
                          Company’s
                     theCompany’s     entity in the
                                          pricing
                                        pricing       Company
                                                  policies,
                                                    policies,        determines
                                                              internal
                                                                 internal costs
                                                                             costsand its own
                                                                                     and   margins.
                                                                                         margins.functional   currency
                                                                                                       Additionally,
                                                                                                     Additionally,    ininand
                                                                                                                         certain
                                                                                                                           certainitems     included
                                                                                                                                      circumstances,
                                                                                                                                        circumstances,  in the
                                                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                                                               the financial
                                                                                                                                                                   Company
                                                                                                                                                                      Company
  statements
may
  may   applythe
      apply        of each
                 the         entity
                      residual
                    residual         are
                                approach  measured
                                  approachwhen           using
                                               whenestimating
                                                        estimating that
                                                                     the functional
                                                                        the   stand-alone
                                                                           stand-alone  currency.
                                                                                            selling  Functional
                                                                                               sellingprice
                                                                                                        price      currency is
                                                                                                             ofofsoftware
                                                                                                                   software  license       currency
                                                                                                                                     the products,
                                                                                                                                license      products,  of  the
                                                                                                                                                        forfor    primary
                                                                                                                                                              which
                                                                                                                                                                which   the
                                                                                                                                                                          the
  economic
Company
  Companyhas    environment
                hasnotnot  yet in
                         yet         which the
                              established
                                established     thentity
                                              the  price   operates.
                                                      priceororhashasnotnotpreviously
                                                                              previouslysoldsoldonona astand-alone
                                                                                                         stand-alonebasis.basis.
AsForeign    currency
  Asananincentive,
          incentive,
                   upon transactions
                     upon client        and
                            clientcontract
                                   contract   balances
                                           signature,
                                             signature,the
                                                         theCompany
                                                              Companymay mayprovide
                                                                             providediscounts.
                                                                                      discounts.These
                                                                                                 Theseincentives
                                                                                                        incentivesare
                                                                                                                   areconsidered
                                                                                                                       consideredininthe
                                                                                                                                       the
allocation
  allocationofof
               the
                 the
                   relative
                     relativestand-alone
                               stand-alone selling
                                             selling
                                                   price
                                                     priceofof
                                                             the
                                                               the
                                                                 performance
                                                                   performanceobligations.
                                                                                obligations.
  Revenue, expenses and non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate of
 exchange
The
 The       prevailing
    appropriate
     appropriate      at the
                  revenue
                revenue       transaction
                            recognition
                          recognition    method
                                       method   Monetary
                                          date.isis
                                                  applied   assets
                                                    appliedforfor
                                                                eachand
                                                                  each  liabilities
                                                                     performance    denominated
                                                                       performanceobligation       in
                                                                                      obligationasas  foreign
                                                                                                    described   below. are translated at
                                                                                                              currencies
                                                                                                      describedbelow.
 exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheets date. Unrealized and realized translation gains and losses are reflected in the
Managed
 Managed ITITand
 consolidated andbusiness
                   business
              statements   ofprocess
                                processservices
                               earnings. services
Revenue
 Revenue
 Foreignfromfrommanaged
                   managedITITand
           operations              andbusiness
                                         businessprocess
                                                    processervices
                                                             servicesarrangements
                                                                         arrangementsisisgenerally
                                                                                            generallyrecognized
                                                                                                         recognizedover
                                                                                                                      overtime
                                                                                                                            timeasasthetheservices
                                                                                                                                           servicesare
                                                                                                                                                    are
provided
 providedatatthe
               thecontractual
                    contractualbillings,
                                   billings,which
                                              whichcorresponds
                                                     correspondswith
                                                                   withthethevalue
                                                                              valueprovided
                                                                                     providedtotothe
                                                                                                   theclient,
                                                                                                        client,unless
                                                                                                                unlessthere
                                                                                                                        thereisisa abetter
                                                                                                                                     bettermeasure
                                                                                                                                            measureofof
 For  foreign operations
performance
 performance   orordelivery. that have functional currencies different from the Company, assets and liabilities denominated in a
                     delivery.
 foreign currency are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at
Business
 Business   and
              andstrategic
 average exchange   strategic
                         ratesITprevailing
                                ITconsulting
                                    consulting   and
                                             duringandsystems
                                                     thesystems
                                                         period.integration
                                                                  integration
                                                                 Resulting       services
                                                                                  services
                                                                              unrealized   gains or losses on translating financial statements
 of foreign
Revenue
 Revenuefrom operations    are
                   businessand
            frombusiness        reported
                               andstrategic in other comprehensive
                                     strategicITITconsulting
                                                   consultingand
                                                              andsystemsincome.
                                                                    systemsintegration
                                                                                integrationservices
                                                                                            servicesunder
                                                                                                        undertime
                                                                                                                timeand
                                                                                                                     andmaterial
                                                                                                                          materialarrangements
                                                                                                                                      arrangementsisis
  recognized
  For foreignover
recognized    overtime
                     timeasas
              operations     the
                            with        sameare
                                     services
                                theservices
                                    the        arerendered,
                                                    rendered,
                                               functional       andrevenue
                                                              and
                                                            currency revenue
                                                                       as theunder
                                                                               undercost-based
                                                                                     cost-based
                                                                              Company,    monetaryarrangements
                                                                                                     assets and is
                                                                                                   arrangements           recognized
                                                                                                                      isrecognized
                                                                                                                    liabilities                    atas
                                                                                                                                               timeas
                                                                                                                                        overtime
                                                                                                                                      over
                                                                                                                                are translated        the
  reimbursable
reimbursable   costs
  exchange rates costs
                    in are
                        areincurred.
                       effect incurred.   Contractual
                                        Contractual
                               at the balance         billings
                                                  sheetsbillings
                                                           dateof
                                                                and such
                                                                 ofsuch  arrangements
                                                                           arrangements
                                                                      non-monetary      correspond
                                                                                          correspond
                                                                                     assets           with                  provided
                                                                                                                   valueprovided
                                                                                                               thevalue
                                                                                                         withthe
                                                                                              and liabilities  are translated                   client,
                                                                                                                                           theclient,
                                                                                                                                     totothe
                                                                                                                                 at historical
  and
and  therefore
       therefore
  exchange     revenues
                 revenues
             rates.  Revenuearearegenerally
                                  andgenerally
                                             recognized
                                        expensesrecognized  when
                                                    are translated   amounts
                                                              whenamounts      become
                                                                              become
                                                                     at average         billable.
                                                                                      billable.
                                                                                 exchange    rates during the period. Translation exchange
  gains
Revenue
  Revenue orfrom
             losses   of suchand
                     business
              frombusiness       operations
                                  andstrategic  are
                                        strategic  ITITreflected
                                                        consulting
                                                         consultinginand
                                                                      the  consolidated
                                                                       andsystems          statements
                                                                             systemsintegration
                                                                                       integration          of earnings.
                                                                                                     services
                                                                                                       services  under
                                                                                                                    underfixed-fee
                                                                                                                           fixed-feearrangements
                                                                                                                                       arrangementsisis
recognized
  recognizedusingusingthethepercentage-of-completion
                              percentage-of-completionmethod      methodover overtime,
                                                                                   time,asasthetheCompany
                                                                                                   Companyhas     hasnonoalternative
                                                                                                                           alternativeuseuseforforthe
                                                                                                                                                    theasset
                                                                                                                                                         asset
  SHARE-BASED
created
  createdandandhashasananPAYMENTS
                          enforceable
                            enforceableright righttotopayment
                                                         paymentforforperformance
                                                                        performancecompleted
                                                                                         completedtotodate. date.TheTheCompany
                                                                                                                         Companyprimarily
                                                                                                                                      primarilyuses useslabour
                                                                                                                                                           labourcosts
                                                                                                                                                                    costs
totomeasure
      measure  the
  Equity-settled theprogress
                      progresstowards
                      plans        towardscompletion.
                                               completion.This  Thismethod
                                                                      methodrelies
                                                                                reliesononestimates
                                                                                            estimatesofoftotaltotalexpected
                                                                                                                     expectedlabour
                                                                                                                                  labourcosts,
                                                                                                                                         costs,whichwhichareare
compared
  comparedtotolabour
                   labourcosts
                            costsincurred
                                    incurredtotodate,
                                                    date,totoarrive
                                                               arriveatatananestimate
                                                                               estimateofofthetheprogress
                                                                                                   progresstotocompletion
                                                                                                                    completionwhichwhichdetermines
                                                                                                                                          determinesthe    the
  The   Company
percentage
  percentage         operates a
               ofofrevenue
                     revenue    earned
                              earnedShare      date.Plan
                                              Unit
                                         totodate.   Factors(Share
                                                        Factors      Unit
                                                                considered Plan)
                                                                  considered        the an
                                                                                   and
                                                                              ininthe                 include:stock
                                                                                            equity-settled
                                                                                      estimates
                                                                                        estimates   include:    changesoption
                                                                                                                  changes        plans
                                                                                                                            ininscope  under
                                                                                                                                  scopeofof thewhich
                                                                                                                                          the            the delays
                                                                                                                                                contracts,
                                                                                                                                                   contracts,    delays
inCompany
  inreaching   receives    services
                 milestones,
      reachingmilestones,              from employees,
                               complexities
                                 complexities    ininproject   officers
                                                                 delivery,
                                                        projectdelivery,  and  directors
                                                                            availability
                                                                          availability    and
                                                                                        and     consideration
                                                                                           asretention             for equity
                                                                                                 retentionofofqualified
                                                                                                                 qualified      instruments.
                                                                                                                          ITITprofessionals     Both
                                                                                                                                 professionalsand/or   PSUs
                                                                                                                                                   and/or the    and
                                                                                                                                                             theability
                                                                                                                                                                 ability
ofRSUs
  ofthe    can be issuedtounder
          subcontractors
      the ubcontractors           perform
                              toperform     Share
                                      the their      Unit Planwithin
                                              theirobligation
                                                     obligation   (and   are  collectively
                                                                   withinagreed
                                                                           agreed          budget
                                                                                     uponbudget
                                                                                   upon      referred and
                                                                                                    and     as
                                                                                                        totimeframes.
                                                                                                                “Share Units”
                                                                                                            timeframes.            under such
                                                                                                                           Management
                                                                                                                             Management                     Unit
                                                                                                                                                  Sharereviews
                                                                                                                                            regularly
                                                                                                                                              regularly           Plan).
                                                                                                                                                            reviews
underlying
  underlying  estimates
  The fair valueestimates
                     of theofPSUs
                             oftotal
                                 totalexpected
                                     andexpected
                                            RSUslabour
                                                     islabourcosts.
                                                               costs. based on the closing price of Class A subordinate voting shares of the
                                                         established
  Company
Software         on the Toronto
  Softwarelicenses
                 licenses       and      Stock Exchange (TSX)
                                  andSoftware-as-a-Service
                                        Software-as-a-Service                 at the grant date. For the stock options, the fair value is established using the
                                                                           (SaaS)
                                                                             (SaaS)
  Black-Scholes option pricing model at the grant date. The number of PSUs, RSUs and stock options expected to vest are
  CGI
CGI   offers
        offersitson
  estimated        itsintellectual
                        intellectual
                        the                   and (IP)
                                         property
                                       property
                              grant date               (IP)solutions
                                                             solutionsas
                                                     subsequently           aswell
                                                                                wellas
                                                                          revised    on    thirdparty
                                                                                      asthird
                                                                                         each      partysolutions
                                                                                                          solutions
                                                                                                  reporting     date.inFor  the
                                                                                                                        inthe                software
                                                                                                                                       ofofsoftware
                                                                                                                                 formoptions,
                                                                                                                               form
                                                                                                                              stock                                     arrangements.
                                                                                                                                                             licensearrangements.
                                                                                                                                                      the license
                                                                                                                                                            estimation      of fair value
  Most
Most   of of
           these
              these    arrangements
                         arrangements       include
                                               include   other
                                                           other services
                                                                   services      such
                                                                                uch   as
  requires making assumptions for the most appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected lifeFor
                                                                                        asimplementation,
                                                                                             implementation,      customization
                                                                                                                    customization       and
                                                                                                                                          and  maintenance.
                                                                                                                                                    maintenance.     For  ofthese
                                                                                                                                                                               these
                                                                                                                                                                              the     types
                                                                                                                                                                                         types
                                                                                                                                                                                    option
   arrangements,
ofof
  and arrangements,
        expected            revenue
                         stock revenue
                                   pricefrom
                                           from  a asoftware
                                         volatility.  software
                                                        The    fair license,
                                                                 license,
                                                                     value    of when
                                                                               when     identifiedasasa
                                                                                      identified
                                                                                 share-based         payments,performance
                                                                                                           aperformance        obligation,
                                                                                                                    adjusted for  obligation,    isisrecognized
                                                                                                                                       expectations          relatedatto
                                                                                                                                                        recognized               point
                                                                                                                                                                         ata apoint          time
                                                                                                                                                                                      inintime
                                                                                                                                                                            performance
  upon
upon    delivery.
          delivery.
  conditions       and    Otherwise
                       Otherwise
                           forfeitures,when
                                         when
                                           arethe the software
                                                         software
                                                 recognized         isisignificantly
                                                                   as   share-based      customized,
                                                                                            customized,
                                                                          significantlypayment              integrated
                                                                                                        costs integrated
                                                                                                                 over   theorormodified,
                                                                                                                                  modified,
                                                                                                                              vesting                     earningswith
                                                                                                                                                         combined
                                                                                                                                                       combined
                                                                                                                                              it itisisin
                                                                                                                                         period                         withthe
                                                                                                                                                                        with   athe
  implementationand
implementation
  corresponding             and to
                           credit  customization
                                 customization
                                       contributed    services
                                                        services
                                                         surplusand   anda
                                                                     on   isisaccounted
                                                                                accounted
                                                                             graded-vesting  forforasas
                                                                                                      described
                                                                                                    basis if  they in
                                                                                                        described      inthe
                                                                                                                     vest  thebusiness
                                                                                                                                 business
                                                                                                                             annually    orand and
                                                                                                                                              on         strategic
                                                                                                                                                     astrategic          consulting
                                                                                                                                                                       consulting
                                                                                                                                                                   ITIT basis
                                                                                                                                                        straight-line                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                   if they and
systems
  systems
  vest       integration
         at theintegration
                   end          services
                           of the  services
                                     vestingection
                                               section
                                                period.  above.
                                                           above.Revenue
                                                                      Revenuefrom   frommaintenance
                                                                                            maintenanceservices servicesforforsoftware
                                                                                                                                 softwarelicenses
                                                                                                                                                licensesold    soldisisrecognized
                                                                                                                                                                         recognized
straight-line
  straight-lineover   overthe theterm
                                    termofofthethemaintenance
                                                     maintenanceperiod.  period.
  When PSUs or RSUs are exercised, the Company may settle employees’ withholding tax obligations directly with tax
  CGI
CGI   also
        alsoprovides
  authorities   provides
                   in cash.  itsits
                                  IPIPsolutions
                                  The   solutions
                                       portion    ofininthe
                                                       thethe
                                                            PSU form
                                                             form    ofof
                                                                     or     SaaS
                                                                         SaaS
                                                                         RSU      where
                                                                                    wherethe
                                                                                 expense      thecustomer
                                                                                                    customer
                                                                                              previously        cannot
                                                                                                                  cannotterminate
                                                                                                             recorded      interminate   the
                                                                                                                               contributed                     iscontract
                                                                                                                                                    hostingcontract
                                                                                                                                            thehosting
                                                                                                                                                  surplus                 and      take
                                                                                                                                                                             andtake
                                                                                                                                                                  reclassified      to capital
  possession
possession       of  ofthethesoftware
                                software  without
                                            without   significant
                                                         significant  penalty.
                                                                         penalty.  SaaS
                                                                                     SaaS     are
                                                                                            are  part
  stock at value of the shares released. Any resulting difference between the amount removed from contributed surplus,offering
                                                                                                    partofof
                                                                                                           thethemanaged
                                                                                                                   managed      ITIT
                                                                                                                                   andand business
                                                                                                                                             business      process
                                                                                                                                                             process     ervices
                                                                                                                                                                          services      offering
                                                                                                                                                                                       the
  where
where
  amount revenue
            revenue
              credited         generally
                            generally
                         isisto           recognized
                                             recognized
                                  capital stock,     and theover
                                                               over time
                                                                  cash time asasthe
                                                                          paid   for   services
                                                                                  theservices
                                                                                      withholding  are
                                                                                                     areprovided.
                                                                                                          provided.
                                                                                                       taxes            Transition
                                                                                                                      Transition
                                                                                                                is recognized           activitiestotobring
                                                                                                                                    inactivities
                                                                                                                                        retained                    clients
                                                                                                                                                            bringclients
                                                                                                                                                        earnings.    When          theSaaS
                                                                                                                                                                             totothe
                                                                                                                                                                                 stock    SaaS
  platforms,
platforms,
  options      including
              are including
                     exercised,       anyset-up
                                hosting
                                   hosting    set-up  and
                                            considerationand paid
                                                            customization,
                                                               customization,      that
                                                                         is credited thatare
                                                                                        to  arenot
                                                                                             capital  considered
                                                                                                  not stock
                                                                                                     consideredand the distinct
                                                                                                                     distinct      performance
                                                                                                                                 performance
                                                                                                                            recorded     fair   value of  obligations
                                                                                                                                                        obligations
                                                                                                                                                               the        are
                                                                                                                                                                        are
                                                                                                                                                                    stock        capitalized
                                                                                                                                                                              capitalized
                                                                                                                                                                             options      is
asastransition
      transition
  removed       fromcosts
                       costsand andamortized
                          contributed amortized
                                          surplus   over
                                                      over
                                                        andthetheservice
                                                                    service
                                                              credited     toperiod.
                                                                                period.stock.
                                                                               capital


CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                 thethe years
                                                      years ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,30,
                                                                                2025
                                                                                   2025
                                                                                      and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                          2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                                           1319
                                                                                                                                                                                             13
                                                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 93

Notes
Notestotothe
          theConsolidated
             ConsolidatedFinancial
                          FinancialStatements
                                    Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2025
                                          2025and
                                                and2024
                                                    2024
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.        Summary
             Summaryofofmaterial
                         materialaccounting
                                  accountingpolicies
                                             policies(continued)
                                                      (continued)
REVENUE
 REVENUERECOGNITION,
         RECOGNITION,
 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTSWORK
                      WORKININ
                             PROGRESS
                               PROGRESSAND
                       (CONTINUED)      ANDDEFERRED
                                            DEFERREDREVENUE
                                                     REVENUE(CONTINUED)
                                                              (CONTINUED)
Work
 Workinin
 Share  progress
          progressand
        purchase   anddeferred
                  plan deferredrevenue
                                 revenue
 Amounts
Amounts
 The      recognized
            recognized
       Company               revenue
                               shareinin
                           revenue
                        asas a
                  operates              excess
                                          excessofof
                                      purchase      billings
                                                  planbillingsare
                                                         for     areclassified
                                                              eligibleclassified
                                                                       employees.   work
                                                                               asaswork ininthis
                                                                                     Under progress.
                                                                                             progress.   Amounts
                                                                                                      Amounts
                                                                                                 plan, the           received
                                                                                                                   received
                                                                                                             Company                advanceofof
                                                                                                                              ininadvance
                                                                                                                         matches      the         the
                                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                          contributions
 performance
 made   by ofof
performance      services
                   services
           employees     upor  delivery
                             toradelivery
                                        ofofproducts
                                  maximum    products are
                                              percentage  areofclassifiedasas
                                                             classified
                                                                 the        deferred
                                                                              deferred
                                                                      employee's      revenue.
                                                                                        revenue.
                                                                                   salary. The WorkWork      progress
                                                                                                        ininprogress
                                                                                                Company's                     deferred
                                                                                                                            deferred
                                                                                                                        and to
                                                                                                                       and
                                                                                                               contributions              revenue
                                                                                                                                              are are
                                                                                                                                        revenue
                                                                                                                                   the plan         are
 presented
presented
 recognizednet
             net
              inonona a
                      contract
                        contract
                 salaries,         employeebasis.
                                  by-contract
                                by-contract
                            other              basis.and
                                              costs  During
                                                       Duringthe  theyear
                                                            contractedyearlabour
                                                                          ended
                                                                            endedcosts
                                                                                  September
                                                                                    September    30,2025,
                                                                                        within 30,
                                                                                               costs 2025,the
                                                                                                      of     the  revenues
                                                                                                                revenues
                                                                                                          services,         recognized
                                                                                                                              recognized
                                                                                                                      selling and          from
                                                                                                                                             fromthe
                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                     administrative.
short-term
 short-termdeferred
             deferredrevenue
                        revenuewaswasnot
                                       notsignificantly
                                            significantlydifferent
                                                            differentthan
                                                                       thanwhat
                                                                             whatwas
                                                                                   waspresented
                                                                                        presentedasasatatSeptember
                                                                                                            September30,  30,2024.
                                                                                                                              2024.
 Cash-settled deferred share units
CASH
  CASHAND
  The      ANDCASH
        Company   CASH   EQUIVALENTS
                           EQUIVALENTS
                     operates a   deferred share unit (DSU) plan to compensate the external members of the Board of Directors. The
  expense
Cash
  Cashand     is
          andcashrecognized   within costsofof
                                   consist
                       equivalentsconsist
                cashequivalents                 services,
                                            ofunrestrictedselling
                                                           cash
                                                unrestricted      and
                                                             cashand   administrative
                                                                                    investments
                                                                        short-terminvestments
                                                                    andshort-term               DSU  granted
                                                                                       for each having
                                                                                                  having      equal
                                                                                                       a amaturity
                                                                                                           maturity  to
                                                                                                                   ofof      closing
                                                                                                                         the months
                                                                                                                      three
                                                                                                                        three  monthsprice  of
                                                                                                                                     ororless
                                                                                                                                           less
  Class
  fromthe
from      A  subordinate
         thedate            voting
                        purchase.
              dateofofpurchase.    shares  of  the Company     on the TSX  at  the date on  which DSUs   are awarded    and  a corresponding
  liability is recorded in accrued compensation and employee-related liabilities. After the grant date, the DSU liability is
  remeasured
SHORT-TERM
  SHORT-TERM      for  subsequent changes in the fair value of the Company's shares.
                    INVESTMENTS
                       INVESTMENTS
Short-term
  Short-term
  FINANCIAL     investments,
                    investments,
                       INSTRUMENTS   comprise
                                       comprisegenerally
                                                      generallyofofterm termdeposits,
                                                                                deposits,havehaveremaining
                                                                                                     remainingmaturities
                                                                                                                 maturitiesover overthree
                                                                                                                                       threemonths,
                                                                                                                                              months,but  butnotnotmore
                                                                                                                                                                      morethanthan
one
  oneyear,
        year,atatthe  thedate
                           dateofofpurchase.
                                      purchase.
  All financial instruments are initially measured at their fair value and are subsequently classified either at amortized cost, at fair
  value
FUNDS
  FUNDS    through
            HELD
              HELDFOR    earnings
                          FORCLIENTS  (FVTE)
                                  CLIENTS     ANDor at
                                                 AND     fair valueFUNDS
                                                      CLIENTS’
                                                        CLIENTS’        through     other
                                                                          FUNDSOBLIGATIONS  comprehensive income (FVOCI). Financial assets are classified
                                                                                     OBLIGATIONS
  based on the Company’s management model of such instruments and their contractual cash flows they generate. Financial
InInconnection
     connection
  liabilities   arewith withthe theCompany’s
                       classified    Company’s
                                     and measured     payroll,
                                                    payroll,  taxtaxfiling
                                                           at amortizedfilingand
                                                                               cost, claims
                                                                                      unlesservices,
                                                                               andclaims       services,
                                                                                                they are the
                                                                                                           theCompany
                                                                                                           held Company     collects
                                                                                                                          collects
                                                                                                                 for trading                            FVTE.ofofpayroll,
                                                                                                                                                     aspayment
                                                                                                                                          fundsforforpayment
                                                                                                                                       funds
                                                                                                                                and classified                         payroll,
taxes
  taxesand andclaims,
                  claims,temporarily
                              temporarilyholds holdsuchsuchfunds
                                                               fundsuntil untilpayment
                                                                                 paymentisisdue, due,remits
                                                                                                       remitsthe
                                                                                                               thefunds
                                                                                                                    fundstotothetheclients’
                                                                                                                                     clients’employees,
                                                                                                                                               employees,appropriate
                                                                                                                                                                appropriatetax    tax
  The   Company
authorities
  authorities            has made
                ororclaims
                        claims          thefiles
                                  holders,
                                 holders,    following
                                              filestax     classifications:
                                                     taxreturns
                                                          returns  andandhandles
                                                                             handlesrelated
                                                                                         relatedregulatory
                                                                                                   regulatorycorrespondence
                                                                                                                correspondenceand       andamendments.
                                                                                                                                             amendments.The      Thefunds
                                                                                                                                                                        funds
held
  held
  FVTEforforclients
              clientsinclude
                          includecash,
                                     cash,short-term
                                             short-terminvestments
                                                             investmentsand      andlong-term
                                                                                       long-termbonds.
                                                                                                     bonds.TheTheCompany
                                                                                                                    Companypresents
                                                                                                                                  presentsthe thefunds
                                                                                                                                                     fundsheld
                                                                                                                                                           heldforforclients
                                                                                                                                                                        clients
and
  andrelated
        relatedobligations
                     obligationseparately.
                                      separately.FundsFundsheld heldforforclients
                                                                             clientsareareclassified
                                                                                            classifiedasascurrent
                                                                                                             currentassets
                                                                                                                      assetsince sincethese
                                                                                                                                          thesefunds
                                                                                                                                                  fundsare
                                                                                                                                                         areheld
                                                                                                                                                               heldsolely
                                                                                                                                                                       solelyforfor
  Cash
the        and cash
       purpose
  thepurpose               equivalents,
                          satisfying
                   ofofsatisfying           cash
                                        theclients’
                                      the    clients’included
                                                      funds       in funds held
                                                        fundsobligations,
                                                                  obligations,            clients,
                                                                                      for will
                                                                                  which
                                                                                    which            derivative
                                                                                            willbeberepaid       financial
                                                                                                              within
                                                                                                      repaidwithin    oneyear
                                                                                                                    one      instruments
                                                                                                                           year  ofofthe      and deferred
                                                                                                                                        theconsolidated
                                                                                                                                            consolidated         compensation
                                                                                                                                                           balance
                                                                                                                                                              balance    sheet
                                                                                                                                                                           sheet
  plan   assets
  date.The
date.                within    long-term    financial
                             fluctuationsaffect
                 marketfluctuations
          Themarket                                       assets     are
                                                             fairvalue
                                                       thefair
                                               affectthe                   measured
                                                                   valueofofthe           at
                                                                                thelong-term fair  value
                                                                                     long-termbonds.      at
                                                                                                   bonds.Due the  end  of
                                                                                                            Duetotothose  each     reporting
                                                                                                                              fluctuations,funds
                                                                                                                     thosefluctuations,          period
                                                                                                                                                fundsheldand    the   resulting
                                                                                                                                                        heldforforclients
                                                                                                                                                                    clientsmight
                                                                                                                                                                              might
  gains
not
  notequal or to
       equal   losses
                 tothe     are
                      theclients'recorded
                           clients' funds    inobligations.
                                                 the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                      fundsobligations.
  Amortized
Interest
  Interest
         income Cost
           income  earned
                     earnedandandrealized
                                   realizedgains
                                             gainsand
                                                    andlosses
                                                         lossesononthe
                                                                     thedisposal
                                                                          disposalofofshort-term
                                                                                       short-terminvestments
                                                                                                   investmentsand
                                                                                                                andlong-term
                                                                                                                     long-termbonds
                                                                                                                               bondsare
                                                                                                                                      are
recorded
  recorded inin
              revenue
                revenue inin
                           the
                             theperiod
                                  periodthat
                                          that
                                             the
                                               the
                                                 income
                                                   income  isis
                                                              earned,
                                                                earned,asasthe
                                                                             the
                                                                               collecting,
                                                                                 collecting,holding
                                                                                             holdingand
                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                        remitting
                                                                                                          remitting
                                                                                                                  ofof
                                                                                                                     these
                                                                                                                       these
  Trade accounts receivable, long-term receivables within long-term financial assets, short-term investments in funds held funds
                                                                                                                             funds
                                                                                                                                 are
                                                                                                                                   are
                                                                                                                                     critical
                                                                                                                                       critical
                                                                                                                                          for
components
  components    ofof
                   providing
                     providingthese
                                theseservices.
                                       services.
  clients, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation and employee-related liabilities, long-term debt and
 clients’ funds obligations are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Financial assets classified at
PROPERTY,
 PROPERTY,
 amortized cost  PLANT
                  PLANT  ANDANDEQUIPMENT
                   are subject    EQUIPMENT
                                 to impairment.(PP&E)
                                                 (PP&E)
                                                  For trade accounts receivable and work in progress, the Company applies the
 simplified
PP&E
 PP&E         approach
               recordedatto
          arerecorded
        are                 measure
                            cost
                         atcost and
                                  andare
                                      arexpected         losses,
                                                  creditover
                                          depreciated
                                           depreciated   overtheirwhich
                                                               their     requires
                                                                   estimated
                                                                     estimated    lifetime
                                                                              useful
                                                                                useful       expected
                                                                                         livesusing
                                                                                      lives    usingthe loss
                                                                                                      the    allowance to
                                                                                                        straight-line
                                                                                                          straight-line    be recorded upon
                                                                                                                      method.
                                                                                                                        method.
 initial recognition of the financial assets.
Buildings
  Buildings                                                                                                                  1010 toto4040
                                                                                                                                         years
                                                                                                                                           years
 FVOCI
Leasehold
  Leasehold improvements
               improvements                                                                        Lesser
                                                                                                     Lesser
                                                                                                          ofof
                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                 useful
                                                                                                                   useful
                                                                                                                        lifelife
                                                                                                                               ororlease
                                                                                                                                     leaseterm
                                                                                                                                            term
Furniture,
  Furniture,
 Short-termfixtures
              fixtures
                     and
                       and
                         equipment
                investmentsequipment
                              included in current financial assets, long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and3 3toto10     10
                                                                                                                                         years
                                                                                                                                 long-term years
Computer
  Computer equipment
 investments  equipment
                  within long-term financial assets are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and 3 3           toto
                                                                                                                                  are  55years
                                                                                                                                           years
                                                                                                                                        subject
  to impairment for which the Company uses the low credit risk exemption.
LEASES
  LEASES
  The unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Interest
  When
When
  income   the
             theCompany
                   Company
              measured                 the into
                                   enters
                                enters
                             using             intocontractual
                                             effective   contractual
                                                             interest agreements
                                                                              agreements
                                                                            method               with
                                                                                                   withsuppliers,
                                                                                         and realized       suppliers,
                                                                                                               gains and anan assessment
                                                                                                                                assessment
                                                                                                                             losses                    performed
                                                                                                                                                isisperformed
                                                                                                                                      on derecognition                                        the
                                                                                                                                                                                 in theif ifthe
                                                                                                                                                                          determine
                                                                                                                                                                   totodetermine
                                                                                                                                                              are recorded
contract
  contract    contains
                contains   a  alease.
                                  lease.
  consolidated statements of earnings.     TheThe   Company
                                                       Company         identified
                                                                          identified     lease
                                                                                            lease   agreements
                                                                                                      agreements        under
                                                                                                                          under  the
                                                                                                                                   the following
                                                                                                                                         following    categories:
                                                                                                                                                        categories:   Properties,
                                                                                                                                                                        Properties,    Motor
                                                                                                                                                                                          Motor
vehicles
  vehiclesand  andothers,
                     others,asaswell  wellasasComputer
                                                  Computerequipment.equipment.
  Transaction costs are comprised primarily of legal, accounting and other costs directly attributable to the acquisition or
  The
The    Company
  issuanceCompany    identifies
                       identifiesa a
                of financial                               conveysthe
                                          leaseif ifit itconveys
                                       lease
                                 instruments.          Transaction        the right
                                                                                 righttoto
                                                                             costs         control
                                                                                      relatedcontrol
                                                                                                   to the theuse
                                                                                                       financialuseofofananidentified
                                                                                                                             identified
                                                                                                                     instruments     otherasset
                                                                                                                                        asset                       periodinin
                                                                                                                                                             are period
                                                                                                                                                          specific
                                                                                                                                                        specific
                                                                                                                                                forfora a
                                                                                                                                             than    FVTE        included         exchange
                                                                                                                                                                                exchange
                                                                                                                                                                               in the   initial
forfora adetermined
           determined
  recognition      of the  consideration.
                         consideration.
                            corresponding       AtAtasset
                                                     inception,
                                                         inception,
                                                                or a      aright-of-use
                                                                    liability right-of-use
                                                                                  and    are asset
                                                                                                 asset
                                                                                               amortized         the
                                                                                                         forforthe  underlying
                                                                                                                 usingunderlying
                                                                                                                         effectiveasset
                                                                                                                                    asset
                                                                                                                                    interest and
                                                                                                                                           and      corresponding
                                                                                                                                                 corresponding
                                                                                                                                                method.                lease
                                                                                                                                                                     lease
                                                                                                                                                           Transaction          liability
                                                                                                                                                                             liability
                                                                                                                                                                            costs          are
                                                                                                                                                                                         are
                                                                                                                                                                                     related
  presented
presented      ininthe
  to the unsecured   theconsolidated
                           consolidated      balance
                            committed revolving balancesheet              measured
                                                               sheetmeasured
                                                               credit    facility   areon    ona apresent
                                                                                            includedpresent       value
                                                                                                                value
                                                                                                           in other     basis
                                                                                                                          basisexcept
                                                                                                                       long-term  except
                                                                                                                                    assets      short-term
                                                                                                                                         forforshort-term
                                                                                                                                              and                                       term
                                                                                                                                                                                 the term
                                                                                                                                                                         (expected
                                                                                                                                                               leases(expected
                                                                                                                                                            leases
                                                                                                                                                     are amortized      using         straight-
ofof1212months
  line     monthsor
          method      orless)
                    over  less)
                           theand  andleases
                                 expectedleases    with
                                                 life with
                                                         oflowlowvalue
                                                            the      valueunderlying
                                                                   underlying   underlying
                                                                                     agreement.   assetforforwhich
                                                                                               asset                      paymentsare
                                                                                                                  whichpayments                                   expenseonona a
                                                                                                                                             recordedasasananexpense
                                                                                                                                        arerecorded
straight-line
  straight-linebasisbasisoveroverthethelease
                                           leaseterm.term.
  Financial assets are derecognized if the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or the asset is
  The
The     right-of-use
          right-of-use
  transferred            assets
                   and the assets     aremeasured
                                    are
                               transfer      measured
                                             qualifies        atatinitial
                                                            for      initial lease
                                                                 derecognition  lease as
                                                                                       liabilities
                                                                                          liabilities adjusted
                                                                                                          adjusted
                                                                                               substantially         byby
                                                                                                                    all  lease
                                                                                                                        the lease   payments
                                                                                                                                  payments
                                                                                                                             risks and            made
                                                                                                                                                made
                                                                                                                                          rewards          before
                                                                                                                                                       of before  the
                                                                                                                                                          ownership       commencement
                                                                                                                                                                        commencement
                                                                                                                                                                     theof the    financial
date,
  date,
  assetindirect
            indirect
            have    costs
                      costsand
                   been         and  lease
                           transferred. leaseincentives
                                                  incentivesreceived. received.The     Theright-of-use
                                                                                               right-of-useassets  assetsare aredepreciated
                                                                                                                                  depreciatedonona astraight-line
                                                                                                                                                           straight-linebasis
                                                                                                                                                                            basisover overthe the
expected
  expectedlease leasetermtermofofthe theunderlying
                                            underlyingasset.   asset.




CGI
 CGIInc. ––
      Inc. Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial Statements
                          Financial          forfor
                                    Statements   thethe
                                                      years ended
                                                        years     September
                                                              ended         30,30,
                                                                    September   2025  and
                                                                                   2025   2024
                                                                                        and 2024                                                                                             14
                                                                                                                                                                                           1420
  94 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notestotothe
          theConsolidated
             ConsolidatedFinancial
                          FinancialStatements
                                    Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2025
                                          2025and
                                                and2024
                                                    2024
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.         Summary
              Summaryofofmaterial
                          materialaccounting
                                   accountingpolicies
                                              policies(continued)
                                                       (continued)

REVENUE
 FINANCIAL
 REVENUERECOGNITION,
          RECOGNITION,
           INSTRUMENTS
                     WORK
                       WORKIN
                       (CONTINUED)
                             INPROGRESS
                                PROGRESSAND
                                         ANDDEFERRED
                                             DEFERREDREVENUE
                                                      REVENUE(CONTINUED)
                                                               (CONTINUED)
Relative
 Relative
 Fair value
         stand-alone
          stand-alone
            hierarchyselling
                      sellingprice
                              price
The
  The value
  Fair Company’s
         Company’smeasurements
                         arrangements
                            arrangements      recognized
                                                   often
                                                     ofteninclude
                                                              include
                                                                on   thea amix
                                                                           balance
                                                                             mix ofofthetheservices
                                                                                        sheets
                                                                                             services
                                                                                                    are and
                                                                                                         classified
                                                                                                           and  products
                                                                                                                   products
                                                                                                                          in asas
                                                                                                                              accordance
                                                                                                                                   described
                                                                                                                                      described with
                                                                                                                                                   below.
                                                                                                                                                      below.If Ifan
                                                                                                                                                        the    following
                                                                                                                                                                      anarrangement
                                                                                                                                                                            arrangementinvolves
                                                                                                                                                                                levels:             involves
the
  theprovision
        provisionofofmultiple
                            multipleperformance
                                          performanceobligations,
                                                                obligations,the   thetotal
                                                                                         totalarrangement
                                                                                                arrangementvalue      valueisisallocated
                                                                                                                                  allocatedtotoeach   eachperformance
                                                                                                                                                                performanceobligations  obligations
         Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
based
  basedononitsitsrelative
                     relativestand-alone
                                   stand-aloneselling    sellingprice.
                                                                    price.When
                                                                             Whenestimating
                                                                                        estimatingthe   thestand-alone
                                                                                                              stand-aloneselling  sellingprice
                                                                                                                                             priceofofeacheachperformance
                                                                                                                                                                    performanceobligations, obligations,
the
  theCompany
        Company
         Level      maximizes
                        maximizes
                  2: inputs       other  thethe use
                                             than useof  ofobservable
                                                     quoted  observableprices
                                                                 prices        prices in
                                                                           included       which
                                                                                       which     are
                                                                                             Level  areestablished
                                                                                                         established
                                                                                                       1, but    that are     usingthe
                                                                                                                           using       theCompany’s
                                                                                                                               observable   Company’s
                                                                                                                                                for   the asset prices
                                                                                                                                                             prices      forfor
                                                                                                                                                                        or        sameoror
                                                                                                                                                                                same
                                                                                                                                                                             liability,           similar
                                                                                                                                                                                                similar
                                                                                                                                                                                           either     directly
deliverables.
  deliverables.
         or        When
                      When
            indirectly;         observable
                              and observableprices    pricesare  arenotnotavailable,
                                                                             available,the  theCompany
                                                                                                   Companyestimatesestimatestand-alone
                                                                                                                                  stand-aloneselling  sellingprices
                                                                                                                                                                  pricesbased  basedononitsitsbest   best
estimate.
  estimate.
         Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data.
The
  Thebestbestestimate
               estimateofofthe      thestand-alone
                                           stand-aloneselling   sellingprice
                                                                          priceisisthetheprice
                                                                                            priceatatwhich
                                                                                                         whichthe   theCompany
                                                                                                                          Companywould    wouldnormally
                                                                                                                                                   normallyexpect  expecttotooffer    offerthe the
  services
services
  DERIVATIVEororproducts
                   products
                        FINANCIALand
                                   andisisestablished
                                                establishedbybyconsidering
                                               INSTRUMENTS              considering
                                                                          AND HEDGING   a anumber
                                                                                             number     ofofinternal
                                                                                                              internaland
                                                                                                    TRANSACTIONS                                            including,but
                                                                                                                                               factorsincluding,
                                                                                                                                  externalfactors
                                                                                                                            andexternal                                        butnot notlimited
                                                                                                                                                                                            limitedto,to,
geographies,
  geographies,the      theCompany’s
                               Company’spricing    pricingpolicies,
                                                              policies,internal
                                                                            internalcostscostsand andmargins.
                                                                                                        margins.Additionally,
                                                                                                                       Additionally,inincertain
                                                                                                                                              certaincircumstances,
                                                                                                                                                          circumstances,the            theCompany
                                                                                                                                                                                              Company
  The Company enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign
may
  mayapplyapplythetheresidual
                         residualapproach
                                       approachwhen      whenestimating
                                                                  estimatingthe    thestand-alone
                                                                                          stand-aloneselling sellingprice
                                                                                                                        priceofofsoftware
                                                                                                                                     softwarelicense
                                                                                                                                                  licenseproducts,
                                                                                                                                                                products,forforwhich    whichthe   the
  currency exchange risks.
Company
  Companyhas     hasnot  notyet yetestablished
                                     establishedthe       theprice
                                                                priceororhas hasnotnotpreviously
                                                                                          previouslysold  soldonona astand-alone
                                                                                                                           stand-alonebasis. basis.
  Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered into and are
AsAsananincentive,
           incentive,upon    uponclient
                                      clientcontract
                                                 contractsignature,
                                                              signature,the    theCompany
                                                                                    Companymay       mayprovide
                                                                                                             providediscounts.
                                                                                                                          discounts.These Theseincentives
                                                                                                                                                     incentivesare      areconsidered
                                                                                                                                                                                consideredininthe      the
  subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in the
allocation
  allocationofofthe  therelative
                             relativestand-alone
                                          stand-aloneselling  sellingpricepriceofofthetheperformance
                                                                                            performanceobligations.
                                                                                                                 obligations.
  consolidated statements of earnings, unless the derivative is designated and is effective as a hedging instrument, in which
  event the
The
  The           timing of
         appropriate
       appropriate               the recognition
                             revenue
                          revenue           recognition
                                         recognition       in the
                                                               methodisis
                                                             method  consolidated
                                                                             applied      statements
                                                                               appliedforforeacheach of                        depends
                                                                                                                earningsobligation
                                                                                                       performance
                                                                                                         performance           obligationas   asthe
                                                                                                                                             on         nature of
                                                                                                                                                described
                                                                                                                                                  described       below. the hedge relationship.
                                                                                                                                                                     below.
  The cash flows of the hedging instruments are classified in the same manner as the cash flows of the item being hedged.
Managed
  ManagedITITand      andbusiness
                               businessprocess   processservicesservices
  At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the
  Revenue
Revenue
  Company    from
                from  managed
                 wishes  managed
                               to applyITITand  andbusiness
                                              hedge   business
                                                         accountingprocess
                                                                      process    ervices
                                                                           and theservices    arrangements
                                                                                                arrangementsisobjective
                                                                                        risk management's               isgenerally
                                                                                                                             generally
                                                                                                                                     and recognized
                                                                                                                                           recognized
                                                                                                                                            strategy for      over
                                                                                                                                                           over        timeasasthe
                                                                                                                                                                    time
                                                                                                                                                                undertaking           the     hedge.are
                                                                                                                                                                                            services
                                                                                                                                                                                         services
                                                                                                                                                                                       the                are
                                                                                                                                                                                                         The
provided
  provided   atatthe
                   the contractual
                           contractual       billings,
                                               billings,  which
                                                            which   corresponds
                                                                       corresponds       with
                                                                                           withthethe value
                                                                                                        value     provided
                                                                                                               provided
  documentation includes the identification of the nature of the risk being hedged, the economic relationship between the     toto
                                                                                                                                 thethe client,
                                                                                                                                          client,unless
                                                                                                                                                    unless    there
                                                                                                                                                                 there  is isa  a
                                                                                                                                                                                better
                                                                                                                                                                                   better  measure
                                                                                                                                                                                               measure    ofof
performance
  performance      or ordelivery.
                            delivery.
  hedged item and the hedging instruments which should not be dominated by credit risk, the hedge ratio consistent with the risk
  management
Business
  Business    and andstrategy
                       strategic      pursued
                          strategicITIT               and
                                              consulting
                                                consulting   how andthe   Company
                                                                           systems will
                                                                    andsystems                  assess the
                                                                                       integration
                                                                                          integration     services effectiveness of the hedging relationship on an ongoing
                                                                                                             services
  basis.
Revenue
  Revenuefrom   frombusiness
                         businessand      andstrategic
                                                  strategicITITconsulting
                                                                    consultingand    andsystems
                                                                                            systemsintegration
                                                                                                         integrationservices servicesunderundertimetimeand  andmaterial
                                                                                                                                                                   materialarrangements
                                                                                                                                                                                    arrangementsisis
  Management
recognized
  recognizedover   overevaluates
                             timeasasthe
                          time            hedge
                                          theserviceseffectiveness
                                                 services    are           at inception
                                                                     rendered,
                                                                arerendered,      and       revenue
                                                                                     andrevenue         hedge
                                                                                             of the under          instrument
                                                                                                         undercost-based            and
                                                                                                                     cost-basedarrangementsquarterly thereafter
                                                                                                                                       arrangements        isisrecognized
                                                                                                                                                                  recognized  generally
                                                                                                                                                                                     over      based
                                                                                                                                                                                        overtime timeasason a
  managed
reimbursable
  reimbursable   hedge costs
                    costs     ratio
                               areareof 1
                                        incurred.
                                     incurred.for  1. Hedge       effectiveness
                                                         Contractual
                                                      Contractual          billingsofof
                                                                         billings           measured
                                                                                        isuch
                                                                                           such              prospectively
                                                                                                    arrangements
                                                                                                 arrangements           correspondas thewith
                                                                                                                           correspond       extent
                                                                                                                                             withthethe to  which
                                                                                                                                                        value
                                                                                                                                                           value       changes
                                                                                                                                                                   provided
                                                                                                                                                                      provided      totoin
                                                                                                                                                                                        the  the
                                                                                                                                                                                           the     fair
                                                                                                                                                                                                client,
                                                                                                                                                                                                  client,
  value or
and
  and         cash flows
       therefore
         therefore  revenues
                        revenues  of the
                                      are       generallyoffsets
                                              derivative
                                         aregenerally        recognized  the when
                                                                recognized     changes
                                                                                 when in amounts the fair
                                                                                           amounts     becomevalue or
                                                                                                         become             cash flows of the underlying hedged instrument or
                                                                                                                      billable.
                                                                                                                        billable.
  risk when there is a significant mismatch between the terms of the hedging instrument and the hedged item. Any meaningful
  Revenue
Revenue
  imbalance  from
                from  business
                         businessand
                  is considered           and  strategic
                                                  strategicITITconsulting
                                           ineffectiveness          consulting
                                                                    in  the hedge andand  systems
                                                                                         andsystems    integration
                                                                                               accounted integration         servicesunder
                                                                                                                          services
                                                                                                                 for accordingly                                   arrangements
                                                                                                                                                   fixed-feearrangements
                                                                                                                                            thefixed-fee
                                                                                                                                          under
                                                                                                                                         in       consolidated            statements       isis of
recognized
  recognized
  earnings.        using
                 using      thethepercentage-of-completion
                                     percentage-of-completion                method
                                                                                method    over
                                                                                            over  time,
                                                                                                    time, as asthethe Company
                                                                                                                       Company       hashas nonoalternative
                                                                                                                                                   alternative     useuse   forforthetheasset
                                                                                                                                                                                           asset
created
  createdand andhas hasananenforceable
                                  enforceableright      righttotopayment
                                                                   paymentforforperformance
                                                                                       performancecompletedcompletedtotodate.    date.The TheCompany
                                                                                                                                                Companyprimarily  primarilyuses     useslabour
                                                                                                                                                                                             labourcostscosts
toHedges
  tomeasure
      measure ofthenet     investments
                   theprogress
                           progresstowards  towardsin foreign       operations
                                                          completion.
                                                       completion.        This
                                                                             Thismethod
                                                                                    methodreliesreliesononestimates
                                                                                                               estimatesofoftotal  totalexpected
                                                                                                                                           expectedlabour  labourcosts,costs,which  whichare    are
  compared
compared
  The Company totolabour
                      labour
                         maycosts costs
                                  use        incurredtotodate,
                                          incurred
                                         cross-currency         date, totoarrive
                                                                  swaps     arrive
                                                                              andat foreign   estimate
                                                                                      atananestimate
                                                                                                currency  ofofthetheprogress
                                                                                                                       progressto
                                                                                                              denominated                 completion
                                                                                                                                      tocompletion
                                                                                                                                    long-term       debt     which
                                                                                                                                                          which
                                                                                                                                                             to hedge          portionsthe
                                                                                                                                                                        determines
                                                                                                                                                                     determines               the
                                                                                                                                                                                              of the
  percentage
percentage       ofofrevenue
                         revenue     earned
                                       earned     to to
                                                      date.
                                                          date. Factors
                                                                  Factors   considered
                                                                               considered     in inthe
  Company’s net investments in its U.S. and European operations. Foreign exchange translation gains or losses on the delays
                                                                                                     theestimates
                                                                                                          estimates      include:
                                                                                                                            include:  changes
                                                                                                                                         changes   in  in
                                                                                                                                                        scope
                                                                                                                                                          scope    of ofthethe  contracts,
                                                                                                                                                                                   contracts,        delays
                                                                                                                                                                                                   net
ininreaching
      reaching   milestones,
                   milestones,        complexities
                                         complexities       ininproject
                                                                  project  delivery,
                                                                              delivery,   availability
                                                                                            availability  andand  retention
                                                                                                                     retention
  investments and the effective portions of gains or losses on instruments hedging the net investments are recorded in other    ofofqualified
                                                                                                                                       qualified IT ITprofessionals
                                                                                                                                                         professionals          and/or
                                                                                                                                                                                   and/or   the theability
                                                                                                                                                                                                     ability
ofofthe
      thesubcontractors
           subcontractors         to toperform
                                          perform    their
                                                        theirobligation
                                                                obligation   within
                                                                                within    agreed
                                                                                       agreed       upon
                                                                                                      upon   budget
                                                                                                               budget
  comprehensive income. Gains or losses relating to the ineffective portion are recognized in consolidated statements ofand andtimeframes.
                                                                                                                                 timeframes.      Management
                                                                                                                                                     Management           regularly
                                                                                                                                                                              regularly    reviews
                                                                                                                                                                                               reviews
underlying
  underlying
  earnings. estimates
                  estimates
                When         the of oftotal
                                   hedgedtotalexpected
                                                  expected
                                                 net           labour
                                                       investmentlabouris costs.
                                                                            costs.
                                                                             disposed of, the relevant amount in other comprehensive income is transferred
 to earnings
Software
 Software     as partand
          licenses
            licenses  of
                      andthe gain or loss on disposal.
                          Software-as-a-Service
                           Software-as-a-Service   (SaaS)
                                                     (SaaS)
  Cash
CGI
  CGI     flow
        offers
      offers       hedges        of future
                       intellectual
                    intellectual
               itsits                 property
                                         property      (IP) and
                                                 revenue
                                                     (IP)   solutions  long-term
                                                              solutionsas     aswell    debt
                                                                                   wellasasthird
                                                                                              thirdparty
                                                                                                      partysolutions
                                                                                                             solutionsininthe   theform
                                                                                                                                     formofofsoftware
                                                                                                                                               softwarelicense  licensearrangements.
                                                                                                                                                                            arrangements.
Most
  Most ofofthese
             these   arrangements
                        arrangements         include
                                                include other
                                                            other services
                                                                    services      uch
                                                                                   such  asasimplementation,
                                                                                                implementation,
  The majority of the Company’s revenue and costs are denominated in a currency other than the Canadian dollar.      customization
                                                                                                                       customization       and
                                                                                                                                            and  maintenance.
                                                                                                                                                     maintenance.       For Forthese
                                                                                                                                                                                  these
                                                                                                                                                                                 The    types
                                                                                                                                                                                           types
                                                                                                                                                                                        risk   of
ofof
   arrangements,
      arrangements,        revenue
                              revenue    from
                                            from  a asoftware
                                                       software   license,
                                                                     license,    when
                                                                                   when  identified
                                                                                           identified    as a
                                                                                                           as aperformance
                                                                                                                 performance
  foreign exchange fluctuations impacting the results is substantially mitigated by matching the Company’s costs with revenue      obligation,
                                                                                                                                      obligation,  is  is
                                                                                                                                                        recognized
                                                                                                                                                           recognized     atata apoint
                                                                                                                                                                                    pointinintime
                                                                                                                                                                                               time
upon
  upon  delivery.
          delivery.   Otherwise
                        Otherwise     whenwhen   thethesoftware
                                                         software    is is ignificantly
                                                                            significantly      customized,
                                                                                            customized,        integrated
                                                                                                                 integrated
  denominated in the same currency. In certain cases where there is a substantial imbalance for a specific currency, the       or or
                                                                                                                                   modified,
                                                                                                                                     modified,  it  it
                                                                                                                                                    is  is
                                                                                                                                                         combined
                                                                                                                                                            combined    withwiththethe
  implementation
implementation
  Company enters        and
                          and  customization
                             into customization
                                    foreign currency    services
                                                      services      and
                                                              forward  andcontracts
                                                                            isisaccounted
                                                                                  accounted     forforasas
                                                                                          to hedge        described
                                                                                                         thedescribed   ininthe
                                                                                                              variability    inthe
                                                                                                                                 the business
                                                                                                                                       foreignand
                                                                                                                                  business                 strategic
                                                                                                                                                 andstrategic
                                                                                                                                                currency                         rates. and
                                                                                                                                                                             consulting
                                                                                                                                                                      ITITconsulting
                                                                                                                                                                  exchange                    and
systems
  systemsintegration
              integrationservicesservicesection sectionabove.
                                                            above.Revenue
                                                                        Revenuefrom   frommaintenance
                                                                                               maintenanceservices servicesforforsoftware
                                                                                                                                     softwarelicenses
                                                                                                                                                  licensesold     soldisisrecognized
                                                                                                                                                                            recognized
  The   Company
straight-line
  straight-line   over
                     overalso
                          the    uses
                             theterm
                                   termofinterest
                                           ofthe      rate and cross-currency
                                                themaintenance
                                                      maintenance       period.
                                                                           period.          swaps to hedge either the cash flow exposure or the foreign
  exchange exposure of the long-term debt.
CGI
  CGIalso
        alsoprovides
               providesitsitsIPIPsolutions
                                        solutionsininthe   theform
                                                                 formofofSaaS SaaSwhere
                                                                                      wherethe   thecustomer
                                                                                                       customercannotcannotterminate
                                                                                                                                 terminatethe thehosting
                                                                                                                                                     hostingcontract
                                                                                                                                                                   contractand  andtake
                                                                                                                                                                                      take
  The   effective
possession
  possession           portion
                 ofofthethe        of
                               software
                            software  thewithout
                                             change in
                                             without         fair
                                                       significant value
                                                         significant          of
                                                                        penalty.      derivative
                                                                                 theSaaS
                                                                          penalty.     SaaS    are     financial
                                                                                                 arepart
                                                                                                       partofofthe instruments
                                                                                                                 themanaged
                                                                                                                      managedITIT        recognized
                                                                                                                                      isand
                                                                                                                                         and   business
                                                                                                                                            business             other
                                                                                                                                                             inprocess  comprehensive
                                                                                                                                                                 processervices
                                                                                                                                                                             services   offering
                                                                                                                                                                                          offering
  income
where
  where      and
         revenue
            revenue  the      generallyportion,
                           ineffective
                       isisgenerally          recognized
                                           recognized    if any,
                                                             over      the
                                                                   intime
                                                                over          consolidated
                                                                        timeasasthe the           statements
                                                                                          servicesare
                                                                                        services                   of earnings.
                                                                                                             provided.
                                                                                                        areprovided.       Transition
                                                                                                                         Transition   The  activities
                                                                                                                                         activities         portion
                                                                                                                                           effectivetotobring   bring of
                                                                                                                                                                    clients     change
                                                                                                                                                                           the toto
                                                                                                                                                                       clients      the
                                                                                                                                                                                      theSaaSin
                                                                                                                                                                                            SaaSfair
  value
platforms,of the
  platforms,         derivatives
                 including
              including        hosting is reclassified
                                 hosting    set-up
                                               set-upand     out   of other comprehensive
                                                        andcustomization,
                                                                customization,          thatare
                                                                                     that      arenot     income
                                                                                                           considered
                                                                                                     notconsidered        the
                                                                                                                    intodistinct consolidated
                                                                                                                          distinct  performance
                                                                                                                                       performance   statements
                                                                                                                                                          obligations
                                                                                                                                                            obligations     earnings
                                                                                                                                                                       of are             when
                                                                                                                                                                             arecapitalized
                                                                                                                                                                                    capitalized
asthe  hedgedcosts
  astransition
      transition    item
                      costs is
                             andrecognized
                               and  amortized
                                      amortized    inover
                                                      the
                                                       overconsolidated
                                                            thetheservice         statements of earnings.
                                                                     serviceperiod.
                                                                                  period.


CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         ––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor
                                                 thethe years
                                                      years ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,30,
                                                                                2025
                                                                                   2025
                                                                                      and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                          2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                                                       1321
                                                                                                                                                                                                         13
                                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 95

Notes
Notestotothe
          theConsolidated
             ConsolidatedFinancial
                          FinancialStatements
                                    Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2025
                                          2025and
                                                and2024
                                                    2024
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


3.3.       Summary
            Summaryofofmaterial
                        materialaccounting
                                 accountingpolicies
                                            policies(continued)
                                                     (continued)
REVENUE
 REVENUERECOGNITION,
          RECOGNITION,
 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL WORK
                        WORKININPROGRESS
                      INSTRUMENTSPROGRESS
                                    AND AND
                                          ANDDEFERRED
                                       HEDGINGDEFERREDREVENUE
                                                       REVENUE
                                                TRANSACTIONS   (CONTINUED)
                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                             (CONTINUED)
Work
 Workinof
 Cost  inprogress
          progressand
          hedging  anddeferred
                       deferredrevenue
                                 revenue
 Amounts
Amounts   recognized
 The Companyrecognized asasrevenue
                  has electedrevenue       excess
                                      ininexcess
                                 to account        ofofbillings
                                                         billings
                                               for forward       areareclassified
                                                               element            asaswork
                                                                         classified
                                                                          and foreign  workininprogress.
                                                                                       currency progress.  Amounts
                                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                                  basis spread         received
                                                                                                                     received
                                                                                                                 of forward                         the
                                                                                                                                                ofthe
                                                                                                                                         andofcross-
                                                                                                                                     advance
                                                                                                                               ininadvance
                                                                                                                              contracts
 performance
performance
 currency     ofof as
           swaps services
                   services
                       costs      delivery
                               delivery
                            oror
                              of  hedging.ofofIn
                                             products
                                               productsare
                                                 such       are the
                                                        cases, classified
                                                                 classified asasdeferred
                                                                       deferred  deferred
                                                                                  costs  revenue.
                                                                                           revenue.
                                                                                        (gains)  of Work
                                                                                                    hedging,   progressand
                                                                                                             progress
                                                                                                      Workininnet  of          deferred
                                                                                                                          anddeferred
                                                                                                                      applicable            taxes,are
                                                                                                                                          revenue
                                                                                                                                        revenue
                                                                                                                                   income              are
                                                                                                                                                      are
 presented
presented
 recognizednet
             net
               ona
              as ona a
                     contract
                       contract
                    separate    by-contract
                                   by-contract
                               component        basis.
                                               of basis.During
                                                  the     During
                                                      accumulated the    year
                                                                    theyear
                                                                         other ended
                                                                             ended   September
                                                                                       September30,
                                                                                comprehensive       30,
                                                                                                  income2025,
                                                                                                      2025,
                                                                                                          and  the
                                                                                                             the               recognized
                                                                                                                             recognized
                                                                                                                    revenuesin the
                                                                                                                  revenues
                                                                                                                reclassified                  fromthe
                                                                                                                                           from
                                                                                                                                      consolidated   the
 short-term
short-term deferred
             deferred
 statements of        revenue
                        revenue
                 earnings   when was
                                   was
                                    thenot
                                         not
                                           significantly
                                              significantly
                                         hedged                different
                                                   item isdifferent                   waspresented
                                                                                whatwas
                                                                          thanwhat
                                                                        than
                                                              derecognized.                presentedasasatatSeptember
                                                                                                             September30,  30,2024.
                                                                                                                               2024.

CASH
 CASHAND
      ANDCASH
 EMPLOYEE CASHEQUIVALENTS
               EQUIVALENTS
          BENEFITS
  Cashand
Cash
  The    andcash
       Companycashoperates
                  equivalents
                     equivalents
                               consist
                             bothconsist
                                       ofofbenefit
                                  defined unrestricted
                                           unrestricted
                                                   and cash
                                                        cashand
                                                             and
                                                       defined   short-terminvestments
                                                                short-term
                                                               contribution              havinga
                                                                                       having
                                                                             investments
                                                                            post-employment        maturity
                                                                                                     plans.ofofthree
                                                                                                 amaturity
                                                                                            benefit              threemonths
                                                                                                                       monthsororless
                                                                                                                                   less
from
  fromthe
        thedate
            dateofofpurchase.
                      purchase.
  The cost of defined contribution plans is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on the basis of contributions
  payable
SHORT-TERM
  SHORT-TERMby theINVESTMENTS
                    Company   during the year.
                     INVESTMENTS
  For  defined benefit
Short-term
  Short-term       investments,
                investments,    plans,   the
                                       comprise
                                     comprise  defined    benefit
                                                      generally
                                                    generally        obligations
                                                                       term
                                                                 ofofterm       deposits,
                                                                              deposits,     calculated
                                                                                      arehavehave          by independent
                                                                                                   remaining
                                                                                                     remaining   maturities            threeusing
                                                                                                                               actuaries
                                                                                                                  maturitiesoveroverthree   months,
                                                                                                                                              months,    projected
                                                                                                                                                     thebut
                                                                                                                                                          butnot
                                                                                                                                                               notmore  unit
                                                                                                                                                                     more than
                                                                                                                                                                             than
  credit
one
  one     method.
      year,
        year,at atthe   The
                     thedate    retirement
                           dateofofpurchase.
                                      purchase.benefits obligations in the consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the
  defined benefit obligations as reduced by the fair value of plan assets on a plan by plan basis. The retirement benefits assets
  are
FUNDS
  FUNDSrecognized
            HELD
              HELDFOR     to
                         FOR  the  extent
                               CLIENTS
                                 CLIENTS    that
                                              ANDANDthe  Company can
                                                      CLIENTS’
                                                        CLIENTS’      FUNDS
                                                                         FUNDS benefit from
                                                                                   OBLIGATIONS
                                                                                     OBLIGATIONS refunds or a reduction in future contributions. Retirement
  benefits plans that are funded by the payment of insurance premiums are treated as defined contribution plans unless the
InInconnection
     connectionwith    withthe theCompany’s
                                    Company’spayroll, payroll,tax
                                                                taxfiling
                                                                      filingandandclaims
                                                                                     claimservices,
                                                                                              services,the  theCompany
                                                                                                                 Companycollects
                                                                                                                              collectsfunds
                                                                                                                                         fundsforforpayment
                                                                                                                                                      paymentofofpayroll,
                                                                                                                                                                      payroll,
  Company has an obligation either to pay the benefits directly when they fall due or to pay further amounts if assets
taxes
  taxesandandclaims,
                 claims,temporarily
                              temporarilyholds holdsuchsuchfunds
                                                               fundsuntiluntilpayment
                                                                                 paymentisisdue, due,remits
                                                                                                       remitsthethefunds
                                                                                                                     fundstotothe
                                                                                                                                theclients’
                                                                                                                                     clients’employees,
                                                                                                                                               employees,appropriate
                                                                                                                                                               appropriatetax    tax
  accumulated with the insurer do not cover all future employee benefits. In uch circumstances, the plan is treated as a defined
authorities
  authoritiesororclaims
                      claimsholders,
                                 holders,filesfilestax
                                                     taxreturns
                                                          returnsand andhandles
                                                                             handlesrelated
                                                                                         relatedregulatory
                                                                                                   regulatorycorrespondence
                                                                                                                 correspondenceand      andamendments.
                                                                                                                                             amendments.The     Thefunds
                                                                                                                                                                       funds
  benefit plan.
held
  heldforforclients
              clientsinclude
                         includecash,cash,short-term
                                             short-terminvestments
                                                            investmentsand       andlong-term
                                                                                       long-termbonds.
                                                                                                     bonds.The TheCompany
                                                                                                                     Companypresents
                                                                                                                                  presentsthe thefunds
                                                                                                                                                    fundsheld
                                                                                                                                                           heldforforclients
                                                                                                                                                                       clients
and     relatedpolicies
  Insurance
  and related       obligations
                 obligations   are treated
                                     separately.
                                    eparately.  as plan
                                                      Funds
                                                    Funds       heldof
                                                           assets
                                                             held   foror    defined
                                                                          aclients
                                                                             clients   are
                                                                                     arebenefit   planas
                                                                                          classified
                                                                                            classified     the
                                                                                                        ifas    proceeds
                                                                                                            current
                                                                                                              current assets of the
                                                                                                                        assets  ince
                                                                                                                                 sincepolicy:
                                                                                                                                       these
                                                                                                                                         thesefunds
                                                                                                                                                 fundsareareheld
                                                                                                                                                              heldsolely
                                                                                                                                                                      solelyforfor
the
  thepurpose
       purposeofofsatisfying
                        satisfyingthe   theclients’
                                             clients’funds
                                                        fundsobligations,
                                                                 obligations,which  whichwill
                                                                                            willbeberepaid
                                                                                                      repaidwithin
                                                                                                               withinoneoneyear
                                                                                                                             yearofofthe
                                                                                                                                       theconsolidated
                                                                                                                                            consolidatedbalance
                                                                                                                                                             balancesheet sheet
        -      Can only be used to fund employee benefits;
date.
  date.TheThemarket
                 marketfluctuations
                             fluctuationsaffectaffectthe
                                                       thefair
                                                            fairvalue
                                                                  valueofofthe  thelong-term
                                                                                     long-termbonds.bonds.DueDuetotothose
                                                                                                                       thosefluctuations,
                                                                                                                              fluctuations,funds
                                                                                                                                               fundsheld
                                                                                                                                                       heldforforclients
                                                                                                                                                                   clientsmight
                                                                                                                                                                             might
not
  not -
     equal
       equalto  tothe
               Are   theclients'
                      not  clients'funds
                            available funds obligations.
                                               obligations.
                                          to the    Company’s creditors; and
  Interest
Interest- income
            income
              Eitherearned
                        earnedand
                       cannot    and
                                be   realized
                                       realized
                                    paid  to    gains
                                              the gainsand
                                                   Company     losses
                                                          andlosses  onon
                                                                unless   the
                                                                        thethe disposalofof
                                                                             disposal
                                                                            proceeds        short-term
                                                                                              short-term
                                                                                         represent        investments
                                                                                                            investments
                                                                                                      surplus   assets notand
                                                                                                                            and   long-term
                                                                                                                                long-term
                                                                                                                              needed            bonds
                                                                                                                                             bonds
                                                                                                                                         to eet            are
                                                                                                                                                      allare
                                                                                                                                                          the
  recordedinin
recorded        revenue
                  revenueinin
              benefit         the
                                theperiod
                        obligations  period
                                      or      thatthe
                                            that
                                          are  a    the
                                                      income
                                                         incomeisis for
                                                 reimbursement     earned,
                                                                     earned, asasthe
                                                                         benefits  thecollecting,
                                                                                        collecting,
                                                                                    already  paid by holdingand
                                                                                                    holding
                                                                                                       the     and                          fundsare
                                                                                                                                     thesefunds
                                                                                                                     remittingofofthese
                                                                                                                   remitting
                                                                                                            Company.                                        critical
                                                                                                                                                       arecritical
components
  componentsofofproviding
                       providingthese
                                   theseservices.
                                           services.
  Insurance policies that do not meet the above criteria are treated as non-current investments and are held at fair value as long-
  term financial assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
PROPERTY,
  PROPERTY,PLANT    PLANTAND   ANDEQUIPMENT
                                      EQUIPMENT(PP&E)   (PP&E)
  The   actuarial
  PP&Eare
PP&E                valuations
                recordedatatcost
          arerecorded             used
                               costand   to      depreciated
                                           aredepreciated
                                      andare determine         cost
                                                           the over oftheir
                                                                       defined
                                                                overtheir         benefit
                                                                          estimated
                                                                            estimated      pension
                                                                                        useful
                                                                                         usefullives  plans
                                                                                                  lives
                                                                                                      using
                                                                                                        usingand
                                                                                                              the  their             value
                                                                                                                         presentmethod.
                                                                                                                thestraight-line
                                                                                                                     straight-line          involve making
                                                                                                                                      method.
  assumptions such as discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in
  assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate,1010toto4040
 Buildings
   Buildings                                                                                                                                         management
                                                                                                                                                              years
                                                                                                                                                                 years
  considers
   Leasehold the
 Leasehold           interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency
             improvements
                improvements                                                                                           Lesserinofofthe
                                                                                                                         Lesser  which
                                                                                                                                     the the
                                                                                                                                       useful benefits
                                                                                                                                         useful
                                                                                                                                              lifelife
                                                                                                                                                     oror   willterm
                                                                                                                                                        lease
                                                                                                                                                          lease  be
                                                                                                                                                                  term
  paid,  andfixtures
 Furniture,
   Furniture,  that   have
               fixtures  andterms
                       and equipmentto maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.
                             equipment                                                                                                               33toto
                                                                                                                                                          1010years
                                                                                                                                                                 years
Computer
 Computerequipment
          equipment                                                                                                                                               33
                                                                                                                                                                   toto
                                                                                                                                                                      55years
                                                                                                                                                                          years
 The current service cost is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings under costs of services, selling and
 administrative. The net interest cost calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liabilities or assets is
LEASES
 LEASES
 recognized as net finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting
 change
When
 When     in benefits
         the
       the    Company
            Company   that  relates
                           enters
                         enters       to past
                                    into
                                  into        services or
                                        contractual
                                          contractual      the        or
                                                               gainswith
                                                      agreements
                                                       agreements        losses
                                                                      with          curtailment
                                                                                 on anan
                                                                           suppliers,
                                                                            suppliers,           is recognized
                                                                                           assessment
                                                                                            assessment         performed toto in
                                                                                                                 immediately
                                                                                                         isisperformed           the
                                                                                                                             determine
                                                                                                                              determineif ifthe
                                                                                                                                              the
 consolidated
contract
 contract       statements
            containsa
          contains            of The
                          lease.
                      alease.    earnings.
                                   The       The gains
                                         Company
                                        Company          or losses
                                                     identified
                                                   identified    lease
                                                               leaseon the  settlement
                                                                      agreements
                                                                         agreements     of
                                                                                      under  defined
                                                                                           a the
                                                                                       under   the    benefit plan
                                                                                                  following
                                                                                                    following       are recognized
                                                                                                              categories:
                                                                                                                categories:         when
                                                                                                                           Properties,
                                                                                                                             Properties,
                                                                                                                                       Motorthe
                                                                                                                                         Motor
 settlement
vehicles
 vehiclesand
           andoccurs.
              others,
                others,asaswell
                            wellasasComputer
                                       Computerequipment.
                                                 equipment.
  Remeasurements
The                        on defined
                       identifies
          Companyidentifies
  TheCompany                             benefit
                                     lease
                                a alease               plans include
                                          if ifit itconveys
                                                      conveys   theright
                                                              the        actuarial
                                                                               control
                                                                          totocontrol
                                                                      right           gains    useof
                                                                                          theuse
                                                                                        the  and    losses,    changes
                                                                                                      ofananidentified
                                                                                                              identified   in the
                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                          asset     effect
                                                                                                                                forfor             asset
                                                                                                                                           of theperiod
                                                                                                                                     a aspecific
                                                                                                                                          specific        ceiling
                                                                                                                                                   periodin        and the
                                                                                                                                                           inexchange
                                                                                                                                                               exchange
  return    on  plan
forfora adetermined    assets,  excluding     the     amount    included    in net   interest
                                                                                   assetforforhe
                                                                   right-of-useasset
                                                    inception,a aright-of-use
                          consideration.AtAtinception,
          determinedconsideration.                                                              on   the   net  defined
                                                                                                      underlyingasset
                                                                                                theunderlying            liabilities
                                                                                                                     assetand          or assets.
                                                                                                                             andcorresponding      Remeasurements
                                                                                                                                    correspondinglease
                                                                                                                                                     leaseliability
                                                                                                                                                             liabilityare
                                                                                                                                                                       are
  are
presentedcharged
  presented         or
                     thecredited
               ininthe            to other
                          consolidated
                        consolidated         comprehensive
                                        balance
                                         balancesheet                income
                                                                 measured
                                                         sheetmeasured       onon  the
                                                                               ina a     period
                                                                                    present
                                                                                      present     in
                                                                                               value
                                                                                                 valuewhich
                                                                                                         basis they
                                                                                                           basis     arise.
                                                                                                                 except
                                                                                                                  except forforshort-term
                                                                                                                                short-termleases
                                                                                                                                              leases(expected
                                                                                                                                                      (expectedterm  term
ofof1212months
           monthsororless)
                         less)and
                               andleases
                                     leaseswith  withlowlowvalue
                                                            valueunderlying
                                                                     underlyingassetassetforforwhich
                                                                                                 whichpayments
                                                                                                           paymentsare arerecorded
                                                                                                                             recordedasasananexpense
                                                                                                                                                 expenseonona a
straight-line
  straight-linebasisbasisover
                           overthe
                                 thelease
                                      leaseterm.term.
The
 Theright-of-use
       right-of-useassets
                     assetsare aremeasured
                                   measuredatatinitial
                                                  initiallease
                                                           leaseliabilities
                                                                  liabilitiesadjusted
                                                                              adjustedbybylease
                                                                                            leasepayments
                                                                                                  paymentsmade
                                                                                                             madebefore
                                                                                                                     beforethe
                                                                                                                             thecommencement
                                                                                                                                  commencement
date,
 date,indirect
         indirectcosts
                  costsand
                         andlease
                                leaseincentives
                                       incentivesreceived.
                                                   received.The Theright-of-use
                                                                      right-of-useassets
                                                                                    assetsarearedepreciated
                                                                                                 depreciatedonona astraight-line
                                                                                                                     straight-linebasis
                                                                                                                                   basisover
                                                                                                                                         overthe
                                                                                                                                               the
expected
 expectedlease
             leaseterm
                    termofofthe
                              theunderlying
                                  underlyingasset.
                                              asset.




CGI
 CGIInc. ––
      Inc. Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial Statements
                          Financial          forfor
                                    Statements   thethe
                                                      years ended
                                                        years     September
                                                              ended         30,30,
                                                                    September   2025  and
                                                                                   2025   2024
                                                                                        and 2024                                                                                14
                                                                                                                                                                              1422
96 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD AMENDMENTS
The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2024:
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Information about long-term debt with covenants –
Amendments to IAS 1
In January 2020, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, clarifying that the classification of liabilities as
current or non-current is based on existing rights at the end of the reporting period, independent of whether the Company will
exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability. Subsequently, in October 2022, the IASB introduced additional amendments
to IAS 1, emphasizing that covenants for long-term debt, regardless whether the covenants were compliant after the reporting
date, should not affect debt classification; instead, companies are required to disclose information about these covenants in
the notes accompanying their financial statements.

Supplier Finance Arrangements - Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7
In May 2023, the IASB amended IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to introduce
new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency on supplier finance arrangements and their impact on the
Company’s liabilities, cash flows and liquidity exposure. The new disclosure requirements include information such as terms
and conditions, the carrying amount of liabilities, the range of payment due dates, non-cash changes and liquidity risk
information around supplier finance arrangements.
The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

ACCOUNTING STANDARD CLARIFICATIONS
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”) Agenda Decision on Segment Reporting
In 2024, the IFRS Interpretations Committee issued an agenda decision clarifying disclosure requirements for reportable
segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments. The decision emphasizes the need to disclose certain specified items if these
are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) or are
otherwise regularly provided to the CODM, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss. Following its
evaluation of the IFRIC agenda decision, the Company has expanded its segment disclosures to reflect salaries, other
employee costs and contracted labour costs. The comparative financial information has been updated accordingly.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                   23
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 97

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
The following standard amendments have been issued and will be effective as of October 1, 2026 for the Company, with
earlier application permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact that these standard amendments may
have on its consolidated financial statements.
Classification and measurement of Financial Instruments – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
In May 2024, the IASB issued Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments, which amend
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures. The standard amendments clarify that a financial
liability is derecognized on the settlement date, specifically when the related obligation is discharged or cancelled or expires or
the liability otherwise qualified for derecognition. Furthermore, they clarify the treatment of non-recourse assets and
contractually linked instruments and they introduce additional disclosures for financial assets and liabilities with contractual
terms that reference a contingent event, and equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income.
The new requirements will be applied retrospectively. An entity is required to disclose information about financial assets that
change their measurement category due to the standard amendments.


The following standard has been issued by the IASB and will be effective as of October 1, 2027 for the Company, with earlier
application permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements.
IFRS 18 - Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
In April 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements which is set to replace IAS 1
Presentation of Financial Statements. The new IFRS accounting standard is aimed to improve comparability and transparency
of communication in financial statements. While a number of sections from IAS 1 have been brought forward to IFRS 18, the
standard introduces new requirements on presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and
subtotals. It also requires disclosure of management-defined financial performance measures used in public communications
outside financial statements and includes new requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of financial information based
on the identified roles of the primary financial statements and the notes. Retrospective application is required in both annual
and interim financial statements.

4.      Accounts receivable

                                                                                                            As at                           As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2025             September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                $                               $
Trade (Note 32)                                                                                        1,343,282                      1,117,712
Tax credits and R&D tax credits                                                                          167,599                        149,955
Other                                                                                                    102,896                        130,735
                                                                                                       1,613,777                      1,398,402




5.      Funds held for clients

                                                                                                            As at                           As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2025             September 30, 2024
                                                                                                               $                               $
 Cash (Note 32)                                                                                         704,503                         233,584
 Short-term investments                                                                                  33,001                          50,000
 Long-term bonds (Note 32)                                                                              240,932                         223,196
                                                                                                        978,436                         506,780




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                   24
98 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


6.      Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                             Furniture,
                                                                         Land and         Leasehold       fixtures and      Computer
                                                                         buildings     improvements         equipment      equipment        Total
                                                                                  $                  $                $           $            $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2024                                                  80,530              253,250       145,201        624,319    1,103,300
  Additions                                                                 2,378               29,004         6,729         81,430      119,541
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27)                                 737                7,327         4,130          3,201       15,395
  Disposals/retirements                                                    (2,857)             (28,914)       (8,566)       (85,580)    (125,917)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   2,406                9,194         4,816         26,844       43,260
As at September 30, 2025                                                   83,194              269,861       152,310        650,214    1,155,579
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2024                                                  25,983              173,539        90,258        446,697     736,477
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            3,535               25,166        13,219         92,323      134,243
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                         —                 1,532           215            139        1,886
  Disposals/retirements                                                    (1,432)             (28,914)       (8,566)       (85,580)    (124,492)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                     921                7,086         2,751         18,807       29,565
As at September 30, 2025                                                   29,007              178,409        97,877        472,386      777,679
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2025                               54,187               91,452        54,433        177,828      377,900




                                                                                                              Furniture,
                                                                          Land and         Leasehold       fixtures and     Computer
                                                                          buildings     improvements         equipment     equipment        Total
                                                                                  $                  $                $            $           $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2023                                                  81,381              256,804       149,271        620,371    1,107,827
  Additions                                                                 6,032               17,724        12,253         72,515      108,524
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27)                                  —                    96           196          1,086        1,378
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (10,236)             (27,142)      (19,273)       (86,710)    (143,361)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   3,353                5,768         2,754         17,057       28,932
As at September 30, 2024                                                   80,530              253,250       145,201        624,319    1,103,300
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2023                                                  26,979              165,260        94,710        431,602      718,551
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            2,550               28,974        12,988         90,306      134,818
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                        115                1,966           465            149        2,695
  Disposals/retirements                                                    (4,985)             (26,945)      (19,273)       (86,710)    (137,913)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   1,324                4,284         1,368         11,350       18,326
As at September 30, 2024                                                   25,983              173,539        90,258        446,697      736,477
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2024                               54,547               79,711        54,943        177,622      366,823




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                   25
                                                                                                               FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 99

Notes
Notes to
       to the
           the Consolidated
               Consolidated Financial
                            Financial Statements
                                      Statements
For
 Forthe
     theyears
         yearsended
               endedSeptember
                     September30,  30,2025
                                       2025and
                                            and2024
                                                2024
(tabular
 (tabularamounts
          amountsonly
                  onlyare
                       areininthousands
                               thousandsofofCanadian
                                            Canadiandollars,
                                                     dollars,except
                                                              exceptper
                                                                     pershare
                                                                         sharedata)
                                                                               data)


 7.
 7. Right-of-use
    Right-of-useassets
                 assets
                                                                                        Motor
                                                                                         Motorvehicles
                                                                                               vehiclesand
                                                                                                        and     Computer
                                                                                                                 Computer
                                                                         Properties
                                                                          Properties                others
                                                                                                     others    equipment
                                                                                                                equipment          Total
                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                                                  $$                     $$            $$             $$
Cost
 Cost
 As
  AsatatSeptember
         September30,30,2024
                          2024                                          1,043,012
                                                                         1,043,012               201,611
                                                                                                  201,611        10,174
                                                                                                                  10,174      1,254,797
                                                                                                                               1,254,797
  Additions
   Additions                                                               68,633
                                                                            68,633                53,803
                                                                                                   53,803         1,428
                                                                                                                   1,428        123,864
                                                                                                                                 123,864
  Additions
   Additions- -business
                businessacquisitions
                          acquisitions(Note
                                       (Note27)
                                             27)                           65,561
                                                                            65,561                   935
                                                                                                      935             —
                                                                                                                      —          66,496
                                                                                                                                  66,496
  Change
   Changeininestimates
               estimatesandandlease
                               leasemodifications
                                      modifications                        25,972
                                                                            25,972                     —
                                                                                                       —              —
                                                                                                                      —          25,972
                                                                                                                                  25,972
  Disposals/retirements
   Disposals/retirements                                                  (98,942)
                                                                           (98,942)              (52,781)
                                                                                                  (52,781)       (5,944)
                                                                                                                  (5,944)      (157,667)
                                                                                                                                (157,667)
  Foreign
   Foreigncurrency
           currencytranslation
                      translationadjustment
                                   adjustment                              57,560
                                                                            57,560                11,460
                                                                                                   11,460           433
                                                                                                                     433         69,453
                                                                                                                                  69,453
As
 Asat
    atSeptember
       September30, 30,2025
                         2025                                           1,161,796
                                                                         1,161,796               215,028
                                                                                                  215,028         6,091
                                                                                                                   6,091      1,382,915
                                                                                                                               1,382,915
Accumulated
 Accumulateddepreciation
                 depreciation
 As
  AsatatSeptember
         September30,30,2024
                          2024                                            683,857
                                                                           683,857                 95,723
                                                                                                    95,723        9,102
                                                                                                                   9,102       788,682
                                                                                                                                788,682
  Depreciation
   Depreciationexpense
                  expense(Note
                            (Note24)
                                  24)                                      98,195
                                                                            98,195                39,161
                                                                                                   39,161            884
                                                                                                                      884       138,240
                                                                                                                                 138,240
  Impairment
   Impairment(Note
               (Note24)
                     24)                                                   22,549
                                                                            22,549                     —
                                                                                                       —               —
                                                                                                                       —         22,549
                                                                                                                                  22,549
  Disposals/retirements
   Disposals/retirements                                                  (98,605)
                                                                           (98,605)              (46,327)
                                                                                                  (46,327)        (5,944)
                                                                                                                   (5,944)     (150,876)
                                                                                                                                (150,876)
  Foreign
   Foreigncurrency
           currencytranslation
                     translationadjustment
                                 adjustment                                36,590
                                                                            36,590                 5,223
                                                                                                    5,223            520
                                                                                                                      520        42,333
                                                                                                                                  42,333
As
 Asat
    atSeptember
       September30,30,2025
                        2025                                              742,586
                                                                           742,586                93,780
                                                                                                   93,780          4,562
                                                                                                                    4,562       840,928
                                                                                                                                 840,928
Net
 Netcarrying
     carryingamount
              amountas  asat
                           atSeptember
                              September30,
                                         30,2025
                                             2025                         419,210
                                                                           419,210               121,248
                                                                                                  121,248          1,529
                                                                                                                    1,529       541,987
                                                                                                                                 541,987



                                                                                         Motor
                                                                                          Motorvehicles
                                                                                                vehiclesand
                                                                                                         and    Computer
                                                                                                                 Computer
                                                                          Properties
                                                                           Properties                others
                                                                                                      others   equipment
                                                                                                                equipment          Total
                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                                                  $$                     $$            $$             $$
Cost
 Cost
  As
   AsatatSeptember
          September30, 30,2023
                            2023                                        1,022,910
                                                                         1,022,910               199,501
                                                                                                  199,501        38,943
                                                                                                                  38,943      1,261,354
                                                                                                                               1,261,354
   Additions
    Additions                                                              46,289
                                                                            46,289                41,968
                                                                                                   41,968           208
                                                                                                                     208         88,465
                                                                                                                                  88,465
   Additions
    Additions- -business
                 businessacquisitions
                            acquisitions(Note
                                         (Note27)
                                               27)                          2,341
                                                                             2,341                     —
                                                                                                       —              —
                                                                                                                      —           2,341
                                                                                                                                   2,341
   Change
    Changeininestimates
                estimatesand andlease
                                 leasemodifications
                                        modifications                      18,422
                                                                            18,422                     —
                                                                                                       —              —
                                                                                                                      —          18,422
                                                                                                                                  18,422
   Disposals/retirements
    Disposals/retirements                                                 (81,524)
                                                                           (81,524)              (46,014)
                                                                                                  (46,014)      (29,942)
                                                                                                                 (29,942)      (157,480)
                                                                                                                                (157,480)
   Foreign
    Foreigncurrency
             currencytranslation
                        translationadjustment
                                     adjustment                            34,574
                                                                            34,574                 6,156
                                                                                                    6,156           965
                                                                                                                     965         41,695
                                                                                                                                  41,695
As
 AsatatSeptember
        September30, 30,2024
                          2024                                          1,043,012
                                                                         1,043,012               201,611
                                                                                                  201,611        10,174
                                                                                                                  10,174      1,254,797
                                                                                                                               1,254,797
Accumulated
 Accumulateddepreciation
                 depreciation
  As
   AsatatSeptember
          September30, 30,2023
                            2023                                          644,021
                                                                           644,021                98,800
                                                                                                   98,800        36,212
                                                                                                                  36,212        779,033
                                                                                                                                 779,033
   Depreciation
    Depreciationexpense
                    expense(Note
                              (Note24)
                                    24)                                    89,198
                                                                            89,198                35,507
                                                                                                   35,507         1,910
                                                                                                                   1,910        126,615
                                                                                                                                 126,615
   Impairment
    Impairment(Note
                  (Note24)
                        24)                                                10,119
                                                                            10,119                     —
                                                                                                       —              —
                                                                                                                      —          10,119
                                                                                                                                  10,119
   Disposals/retirements
    Disposals/retirements                                                 (80,766)
                                                                           (80,766)              (41,970)
                                                                                                  (41,970)      (29,942)
                                                                                                                 (29,942)      (152,678)
                                                                                                                                (152,678)
   Foreign
    Foreigncurrency
             currencytranslation
                        translationadjustment
                                     adjustment                            21,285
                                                                            21,285                 3,386
                                                                                                    3,386           922
                                                                                                                     922         25,593
                                                                                                                                  25,593
As
 AsatatSeptember
        September30, 30,2024
                          2024                                            683,857
                                                                           683,857                95,723
                                                                                                   95,723         9,102
                                                                                                                   9,102        788,682
                                                                                                                                 788,682
Net
 Netcarrying
      carryingamount
                amountas asatatSeptember
                                September30,30,2024
                                                2024                      359,155
                                                                           359,155               105,888
                                                                                                  105,888         1,072
                                                                                                                   1,072        466,115
                                                                                                                                 466,115




CGI
 CGIInc.
     Inc.––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                   Statementsfor
                                              forthe
                                                  theyears
                                                      yearsended
                                                            endedSeptember
                                                                  September30,
                                                                            30,2025
                                                                                2025and
                                                                                     and2024
                                                                                         2024                                         26
                                                                                                                                       26
100 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


8.      Contract costs

                                                                                  As at September 30, 2025                                As at September 30, 2024
                                                                                 Accumulated                Net                         Accumulated                Net
                                                                                  amortization         carrying                          amortization         carrying
                                                                      Cost     and impairment           amount             Cost       and impairment          amount
                                                                          $                    $             $                   $                     $            $
Transition costs                                                  690,012               323,563       366,449         610,971                274,243        336,728
Incentives                                                         18,757                14,274         4,483          51,045                 43,744          7,301
                                                                  708,769               337,837       370,932         662,016                317,987        344,029


9.      Intangible assets

                                                                                                                   Business
                                                                            Software           Business            solutions                 Client
                                                                           internally          solutions           internally        relationships
                                                          Software        developed            acquired           developed           and backlog               Total
                                                                  $                 $                   $                   $                     $                 $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2024                                 256,178             113,070              81,776           928,297            1,412,161           2,791,482
  Additions                                                69,939               7,356                  —             94,334                   —              171,629
  Business acquisitions (Note 27)                             731                  16                  —                 —               202,954             203,701
  Disposals/retirements                                   (62,037)             (5,829)             (5,296)           (7,837)                  —              (80,999)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                   7,336               1,362               2,762            34,576               79,093             125,129
As at September 30, 2025                                  272,147             115,975              79,242         1,049,370            1,694,208           3,210,942
Accumulated amortization and
 impairment
 As at September 30, 2024                                 193,111              84,988              63,320          544,463             1,187,025           2,072,907
  Amortization expense (Note 24)                           55,579              11,710               3,137           83,228                77,985             231,639
  Impairment (Note 24)                                         —                   —                1,170            5,774                    —                6,944
  Disposals/retirements                                   (62,037)             (5,829)             (5,296)          (7,837)                   —              (80,999)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                   4,463               1,045               2,607           18,954                65,376              92,445
As at September 30, 2025                                  191,116              91,914              64,938          644,582             1,330,386           2,322,936
Net carrying amount as at
September 30, 2025                                         81,031              24,061              14,304          404,788               363,822            888,006


                                                                                                                    Business
                                                                           Software            Business             solutions                 Client
                                                                           internally          solutions            internally        relationships
                                                           Software       developed            acquired            developed           and backlog               Total
                                                                  $                 $                   $                   $                     $                 $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2023                                 228,673             110,225              90,139          841,740             1,248,069           2,518,846
  Additions                                                50,534               7,720                  —           100,810                    —              159,064
  Business acquisitions (Note 27)                              69                  —                   —                —                124,330             124,399
  Disposals/retirements                                   (26,301)             (5,806)             (9,672)         (20,221)                   —              (62,000)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                   3,203                 931               1,309            5,968                39,762              51,173
As at September 30, 2024                                  256,178             113,070              81,776          928,297             1,412,161           2,791,482
Accumulated amortization and
 impairment
 As at September 30, 2023                                 175,238              75,187              67,954          474,462             1,102,902           1,895,743
  Amortization expense (Note 24)                           40,088              14,810               3,838           77,701                49,304             185,741
  Impairment (Note 24)                                      1,439                 131                  —            10,004                    —               11,574
  Disposals/retirements                                   (26,301)             (5,806)             (9,672)         (20,221)                   —              (62,000)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                   2,647                 666               1,200            2,517                34,819              41,849
As at September 30, 2024                                  193,111              84,988              63,320          544,463             1,187,025           2,072,907
Net carrying amount as at
September 30, 2024                                         63,067              28,082              18,456          383,834               225,136            718,575

CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                        27
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 101

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


10. Other long-term assets

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2025   September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                $                     $
Long-term prepaid services                                                                                29,169               24,061
Insurance contracts held to fund defined benefit pension and life assurance
  arrangements - reimbursement rights (Note 17)                                                           20,139               19,675
Retirement benefits assets (Note 17)                                                                      55,156               22,446
Deposits                                                                                                  18,609               13,503
Deferred financing fees                                                                                    2,434                2,425
Other                                                                                                     17,813               28,330
                                                                                                         143,320              110,440




11. Long-term financial assets

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2025   September 30, 2024
                                                                                                               $                     $
Deferred compensation plan assets (Notes 17 and 32)                                                     125,388               112,270
Long-term investments (Note 32)                                                                          27,687                24,209
Long-term receivables                                                                                     8,509                10,114
Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 32)                                                        854                 2,644
                                                                                                        162,438               149,237




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                         28
102 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


12. Goodwill
Effective October 1, 2024, the Company realigned its management structure, resulting in the reorganization of its operating
segments (Note 29). The former operating segments of Scandinavia and Central Europe (Germany, Sweden, and Norway) and
Northwest and Central-East Europe (primarily Netherlands, Denmark, and Czech Republic) were reorganized into
Scandinavia, Northwest, and Central-East Europe operating segment (primarily Sweden, Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, and
Czech Republic), and Germany operating segment. As a result, the Company is managed through the following nine operating
segments: Western and Southern Europe (primarily France, Portugal and Spain); United States (U.S.) Commercial and State
Government; U.S. Federal; Canada; Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe (primarily Sweden, Netherlands,
Norway, Denmark and Czech Republic); United Kingdom (U.K.) and Australia; Germany; Finland, Poland and Baltics; and Asia
Pacific Global Delivery Centers of Excellence (mainly India and Philippines) (Asia Pacific).
Due to the changes in operating segments and that CGUs correspond to the operating segments, the Company reallocated
goodwill to the revised CGUs using their relative fair value. There were no triggering events for an early impairment test before
the reclassification.
The operating segments reflect the fiscal year 2025 revised management structure and the way that the CODM, who is the
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, evaluates the business.
The Company completed the annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2025 and did not identify any
impairment.
The movements in goodwill were as follows:

                                                  Western             U.S.                          Scandinavia,                                         Finland,
                                                      and      Commercial                              Northwest                                          Poland
                                                 Southern        and State          U.S.             and Central-            U.K. and                        and          Asia
                                                   Europe      Government        Federal     Canada East Europe1             Australia    Germany         Baltics       Pacific             Total
                                                           $                $          $             $                  $            $           $             $             $                  $
    As at September 30, 2024                     1,635,707       1,298,257 1,484,296 1,142,148                2,021,014       980,940           —        637,177 270,837                9,470,376
    Goodwill reallocation                                  —            —             —              —         (733,992)            —      733,992            —             —                  —
    Business acquisitions (Note 27)                217,519         237,886        47,507         28,750                 — 1,143,403         45,702            —             —           1,720,767
    Foreign currency translation adjustment        143,498          35,124        46,908             —          125,423         81,110      68,568        54,312        (1,304)          553,639
    As at September 30, 2025                     1,996,724       1,571,267 1,578,711 1,170,898                1,412,445 2,205,453          848,262       691,489 269,533           11,744,782

1    As at September 30, 2024, the goodwill of Scandinavia and Central Europe of $1,462,970 and Northwest and Central-East Europe of $558,044, under the old
     management structure, were combined for presentation purposes.

Key assumptions in goodwill impairment testing
The key assumptions for the CGUs are disclosed in the following tables for the years ended September 30:

                                                                 Western               U.S.                          Scandinavia,                                         Finland,
                                                                     and        Commercial                             Northwest                                           Poland
                                                                Southern          and State   U.S.                   and Central-         U.K. and                            and           Asia
    2025                                                          Europe        Government Federal            Canada East Europe          Australia      Germany           Baltics        Pacific
                                                                      %                     %             %       %                  %           %             %                   %           %
      Pre-tax WACC                                                   9.7               11.3          11.4        9.1                8.5       11.1           10.1                 9.9        15.9
      Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1             2.0                   2.0        2.0        2.0                2.0         2.0           1.9                 2.0         2.0


                                                                                                                                                         Northwest
                                                                  Western               U.S.                                                                   and         Finland,
                                                                      and        Commercial                                 Scandinavia                   Central-          Poland
                                                                 Southern          and State         U.S.                   and Central     U.K. and          East             and           Asia
    2024                                                           Europe        Government       Federal     Canada            Europe      Australia      Europe           Baltics        Pacific
                                                                       %                    %             %        %                 %               %              %              %           %
      Pre-tax WACC                                                   10.3               11.4         10.3        10.9             10.0          11.5          10.2            10.3           17.8
      Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1              2.0                  2.0        2.0         2.0               2.0          2.0           2.0                2.0         2.0

1    The long-term growth rate is based on the lower of published industry research growth and 2.0%.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                                                   29
                                                                                                                           FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 103

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


13. Provisions

                                                                                        Decommissioning
                                                                     Severances1              liabilities2                     Others3                       Total
                                                                               $                          $                             $                          $
    As at September 30, 2024                                              12,003                    20,038                     14,381                     46,422
     Additional provisions                                               217,475                     7,719                     21,114                    246,308
     Utilized amounts                                                    (95,650)                     (647)                    (8,496)                  (104,793)
     Reversals of unused amounts                                          (3,819)                     (628)                    (6,287)                   (10,734)
     Discount rate adjustment and imputed                                     —                        297                        136                            433
      interest
     Foreign currency translation adjustment                               4,307                     1,159                        894                      6,360
    As at September 30, 2025                                             134,316                    27,938                     21,742                    183,996
    Current portion                                                      119,850                     6,786                     17,695                    144,331
    Non-current portion                                                   14,466                    21,152                      4,047                     39,665
1    See Note 25, Restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs.
2    As at September 30, 2025, the decommissioning liabilities were based on the expected cash flows of $26,718,000 and were discounted at a weighted average
     rate of 1.73%. The timing of settlements of these obligations ranges between one and fifteen years as at September 30, 2025. The reversals of unused amounts
     are due to favourable settlements.
3    As at September 30, 2025, others included provisions on revenue-generating contracts, onerous supplier contracts mainly under the restructuring, the cost
     optimization program and related integration costs (Note 25), as well as litigation and claims.


14. Long-term debt
                                                                                                                              As at                         As at
                                                                                                                 September 30, 2025           September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                    $                              $
    2021 U.S. Senior Notes of $835,860 (U.S. $600,000) repayable in September 2026 and of
      $557,240 (U.S. $400,000) repayable in September 20311                                                               1,386,564                    1,342,758
    2021 CAD Senior Notes of $600,000 repayable in September 20282                                                          597,892                      597,212
    2024 CAD Senior Notes of $300,000 repayable in September 2027 and of $450,000
      repayable in September 20293                                                                                          747,001                      746,144
    2025 U.S. Senior Notes of $905,515 (U.S $650,000) repayable in March 20304                                              894,509                           —
    Other long-term debt                                                                                                     11,869                        2,194
                                                                                                                          3,637,835                    2,688,308
    Current portion                                                                                                         845,253                          999
                                                                                                                          2,792,582                    2,687,309

1    The senior unsecured notes issued in 2021 of U.S. $1,000,000,000 (2021 U.S. Senior Notes) are comprised of two series of senior unsecured notes with a
     weighted average maturity of 3 years and a weighted average interest rate of 1.79%. As at September 30, 2025, these represent an amount of $1,393,100,000,
     less financing fees.
2    The senior unsecured notes issued in 2021 of $600,000,000 (2021 CAD Senior Notes), less financing fees, are due in September 2028, with an interest rate of
     2.10%.
3    The senior unsecured notes issued in 2024 of $750,000,000 (2024 CAD Senior Notes), less financing fees, are comprised of two series of senior unsecured
     notes with a weighted average maturity of 3 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.08% as at September 30 2025.
4    In March 2025, the Company issued senior unsecured notes (2025 U.S. Senior Notes) for a total principal amount of U.S. $650,000,000, less financing fees.
     This issuance is comprised of one series of notes with a maturity of 5 years at an interest rate of 4.95%.


The Company has an unsecured committed revolving credit facility available for an amount of $1,500,000,000 that expires in
October 2029. This facility bears interest at variable reference rate benchmarks, plus a variable margin that is determined
based on the Company's credit rating. As at September 30, 2025, there was no amount drawn upon this facility. An amount of
$3,752,000 has been committed against this facility to cover various letters of credit issued for clients and other parties. On
October 30, 2025, the unsecured committed revolving credit facility was extended by one year to October 30, 2030 and can be
further extended. There were no material changes in the terms and conditions including interest rates and banking covenants.
The unsecured committed revolving credit facility contains covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial
ratios (Note 33). As at September 30, 2025, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                       30
104 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


15. Other long-term liabilities

                                                                                                                   As at                     As at
                                                                                                      September 30, 2025       September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                      $                         $
 Deferred revenue                                                                                              153,872                   137,450
 Deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note 17)                                                              139,317                   124,447
 Other                                                                                                          47,984                    39,185
                                                                                                               341,173                   301,082




16. Income taxes
                                                                                                                     Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                     2025                    2024
                                                                                                                           $                    $
Current income tax expense
  Current income tax expense in respect of the current year                                                      628,169                731,338
  Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the income tax (recovery) expense of prior
    years                                                                                                        (44,889)                12,998
Total current income tax expense                                                                                 583,280                744,336
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)
  Deferred income tax recovery relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                  (33,531)              (118,893)
  Deferred income tax recovery relating to changes in tax rates                                                    (1,619)                    —
  Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the deferred income tax expense
    (recovery) of prior years                                                                                     35,775                 (27,207)
Total deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                         625                (146,100)
Total income tax expense                                                                                         583,905                 598,236



The Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the combined Federal and Provincial Canadian statutory tax rate as
follows:

                                                                                                                     Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                     2025                    2024
                                                                                                                           %                    %
Company's statutory tax rate                                                                                         26.5                    26.5
Effect of foreign tax rate differences                                                                               (0.7)                   (0.3)
Final determination from agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations                  (0.4)                   (0.3)
Non-deductible and tax exempt items                                                                                   0.5                     0.3
Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                                           —                     (0.3)
Minimum income tax charge                                                                                             0.2                     0.2
Changes in tax laws and rates                                                                                        (0.1)                     —
Effective income tax rate                                                                                            26.0                    26.1




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                    31
                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 105

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16. Income taxes (continued)

The continuity schedule of deferred tax balances is as follows:

                                                 Additions                            Recognized                        Foreign currency
                                         As at        from                               in other                             translation      As at
                                  September 30,   business        Recognized in    comprehensive        Recognized       adjustment and September 30,
                                          2024 acquisitions           earnings            income          in equity                 other       2025
                                              $              $                $                    $               $                    $                $

Accounts payable, accrued
 compensation and liabilities,
 provisions, and other long-
 term liabilities                      132,021              —           (13,894)                 —            (5,811)               3,933         116,249
Tax benefits on losses carried
  forward                               51,180              —              618                   —                —                 2,164          53,962
Retirement benefits obligations         27,034              —             2,297           (13,062)                —                 2,125          18,394
Capitalized research and
 development                           174,467              —           18,545                   —                —                 5,370         198,382
Lease liabilities                      156,479           4,360             (712)                 —                —                 7,925         168,052
PP&E, contract costs,
 intangible assets and other
 long-term assets                       (73,149)       (44,860)          (4,353)                 —                —                (4,801)        (127,163)
Right-of-use assets                    (123,982)        (4,360)           3,237                  —                —                (6,800)        (131,905)
Work in progress                        (15,621)            —            (3,593)                 —                —                  (857)         (20,071)
Goodwill                                (93,682)            —           (20,157)                 —                —                (2,949)        (116,788)
Refundable tax credits on
 salaries                               (24,943)          (532)           6,257                  —                —                   (25)         (19,243)
Cash flow and net investment
 hedges                                 14,060              —                26                5,873              —                   294          20,253
Other                                    (2,429)            —           11,103                 (285)              —                  (900)           7,489
Deferred taxes, net                    221,435         (45,392)            (626)            (7,474)           (5,811)               5,479         167,611


                                                     Additions                         Recognized                        Foreign currency
                                         As at            from                            in other                             translation          As at
                                  September 30,      business     Recognized in     comprehensive      Recognized in      adjustment and     September 30,
                                          2023     acquisitions       earnings            income              equity                other            2024
                                              $              $                $                    $               $                    $                $
 Accounts payable, accrued
  compensation and liabilities,
  provisions, and other long-
  term liabilities                     112,599              —           20,946                   —            (3,599)               2,075         132,021
Tax benefits on losses carried
  forward                               56,078              —            (7,265)                 —                —                 2,367          51,180
Retirement benefits obligations         27,243              —              795                 (356)              —                  (648)         27,034
Capitalized research and
 development                            92,880              —           82,302                   —                —                  (715)        174,467
Lease liabilities                      169,288              —           (16,919)                 —                —                 4,110         156,479
PP&E, contract costs,
 intangible assets and other
 long-term assets                      (123,717)            —           49,457                   —                —                 1,111          (73,149)
Right-of-use assets                    (143,411)            —           23,077                   —                —                (3,648)        (123,982)
Work in progress                        (14,372)            —              (926)                 —                —                  (323)         (15,621)
Goodwill                                (87,259)            —            (6,346)                 —                —                   (77)         (93,682)
Refundable tax credits on
 salaries                               (22,568)            —            (2,478)                 —                —                   103          (24,943)
Cash flow and net investment
 hedges                                  (4,010)            —           14,164                 5,374              —                (1,468)         14,060
Other                                   11,600              —           (10,707)            (3,462)               —                   140           (2,429)
Deferred taxes, net                     74,351              —          146,100                 1,556          (3,599)               3,027         221,435




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                            32
106 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
 Notestotothe
           theConsolidated
               ConsolidatedFinancial
                            FinancialStatements
                                      Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,   30,2025
                                           2025and
                                                 and2024
                                                     2024
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                          areininthousands
                                   thousandsofofCanadian
                                                 Canadiandollars,
                                                          dollars,except
                                                                   exceptper
                                                                          pershare
                                                                              sharedata)
                                                                                    data)


16.
 16.Income
     Incometaxes
            taxes(continued)
                  (continued)

The
 Thedeferred
     deferredtax
               taxbalances
                   balancesare
                             arepresented
                                  presentedasasfollows
                                                 followsininthe
                                                              theconsolidated
                                                                  consolidatedbalance
                                                                               balancesheets:
                                                                                       sheets:
                                                                                                     AsAsat at                                               AsAsat at
                                                                                       September
                                                                                         September
                                                                                                 30,30,
                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                        2025                                   September
                                                                                                                                                 September
                                                                                                                                                         30,30,
                                                                                                                                                             2024
                                                                                                                                                                2024
                                                                                                           $ $                                                    $ $
Deferred
 Deferredtaxtax
              assets
                 assets                                                                            239,284
                                                                                                     239,284                                              242,567
                                                                                                                                                            242,567
Deferred
 Deferredtaxtax
              liabilities
                 liabilities                                                                       (71,673)
                                                                                                     (71,673)                                             (21,132)
                                                                                                                                                            (21,132)
                                                                                                   167,611
                                                                                                     167,611                                              221,435
                                                                                                                                                            221,435


AsAsatat
       September
         September30,    30,2025,
                               2025,the
                                      theCompany
                                           Companyhad   had$203,415,000
                                                             $203,415,000    ($195,358,000
                                                                                ($195,358,000   asasatat
                                                                                                       September
                                                                                                         September30,    30,2024)
                                                                                                                             2024)ininoperating
                                                                                                                                        operatingtax     taxlosses
                                                                                                                                                              losses
carried
  carriedforward,
           forward,ofofwhichwhich$63,937,000
                                   $63,937,000    ($39,077,000
                                                    ($39,077,000   asasatat
                                                                          September
                                                                            September30,        2024)expire
                                                                                           30,2024)     expireatatvarious
                                                                                                                   variousdates
                                                                                                                              datesfrom
                                                                                                                                     from 2041
                                                                                                                                             2041    toto
                                                                                                                                                        2043
                                                                                                                                                          2043  and
                                                                                                                                                                  and
  $139,478,000
$139,478,000      ($156,281,000
                     ($156,281,000     asasatat
                                              September
                                                September30,  30,2024)
                                                                   2024)have
                                                                           havenonoexpiry
                                                                                      expirydates.
                                                                                               dates.
                                                                                                    AsAsatat
                                                                                                           September
                                                                                                              September30,   30,2025,
                                                                                                                                 2025,a adeferred
                                                                                                                                             deferredincome income
tax
  taxasset
       assetofof
               $48,989,000
                 $48,989,000     ($46,564,000
                                   ($46,564,000    asasatat
                                                          September
                                                            September30,  30,2024)
                                                                                2024)has
                                                                                       hasbeen
                                                                                            beenrecognized
                                                                                                   recognizedonon    $188,978,000
                                                                                                                        $188,978,000   ($180,647,000
                                                                                                                                         ($180,647,000        asasatat
September
  September30,   30,2024)
                      2024)ofofthese
                                  theselosses.
                                          losses. The
                                                    Thedeferred
                                                         deferredincome
                                                                     incometaxtaxassets
                                                                                    assetsare
                                                                                            arerecognized
                                                                                                 recognizedonlyonlytotothethextent
                                                                                                                              extentthat
                                                                                                                                      thatit itis isprobable
                                                                                                                                                      probablethat
                                                                                                                                                                 that
taxable
  taxableincome
            incomewill willbebeavailable
                                availableagainst
                                            againstwhich
                                                      whichthetheunused
                                                                  unusedtax taxlosses
                                                                                  lossescan
                                                                                          canbebeutilized.
                                                                                                   utilized.
                                                                                                           AsAsatatSeptember
                                                                                                                      September30,  30,2025,
                                                                                                                                         2025,the    theCompany
                                                                                                                                                          Company
had
  had $14,437,000
        $14,437,000    ($14,711,000
                         ($14,711,000    asasatat
                                                September
                                                  September30,   30,2024)
                                                                      2024)ofofthe
                                                                                 theunrecognized
                                                                                     unrecognizedoperating
                                                                                                       operatingtax taxlosses
                                                                                                                         lossesthat
                                                                                                                                 thathave
                                                                                                                                       havenonoexpiry  expirydates.
                                                                                                                                                               dates.
AsAsatat
       September
         September30, 30,2025,
                          2025,thetheCompany
                                        Companyhad  had$471,820,000
                                                         $471,820,000 ($470,177,000
                                                                        ($470,177,000 asasatat
                                                                                             September
                                                                                               September30, 30,2024)
                                                                                                                 2024)ininon-operating
                                                                                                                          non-operatingtax tax
losses
  lossescarried
          carriedforward
                   forwardthat
                            thathave
                                 havenonoexpiry
                                             expirydates.
                                                     dates.
                                                          AsAsatat
                                                                 September
                                                                   September30,
                                                                              30,2025,
                                                                                  2025,a adeferred
                                                                                            deferredincome
                                                                                                      incometaxtaxasset
                                                                                                                   assetofof
                                                                                                                           $4,973,000
                                                                                                                             $4,973,000
($4,616,000
  ($4,616,000 asasatat
                     September
                       September30,  30,2024)
                                           2024)has
                                                  hasbeen
                                                       beenrecognized
                                                             recognizedonon
                                                                          $19,254,000
                                                                            $19,254,000 ($17,869,000
                                                                                           ($17,869,000  asasatat
                                                                                                                September
                                                                                                                  September30, 30,2024)
                                                                                                                                   2024)ofof
these
  theselosses.
         losses.
               AsAsatatSeptember
                        September30,    30,2025,
                                            2025,the
                                                   theCompany
                                                        Companyhad had
                                                                     $452,566,000
                                                                       $452,566,000 ($452,308,000
                                                                                      ($452,308,000   asasatat
                                                                                                             September
                                                                                                               September30, 30,2024)
                                                                                                                                2024)ofof
unrecognized
  unrecognizednon-operating
                   non-operatingtax taxlosses.
                                         losses.
AsAsatat
       September
         September30,   30,2025,
                             2025,the
                                    theCompany
                                           Companyhad    had$667,609,000
                                                              $667,609,000    ($1,315,252,000
                                                                                ($1,315,252,000     asasatat
                                                                                                           September
                                                                                                             September30,  30,2024)
                                                                                                                               2024)ofofcashcashandandcash
                                                                                                                                                        cash
equivalents
  equivalentsheldheldbybyforeign
                           foreignsubsidiaries.
                                    subsidiaries.    The
                                                       Thetaxtaximplications
                                                                  implicationsofofthe
                                                                                    therepatriation
                                                                                         repatriationofofcash
                                                                                                            cashand
                                                                                                                  andcash
                                                                                                                       cashequivalents
                                                                                                                              equivalentsnot  notconsidered
                                                                                                                                                   considered
indefinitely
  indefinitelyreinvested
                reinvestedhavehavebeen
                                     beenaccounted
                                             accountedforforand  andwill
                                                                     willnot
                                                                           notmaterially
                                                                                materiallyaffect
                                                                                            affectthe
                                                                                                    theCompany’s
                                                                                                          Company’sliquidity.
                                                                                                                       liquidity.InInaddition,
                                                                                                                                      addition,thetheCompany
                                                                                                                                                       Company
has
  hasnot
       notrecorded      deferredtax
            recordedeferred        taxliabilities
                                         liabilitiesononundistributed
                                                          undistributedearnings
                                                                           earnings ofof
                                                                                       $11,167,109,000
                                                                                         $11,167,109,000      ($9,308,421,000
                                                                                                                ($9,308,421,000    asasatat
September
  September    30, 2024)
                 30, 2024)  coming
                              coming from
                                        fromitsits
                                                 foreign
                                                    foreignsubsidiaries
                                                             subsidiaries  asasthey are
                                                                                 they  areconsidered
                                                                                            considered   indefinitely reinvested.
                                                                                                           indefinitely  reinvested.  Upon
                                                                                                                                        Upon distribution
                                                                                                                                               distributionofof
  thesearnings
these    earnings  inin
                      the
                        theform ofof
                             form   dividends
                                       dividends    oror
                                                       otherwise,
                                                         otherwise, thetheCompany
                                                                            Company   may
                                                                                        may bebesubject
                                                                                                   subject    taxation.
                                                                                                           toto taxation.

Organization
 Organizationfor Economic
               for        Co-operation
                   Economic            and
                            Co-operation   Development
                                         and           (OECD)
                                             Development      Pillar
                                                         (OECD)      Two
                                                                Pillar   Rules
                                                                       Two Rules
TheThe  company  is isubject
           company           toto
                       subject  the minimum
                                  the       top-up
                                      minimum      tax
                                              top-up   under
                                                     tax     the
                                                         under   Pillar
                                                               the      two
                                                                   Pillar   tax
                                                                          two   legislation.
                                                                              tax            The
                                                                                  legislation.   current
                                                                                               The       tax
                                                                                                   current   recorded
                                                                                                           tax recordeduring
                                                                                                                       duringthe year
                                                                                                                               the year
is is
    nil.nil.
The
  Thecompany
       company has
                 hasapplied
                     appliedthe temporary
                              the temporary recognition
                                              recognitionexception inin
                                                           exception  relation toto
                                                                        relation  accounting
                                                                                    accounting andisclosure
                                                                                             and   disclosure    deferred
                                                                                                            forfor        taxes
                                                                                                                   deferred taxes
arising from
  arising    the
          from   implementation
               the implementation ofof
                                     the Pillar
                                       the      two
                                           Pillar   rules.
                                                  two rules.




CGI
 CGIInc.
      Inc.
         – –
           Consolidated
             Consolidated
                        Financial
                          Financial
                                  Statements
                                    Statements
                                             forfor   years
                                                 thethe years
                                                            ended
                                                              ended
                                                                  September
                                                                    September
                                                                            30,30,
                                                                                2025
                                                                                   2025
                                                                                      and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                          2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                 3333
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 107

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits

The Company operates various post-employment plans, including defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as
well as other benefit plans for its employees.

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
The Company operates defined benefit pension plans primarily for the benefit of employees in the U.K., France and Germany,
with smaller plans in other countries. The benefits are based on pensionable salary and years of service and most of them are
funded with assets held in separate funds.
The defined benefit plans expose the Company to interest risk, inflation risk, longevity risk, currency risk and market
investment risk.
The following description focuses mainly on plans registered in the U.K., France and Germany:
U.K.
In the U.K., the Company has three defined benefit pension plans, the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme, the Logica U.K. Pension &
Life Assurance Scheme and the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan.
The CMG U.K. Pension Scheme is closed to new employees and is closed to further accrual of rights for existing employees.
The Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme is still open but only for employees who come from the civil service with
protected pensions. The Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan is closed to new employees and is closed to further accrual of
rights for existing employees. The plan was created to mirror the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme and was created for
employees that worked for National Grid and Welsh Water with protected benefits.
Both the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme and the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan are employer and
employee based contribution plans.
The trustees are the custodians of the defined benefit pension plans and are responsible for the plan administration, including
investment strategies. The trustees review periodically the investment and the asset allocation policies. As such, the CMG U.K.
Pension Scheme policy is to target an allocation up to a maximum of 65% to return-seeking assets such as equities; the
Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme policy is to invest 15% of the scheme assets in equities and 85% in bonds; and
the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan policy is to invest 10% of the plan assets in equities and 90% in bonds.
The U.K. Pensions Act 2004 requires that full formal actuarial valuations are carried out at least every three years to determine
the contributions that the Company should pay in order for the plan to meet its statutory objective, taking into account the
assets already held. In the interim years, the trustees need to obtain estimated funding updates unless the scheme has less
than 100 employees in total.
The new funding actuarial valuations of the three defined benefit pension plans described above are being performed at
September 30, 2025 and the results are expected to be available by December 31, 2025. In the meantime, the
Company followed the last funding actuarial valuations from 2022 as at September 30, 2025:

     –     The actuarial valuation of the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme reported a surplus of $38,071,000. It specified that no
           supplementary contributions were required in order to reach the plan funding objectives. Since January 1, 2022, the
           Company did not contribute to the plan; and
     –     The actuarial valuation of the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme reported a surplus of $94,000. It
           specified that no supplementary contributions were required in order to reach the plan funding objectives. During
           fiscal 2025, the Company contributed an amount of $367,000 to cover service costs; and
     –     The actuarial valuation of the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan reported a surplus of $19,547,000. It specified that
           no supplementary contributions were required in order to reach the plan funding objectives. Since November 30,
           2019, the Company did not contribute to the plan.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                     34
108 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notes to
      to the
         the Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements
For
 For the
      the years
          years ended
                ended September
                       September 30, 30, 2025
                                         2025 and
                                               and 2024
                                                   2024
(tabular
 (tabular amounts
           amounts only
                   only are
                        are in
                             in thousands
                                 thousands of
                                            of Canadian
                                               Canadian dollars,
                                                        dollars, except
                                                                 except per
                                                                        per share
                                                                            share data)
                                                                                  data)


17.
17. Employee
    Employee benefits
             benefits (continued)
                       (continued)

DEFINED
DEFINED BENEFIT
        BENEFIT PLANS
                PLANS (CONTINUED)
                       (CONTINUED)

France
France
In
 In France,
    France, the
             the retirement
                  retirement indemnities
                              indemnities are
                                           are provided
                                               provided in
                                                         in accordance
                                                             accordance with
                                                                         with the
                                                                               the Labour
                                                                                   Labour Code.
                                                                                             Code. Upon
                                                                                                     Upon retirement,
                                                                                                           retirement, employees
                                                                                                                       employees receive
                                                                                                                                  receive
an
 an indemnity,
     indemnity, depending
                depending on on the
                                 the salary
                                     salary and
                                            and seniority
                                                 seniority in
                                                            in the
                                                                the Company,
                                                                    Company,in
                                                                             in the
                                                                                 the form
                                                                                      form of
                                                                                           of aa lump-sum
                                                                                                  lump-sum payment.
                                                                                                            payment.

Germany
Germany
In
 In Germany,
     Germany, the
                the Company
                     Company has  has numerous
                                       numerous defined
                                                     defined benefit
                                                                 benefit pension
                                                                         pension plans
                                                                                    plans which
                                                                                            which are
                                                                                                    are all
                                                                                                        all closed
                                                                                                            closed to
                                                                                                                    to new
                                                                                                                        new employees.
                                                                                                                              employees. In    In the
                                                                                                                                                   the majority
                                                                                                                                                        majority
of
 of the
     the plans,
         plans, upon
                 upon retirement
                        retirement ofof employees,
                                        employees, the the benefits
                                                             benefits are
                                                                       are in
                                                                            in the
                                                                                the form
                                                                                     form of
                                                                                           of aa monthly
                                                                                                 monthly pension
                                                                                                            pension and
                                                                                                                     and inin aa few
                                                                                                                                  few plans,
                                                                                                                                        plans, the
                                                                                                                                                the
employees
 employees receive
               receive anan indemnity
                             indemnity inin the
                                             the form
                                                  form of
                                                        of aa lump-sum
                                                               lump-sum payment.
                                                                           payment. There
                                                                                        There areare no
                                                                                                     no mandatory
                                                                                                         mandatory funding
                                                                                                                       funding requirements.
                                                                                                                                  requirements. The  The plans
                                                                                                                                                          plans
are
 are funded
       funded by
               by the
                   the contributions
                       contributions made
                                        made by by the
                                                    the Company.
                                                        Company. In   In some
                                                                          some plans,
                                                                                  plans, insurance
                                                                                          insurance policies
                                                                                                       policies are
                                                                                                                 are taken
                                                                                                                      taken out
                                                                                                                              out toto fund
                                                                                                                                        fund retirement
                                                                                                                                              retirement
benefit
 benefit plans.
           plans. These
                  These do do not
                               not qualify
                                   qualify as
                                            as plan
                                                plan assets
                                                      assets and and are
                                                                     are presented
                                                                          presented as  as reimbursement
                                                                                            reimbursement rights,
                                                                                                               rights, unless
                                                                                                                        unless they
                                                                                                                                  they are
                                                                                                                                         are part
                                                                                                                                             part ofof aa
reinsured
 reinsured support
              support fund
                       fund oror are
                                 are pledged
                                     pledged to to the
                                                    the employees.
                                                        employees.
The
The following
     following tables
                tables present
                       present amounts
                               amounts for
                                        for post-employment
                                            post-employment benefits
                                                            benefits plans
                                                                     plans included
                                                                            included in
                                                                                      in the
                                                                                          the consolidated
                                                                                              consolidated balance
                                                                                                           balance sheets:
                                                                                                                   sheets:

As
Asat
   atSeptember
     September30,
               30,2025
                   2025                                                            U.K.
                                                                                   U.K.           France
                                                                                                  France         Germany
                                                                                                                 Germany              Other
                                                                                                                                      Other             Total
                                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                      $$                $$               $$                $$               $$
Defined
Definedbenefit
         benefitobligations
                obligations                                                  (555,956)
                                                                              (555,956)         (99,215)
                                                                                                 (99,215)         (77,086)
                                                                                                                   (77,086)       (119,014)
                                                                                                                                   (119,014)       (851,271)
                                                                                                                                                    (851,271)
Fair
Fairvalue
     valueof
           ofplan
             planassets
                  assets                                                      611,040
                                                                               611,040                —
                                                                                                      —            13,254
                                                                                                                    13,254           83,418
                                                                                                                                      83,418        707,712
                                                                                                                                                     707,712
                                                                                55,084
                                                                                55,084          (99,215)
                                                                                                 (99,215)         (63,832)
                                                                                                                   (63,832)         (35,596)
                                                                                                                                     (35,596)      (143,559)
                                                                                                                                                    (143,559)
Fair
Fairvalue
     valueof
           ofreimbursement
               reimbursementrights
                                rights                                              ——                —
                                                                                                      —            19,752
                                                                                                                    19,752              387
                                                                                                                                         387          20,139
                                                                                                                                                      20,139
Net
Netasset
     asset(liability)
           (liability)recognized
                       recognizedininthe
                                      thebalance
                                         balancesheet
                                                 sheet                          55,084
                                                                                55,084          (99,215)
                                                                                                 (99,215)         (44,080)
                                                                                                                   (44,080)         (35,209)
                                                                                                                                     (35,209)      (123,420)
                                                                                                                                                    (123,420)

Presented
Presentedas:
           as:
Other
 Otherlong-term
       long-termassets
                 assets(Note
                           (Note10)
                                 10)
 Insurance
  Insurancecontracts
            contractsheld
                       heldto tofund
                                 funddefined
                                     defined
  benefit
   benefitpension
          pensionand
                   andlife
                        lifeassurance
                             assurance
  arrangements
   arrangements--reimbursement
                   reimbursementrights
                                     rights                                         —
                                                                                    —                 —
                                                                                                      —            19,752
                                                                                                                    19,752             387
                                                                                                                                        387           20,139
                                                                                                                                                      20,139
Retirement
 Retirementbenefits
             benefitsassets
                      assets                                                   55,084
                                                                                55,084                —
                                                                                                      —                 —
                                                                                                                        —                72
                                                                                                                                         72           55,156
                                                                                                                                                      55,156
Retirement
 Retirementbenefits
             benefitsobligations
                      obligations                                                   —
                                                                                    —           (99,215)
                                                                                                 (99,215)         (63,832)
                                                                                                                   (63,832)        (35,668)
                                                                                                                                    (35,668)       (198,715)
                                                                                                                                                    (198,715)
                                                                               55,084
                                                                               55,084           (99,215)
                                                                                                 (99,215)         (44,080)
                                                                                                                   (44,080)        (35,209)
                                                                                                                                    (35,209)       (123,420)
                                                                                                                                                    (123,420)




As
Asat
   atSeptember
     September30,
               30,2024
                   2024                                                            U.K.
                                                                                   U.K.           France
                                                                                                  France         Germany
                                                                                                                 Germany              Other
                                                                                                                                      Other              Total
                                                                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                      $$                $$               $$                $$               $$
Defined
Definedbenefit
         benefitobligations
                obligations                                                  (620,308)
                                                                              (620,308)         (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (74,715)
                                                                                                                   (74,715)       (107,559)
                                                                                                                                   (107,559)       (897,948)
                                                                                                                                                    (897,948)
Fair
Fairvalue
     valueof
           ofplan
             planassets
                  assets                                                      642,538
                                                                               642,538                —
                                                                                                      —            12,599
                                                                                                                    12,599           74,891
                                                                                                                                      74,891        730,028
                                                                                                                                                     730,028
                                                                                22,230
                                                                                22,230          (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (62,116)
                                                                                                                   (62,116)         (32,668)
                                                                                                                                     (32,668)      (167,920)
                                                                                                                                                    (167,920)
Fair
Fairvalue
     valueof
           ofreimbursement
               reimbursementrights
                                rights                                              ——                —
                                                                                                      —            19,300
                                                                                                                    19,300              375
                                                                                                                                         375          19,675
                                                                                                                                                      19,675
Net
Netasset
     asset(liability)
           (liability)recognized
                       recognizedininthe
                                      thebalance
                                         balancesheet
                                                 sheet                          22,230
                                                                                22,230          (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (42,816)
                                                                                                                   (42,816)         (32,293)
                                                                                                                                     (32,293)      (148,245)
                                                                                                                                                    (148,245)

Presented
Presentedas:
           as:
Other
 Otherlong-term
       long-termassets
                 assets(Note
                           (Note10)
                                 10)
 Insurance
  Insurancecontracts
            contractsheld
                       heldto tofund
                                 funddefined
                                     defined
  benefit
   benefitpension
          pensionand
                   andlife
                        lifeassurance
                             assurance
  arrangements
   arrangements--reimbursement
                   reimbursementrights
                                     rights                                        ——                 —
                                                                                                      —            19,300
                                                                                                                    19,300             375
                                                                                                                                        375           19,675
                                                                                                                                                      19,675
Retirement
 Retirementbenefits
             benefitsassets
                      assets                                                   22,230
                                                                               22,230                 —
                                                                                                      —                 —
                                                                                                                        —              216
                                                                                                                                        216           22,446
                                                                                                                                                      22,446
Retirement
 Retirementbenefits
             benefitsobligations
                      obligations                                                  ——           (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (62,116)
                                                                                                                   (62,116)        (32,884)
                                                                                                                                    (32,884)       (190,366)
                                                                                                                                                    (190,366)
                                                                               22,230
                                                                               22,230           (95,366)
                                                                                                 (95,366)         (42,816)
                                                                                                                   (42,816)        (32,293)
                                                                                                                                    (32,293)       (148,245)
                                                                                                                                                    (148,245)




CGI
CGIInc.
    Inc.––Consolidated
          ConsolidatedFinancial
                       FinancialStatements
                                Statementsfor
                                           forthe
                                               theyears
                                                   yearsended
                                                         endedSeptember
                                                              September30,
                                                                        30,2025
                                                                            2025and
                                                                                 and2024
                                                                                     2024                                                                    35
                                                                                                                                                              35
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 109

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

    Defined benefit obligations                                              U.K.              France   Germany           Other        Total
                                                                                $                  $          $               $           $
    As at September 30, 2024                                            620,308            95,366        74,715        107,559      897,948
     Current service cost                                                   336             7,402           376          8,176       16,290
     Interest cost                                                       30,485             3,234         2,473          4,989       41,181
     Past service cost                                                       —                 —             —           2,521        2,521
     Business acquisitions (Note 27)                                          —                7,860         —               —        7,860
     Actuarial gains due to change in financial
      assumptions1                                                      (61,738)          (12,876)       (2,563)         (2,805)    (79,982)
     Actuarial (gains) losses due to change in
      demographic assumptions1                                          (10,673)             (958)           —              11      (11,620)
     Actuarial (gains) losses due to experience1                        (10,443)           (6,719)         (125)            62      (17,225)
     Plan participant contributions                                          57                —             —             164          221
     Benefits paid from the plan                                        (32,269)               —           (156)        (3,819)     (36,244)
     Benefits paid directly by employer                                      —             (2,793)       (4,069)          (909)      (7,771)
     Foreign currency translation adjustment1                            19,893             8,699         6,435          3,065       38,092
    As at September 30, 2025                                            555,956            99,215        77,086        119,014      851,271
     Defined benefit obligations of unfunded
      plans                                                                  —             99,215            —          22,007      121,222
     Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                        555,956                —         77,086         97,007      730,049
    As at September 30, 2025                                            555,956            99,215        77,086        119,014      851,271




    Defined benefit obligations                                              U.K.              France   Germany           Other        Total
                                                                                $                  $          $               $           $
    As at September 30, 2023                                            535,633            78,612        67,706         92,703      774,654
    Current service cost                                                    946             6,114           373          6,732       14,165
    Interest cost                                                        30,561             3,378         2,738          5,009       41,686
     Actuarial losses due to change in
      financial assumptions1                                             29,444            10,088         4,948          3,405       47,885
     Actuarial losses due to change in
      demographic assumptions1                                               —                111            —             338          449
     Actuarial (gains) losses due to experience1                         (1,222)           (5,100)         (787)           794       (6,315)
     Plan participant contributions                                          86                —             —             162          248
     Benefits paid from the plan                                        (27,712)               —           (503)        (3,536)     (31,751)
     Benefits paid directly by employer                                      —             (2,033)       (3,192)          (496)      (5,721)
     Foreign currency translation adjustment1                            52,572             4,196         3,432          2,448       62,648
    As at September 30, 2024                                            620,308            95,366        74,715        107,559      897,948
     Defined benefit obligations of unfunded
      plans                                                                  —             95,366            —          21,600      116,966
    Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                         620,308                —         74,715         85,959      780,982
    As at September 30, 2024                                            620,308            95,366        74,715        107,559      897,948
1     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                              36
110 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                                     U.K.              France   Germany     Other       Total
                                                                                $                  $          $         $          $
    As at September 30, 2024                                            642,538                —         31,899    75,266    749,703
    Interest income on plan assets                                       31,518                —          1,090     4,352     36,960
    Employer contributions                                                  358             2,793         4,545     8,771     16,467
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                         (48,857)               —         (2,975)     (636)   (52,468)
    Plan participant contributions                                           57                —             —        119        176
    Benefits paid from the plan                                         (32,269)               —           (156)   (3,819)   (36,244)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                       —             (2,793)       (4,069)     (909)    (7,771)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                           (3,432)               —             —         —      (3,432)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                             21,127                —          2,672       661     24,460
    As at September 30, 2025                                            611,040                —         33,006    83,805    727,851
    Plan assets                                                         611,040                —         13,254    83,418    707,712
    Reimbursement rights                                                     —                 —         19,752       387     20,139
    As at September 30, 2025                                            611,040                —         33,006    83,805    727,851




    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                                     U.K.              France   Germany     Other       Total
                                                                                $                  $          $         $          $
    As at September 30, 2023                                            536,226                —         30,829    64,514    631,569
    Interest income on plan assets                                       30,573                —          1,300     3,712     35,585
    Employer contributions                                                  426             2,033         2,804     7,714     12,977
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                          50,973                —           (906)    1,579     51,646
    Plan participant contributions                                           86                —             —        162        248
    Benefits paid from the plan                                         (27,712)               —           (503)   (3,536)   (31,751)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                       —             (2,033)       (3,192)     (496)    (5,721)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                           (1,462)               —             —         —      (1,462)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                             53,428                —          1,567     1,617     56,612
    As at September 30, 2024                                            642,538                —         31,899    75,266    749,703
    Plan assets                                                         642,538                —         12,599    74,891    730,028
    Reimbursement rights                                                     —                 —         19,300       375     19,675
    As at September 30, 2024                                            642,538                —         31,899    75,266    749,703
1    Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                       37
                                                                                                                             FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 111

Notes
Notes to
      to the
         the Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements
For
 For the
      the years
          years ended
                ended September
                       September 30, 30, 2025
                                         2025 and
                                               and 2024
                                                   2024
(tabular
 (tabular amounts
           amounts only
                   only are
                        are in
                             in thousands
                                 thousands of
                                            of Canadian
                                               Canadian dollars,
                                                        dollars, except
                                                                 except per
                                                                        per share
                                                                            share data)
                                                                                  data)


17.
17. Employee
    Employee benefits
             benefits (continued)
                       (continued)

DEFINED
DEFINED BENEFIT
        BENEFIT PLANS
                PLANS (CONTINUED)
                       (CONTINUED)
The
The plan
    plan assets
         assets at
                at the
                    the end
                        end of
                            of the
                                the years
                                    years consist
                                          consist of:
                                                  of:

 As
 Asat
    atSeptember
      September30,
                30,2025
                    2025                                                                   U.K.
                                                                                           U.K.              Germany
                                                                                                             Germany                   Other
                                                                                                                                       Other                   Total
                                                                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                              $$                     $$                     $$                     $$
 Quoted
 Quotedequities
         equities                                                                     196,682
                                                                                      196,682                     ——                     ——                  196,682
                                                                                                                                                             196,682
 Quoted
 Quotedbonds
         bonds                                                                        159,475
                                                                                      159,475                     ——                     ——                  159,475
                                                                                                                                                             159,475
 Cash
 Cash                                                                                  22,811
                                                                                       22,811                     ——                     66
                                                                                                                                         66                   22,877
                                                                                                                                                              22,877
 Other
 Other11                                                                              232,072
                                                                                      232,072                 13,254
                                                                                                              13,254                 83,352
                                                                                                                                     83,352                  328,678
                                                                                                                                                             328,678
                                                                                      611,040
                                                                                      611,040                 13,254
                                                                                                              13,254                 83,418
                                                                                                                                     83,418                  707,712
                                                                                                                                                             707,712




 As
 Asat
    atSeptember
      September30,
                30,2024
                    2024                                                                   U.K.
                                                                                           U.K.              Germany
                                                                                                             Germany                   Other
                                                                                                                                       Other                    Total
                                                                                                                                                                 Total
                                                                                              $$                     $$                     $$                     $$
 Quoted
 Quotedequities
         equities                                                                     260,103
                                                                                      260,103                     ——                     ——                  260,103
                                                                                                                                                             260,103
 Quoted
 Quotedbonds
         bonds                                                                        158,739
                                                                                      158,739                     ——                     ——                  158,739
                                                                                                                                                             158,739
 Cash
 Cash                                                                                   3,123
                                                                                        3,123                     ——                     68
                                                                                                                                         68                    3,191
                                                                                                                                                               3,191
 Other
 Other11                                                                              220,573
                                                                                      220,573                 12,599
                                                                                                              12,599                 74,823
                                                                                                                                     74,823                  307,995
                                                                                                                                                             307,995
                                                                                      642,538
                                                                                      642,538                 12,599
                                                                                                              12,599                 74,891
                                                                                                                                     74,891                  730,028
                                                                                                                                                             730,028

11   Other
     Otherisismainly
              mainlycomposed
                     composedof
                              ofquoted
                                 quotedinvestment
                                        investmentfunds
                                                   fundsand
                                                         andvarious
                                                             variousinsurance
                                                                     insurancepolicies
                                                                               policiesto
                                                                                        tocover
                                                                                           coversome
                                                                                                 someof
                                                                                                      ofthe
                                                                                                         thedefined
                                                                                                             definedbenefit
                                                                                                                     benefitobligations.
                                                                                                                             obligations.


Plan
Plan assets
     assets do
            do not
               not include
                    include any
                            any shares
                                shares of
                                       of the
                                           the Company,
                                               Company, property
                                                        property occupied
                                                                 occupied by
                                                                          by the
                                                                              the Company
                                                                                  Company or
                                                                                          or any
                                                                                             any other
                                                                                                 other assets
                                                                                                       assets used
                                                                                                              used by
                                                                                                                   by the
                                                                                                                       the
Company.
Company.
The
The following
     following table
                table summarizes
                      summarizes the  expense11 recognized
                                  the expense    recognized in
                                                             in the
                                                                 the consolidated
                                                                     consolidated statements
                                                                                  statements of
                                                                                             of earnings:
                                                                                                earnings:

                                                                                                                                         Year
                                                                                                                                         Yearended
                                                                                                                                              endedSeptember
                                                                                                                                                   September30
                                                                                                                                                             30
                                                                                                                                         2025
                                                                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                                 2024
                                                                                                                                             $$                     $$
 Current
 Currentservice
          servicecost
                  cost                                                                                                                16,290
                                                                                                                                      16,290                  14,165
                                                                                                                                                              14,165
 Past
 Pastservice
       servicecost
               cost                                                                                                                    2,521
                                                                                                                                       2,521                      ——
 Net
 Netinterest
      intereston
              onnet
                 netdefined
                     definedbenefit
                            benefitobligations
                                    obligationsor
                                               orassets
                                                  assets                                                                               4,221
                                                                                                                                       4,221                   6,101
                                                                                                                                                               6,101
 Administration
 Administrationexpenses
                 expenses                                                                                                              3,432
                                                                                                                                       3,432                   1,462
                                                                                                                                                               1,462
                                                                                                                                      26,464
                                                                                                                                      26,464                  21,728
                                                                                                                                                              21,728

11   The
     Theexpense
          expensewas
                   waspresented
                       presentedasascosts
                                     costsof
                                           ofservices,
                                              services,selling
                                                        sellingand
                                                                andadministrative  foran
                                                                    administrativefor  anamount
                                                                                          amountof
                                                                                                 of$18,811,000
                                                                                                    $18,811,000and
                                                                                                                andasasnet
                                                                                                                        netfinance
                                                                                                                            financecosts
                                                                                                                                    costsfor
                                                                                                                                          foran
                                                                                                                                              anamount
                                                                                                                                                 amountof
                                                                                                                                                        of
         $7,653,000
          $7,653,000(Note
                     (Note26)
                           26)($14,165,000
                               ($14,165,000and
                                             and$7,563,000,
                                                  $7,563,000,respectively
                                                               respectivelyfor
                                                                            forthe
                                                                                theyear
                                                                                    yearended
                                                                                         endedSeptember
                                                                                              September30,30,2024).
                                                                                                              2024).




CGI
CGIInc.
    Inc.––Consolidated
          ConsolidatedFinancial
                       FinancialStatements
                                Statementsfor
                                           forthe
                                               theyears
                                                   yearsended
                                                         endedSeptember
                                                              September30,
                                                                        30,2025
                                                                            2025and
                                                                                 and2024
                                                                                     2024                                                                          38
                                                                                                                                                                    38
112 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

Actuarial assumptions
The following are the principal actuarial assumptions calculated as weighted averages of the defined benefit obligations. The
assumed discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality all have a significant effect on the
accounting valuation.

As at September 30, 2025                                                                        U.K    France   Germany                 Other
                                                                                                 %         %            %                  %
 Discount rate                                                                                 5.76     3.70       3.70                  5.09
 Future salary increases                                                                       0.31     2.75       2.50                  2.30
 Future pension increases                                                                      2.85       —        2.10                  0.29
 Inflation rate                                                                                3.06     2.00       2.00                  3.49


As at September 30, 2024                                                                        U.K.   France   Germany                  Other
                                                                                                 %         %            %                  %
 Discount rate                                                                                 5.00     3.33       3.33                  5.06
 Future salary increases                                                                       0.31     4.10       2.50                  2.74
 Future pension increases                                                                      3.01       —        2.10                  0.31
 Inflation rate                                                                                3.15     2.00       2.00                  3.44



The average longevity over 65 of an employee presently at age 45 and 65 are as follows:

As at September 30, 2025                                                                                         U.K.                 Germany
                                                                                                                         (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current employees
   Males                                                                                                        21.4                     21.0
   Females                                                                                                      23.6                     24.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current employees
   Males                                                                                                        22.7                     24.0
   Females                                                                                                      25.1                     27.0

As at September 30, 2024                                                                                         U.K.                 Germany
                                                                                                                        (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current employees
   Males                                                                                                        22.1                     21.0
   Females                                                                                                      23.9                     24.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current employees
   Males                                                                                                        23.5                     24.0
   Females                                                                                                      25.4                     27.0




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                               39
                                                                                                                                FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 113

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For
For the
     the years
         years ended
               ended September
                      September 30, 30, 2025
                                        2025 and
                                              and 2024
                                                  2024
(tabular
(tabular amounts
          amounts only
                  only are
                       are in
                            in thousands
                                thousands of
                                           of Canadian
                                              Canadian dollars,
                                                       dollars, except
                                                                except per
                                                                       per share
                                                                           share data)
                                                                                 data)


17.
17. Employee
    Employee benefits
             benefits (continued)
                      (continued)

DEFINED
DEFINED BENEFIT
        BENEFIT PLANS
                PLANS (CONTINUED)
                      (CONTINUED)

Actuarial
Actuarial assumptions
          assumptions (continued)
                      (continued)
Assumptions
Assumptions regarding
                 regarding future
                              future mortality
                                       mortality are
                                                  are set
                                                       set based
                                                           based on  on actuarial
                                                                          actuarial advice
                                                                                       advice inin accordance
                                                                                                   accordance withwith published
                                                                                                                         published statistics
                                                                                                                                       statistics and
                                                                                                                                                   and
experience
experience in in each
                  each country.
                          country. Mortality
                                    Mortality assumptions
                                               assumptions for   for the
                                                                      the most
                                                                            most significant
                                                                                    significant countries
                                                                                                 countries are
                                                                                                             are based
                                                                                                                  based on on the
                                                                                                                               the following
                                                                                                                                     following post-retirement
                                                                                                                                                 post-retirement
mortality
mortality tables
           tables for
                    for the
                         the year
                             year ended
                                    ended September
                                            September 30,  30, 2025:
                                                                2025: (1)(1) U.K.:
                                                                               U.K.: CMG
                                                                                       CMG U.K.U.K. Pension
                                                                                                    Pension Scheme:
                                                                                                               Scheme: 94% 94% of  of the
                                                                                                                                       the mortality
                                                                                                                                            mortality rates
                                                                                                                                                        rates in
                                                                                                                                                               in the
                                                                                                                                                                   the
S4PA
S4PA tables
        tables for
                for males
                     males and
                             and S4PA
                                   S4PA Middle
                                         Middle tables
                                                    tables for
                                                            for females;
                                                                 females; Logica
                                                                               Logica U.K.
                                                                                        U.K. Pension
                                                                                               Pension &  & Life
                                                                                                            Life Assurance
                                                                                                                 Assurance Scheme:
                                                                                                                                Scheme: 102% 102% of  of the
                                                                                                                                                          the
mortality
mortality rates
           rates inin the
                       the S4PA
                           S4PA tables
                                   tables for
                                           for males
                                               males andand 100%
                                                             100% of   of the
                                                                           the mortality
                                                                                 mortality rates
                                                                                            rates in
                                                                                                   in the
                                                                                                       the S4PA
                                                                                                           S4PA Middle
                                                                                                                  Middle tables
                                                                                                                            tables forfor females;
                                                                                                                                           females; Logica
                                                                                                                                                      Logica
Defined
Defined Benefit
           Benefit Pension
                     Pension Plan:
                                 Plan: 100%
                                       100% of of the
                                                   the mortality
                                                       mortality rates
                                                                   rates in  in the
                                                                                 the S4PA
                                                                                     S4PA tables
                                                                                             tables for
                                                                                                      for males
                                                                                                          males and
                                                                                                                 and S4PA
                                                                                                                       S4PA Middle
                                                                                                                               Middle tables
                                                                                                                                          tables for
                                                                                                                                                  for females.
                                                                                                                                                       females.
For
For all
    all three
         three U.K.
               U.K. plans,
                        plans, the
                                the allowance
                                    allowance forfor future
                                                      future mortality
                                                              mortality improvements
                                                                            improvements has    has been
                                                                                                     been updated
                                                                                                            updated to to be
                                                                                                                          be in
                                                                                                                              in line
                                                                                                                                  line with
                                                                                                                                        with the
                                                                                                                                              the CMI
                                                                                                                                                   CMI 2023
                                                                                                                                                         2023
projections
projections model,
              model, withwith core
                              core parameters
                                     parameters and and aa long-term
                                                            long-term improvement
                                                                           improvement rate   rate of
                                                                                                   of 1.25%
                                                                                                       1.25% p.a.,
                                                                                                               p.a., (2)
                                                                                                                     (2) Germany:
                                                                                                                          Germany: Heubeck
                                                                                                                                         Heubeck RT2018G
                                                                                                                                                    RT2018G
and
and (3)
     (3) France:
          France: INSEE
                     INSEE 2019-2021.
                              2019-2021.

The
The following
     following tables
                tables show
                       show the
                             the sensitivity
                                 sensitivity of
                                             of the
                                                 the defined
                                                     defined benefit
                                                             benefit obligations
                                                                     obligations to
                                                                                  to changes
                                                                                     changes in
                                                                                              in the
                                                                                                  the principal
                                                                                                      principal actuarial
                                                                                                                actuarial assumptions:
                                                                                                                          assumptions:

As
As at
   at September
      September 30,
                30, 2025
                    2025                                                                                               U.K.
                                                                                                                       U.K.             France
                                                                                                                                        France                 Germany
                                                                                                                                                               Germany
                                                                                                                           $$                    $$                        $$
 Increase
  Increase of
           of 0.25%
              0.25% in
                     in the
                         the discount
                             discount rate
                                       rate                                                                        (15,218)
                                                                                                                    (15,218)            (2,819)
                                                                                                                                         (2,819)                    (1,725)
                                                                                                                                                                     (1,725)
 Decrease
  Decrease of of 0.25%
                 0.25% in in the
                              the discount
                                     discount rate
                                               rate                                                                 15,941
                                                                                                                     15,941              2,937
                                                                                                                                          2,937                      1,795
                                                                                                                                                                      1,795
 Salary
  Salary increase
          increase ofof 0.25%
                        0.25%                                                                                             88
                                                                                                                           88            3,040
                                                                                                                                          3,040                           20
                                                                                                                                                                           20
 Salary
  Salary decrease
          decrease of of 0.25%
                         0.25%                                                                                           (88)
                                                                                                                          (88)          (2,929)
                                                                                                                                         (2,929)                         (18)
                                                                                                                                                                          (18)
 Pension
  Pension increase
            increase ofof 0.25%
                           0.25%                                                                                      9,573
                                                                                                                       9,573                  —
                                                                                                                                              —                         924
                                                                                                                                                                         924
 Pension
  Pension decrease
            decrease of of 0.25%
                            0.25%                                                                                    (8,329)
                                                                                                                      (8,329)                 —
                                                                                                                                              —                        (893)
                                                                                                                                                                        (893)
 Increase
  Increase ofof 0.25%
                0.25% in in inflation
                             inflation rate
                                         rate                                                                       10,803
                                                                                                                     10,803              3,040
                                                                                                                                          3,040                         924
                                                                                                                                                                         924
 Decrease
  Decrease of of 0.25%
                 0.25% in  in inflation
                               inflation rate
                                          rate                                                                     (10,577)
                                                                                                                    (10,577)            (2,929)
                                                                                                                                         (2,929)                       (893)
                                                                                                                                                                        (893)
 Increase
  Increase ofof one
                one year
                     year inin life
                                life expectancy
                                      expectancy                                                                    13,356
                                                                                                                     13,356                 686
                                                                                                                                             686                     2,044
                                                                                                                                                                      2,044
 Decrease
  Decrease of of one
                 one year
                      year in in life
                                  life expectancy
                                       expectancy                                                                  (13,750)
                                                                                                                    (13,750)               (733)
                                                                                                                                            (733)                   (1,828)
                                                                                                                                                                     (1,828)

As
As at
   at September
      September 30,
                30, 2024
                    2024                                                                                                U.K.
                                                                                                                        U.K.             France
                                                                                                                                         France                Germany
                                                                                                                                                               Germany
                                                                                                                           $$                    $$                        $$
 Increase
  Increase of
           of 0.25%
              0.25% in
                     in the
                         the discount
                             discount rate
                                       rate                                                                        (18,334)
                                                                                                                    (18,334)            (2,927)
                                                                                                                                         (2,927)                    (1,796)
                                                                                                                                                                     (1,796)
 Decrease
  Decrease of
            of 0.25%
               0.25% in
                      in the
                          the discount
                              discount rate
                                        rate                                                                        19,263
                                                                                                                     19,263              3,056
                                                                                                                                          3,056                      1,874
                                                                                                                                                                      1,874
 Salary
  Salary increase
          increase ofof 0.25%
                        0.25%                                                                                            181
                                                                                                                          181            3,151
                                                                                                                                          3,151                           23
                                                                                                                                                                           23
 Salary
  Salary decrease
          decrease of of 0.25%
                         0.25%                                                                                          (179)
                                                                                                                         (179)          (3,029)
                                                                                                                                         (3,029)                         (21)
                                                                                                                                                                          (21)
 Pension
  Pension increase
            increase ofof 0.25%
                           0.25%                                                                                    10,675
                                                                                                                     10,675                   —
                                                                                                                                              —                         948
                                                                                                                                                                         948
 Pension
  Pension decrease
            decrease of of 0.25%
                            0.25%                                                                                    (9,287)
                                                                                                                      (9,287)                 —
                                                                                                                                              —                        (913)
                                                                                                                                                                        (913)
 Increase
  Increase ofof 0.25%
                0.25% inin inflation
                            inflation rate
                                         rate                                                                       12,047
                                                                                                                     12,047              3,151
                                                                                                                                          3,151                         948
                                                                                                                                                                         948
 Decrease
  Decrease of of 0.25%
                 0.25% in in inflation
                              inflation rate
                                          rate                                                                     (11,798)
                                                                                                                    (11,798)            (3,029)
                                                                                                                                         (3,029)                       (913)
                                                                                                                                                                        (913)
 Increase
  Increase ofof one
                one year
                     year inin life
                                life expectancy
                                      expectancy                                                                    15,309
                                                                                                                     15,309                 664
                                                                                                                                             664                     2,025
                                                                                                                                                                      2,025
 Decrease
  Decrease of of one
                 one year
                      year in in life
                                  life expectancy
                                       expectancy                                                                  (15,478)
                                                                                                                    (15,478)               (710)
                                                                                                                                            (710)                   (1,809)
                                                                                                                                                                     (1,809)

The
 The sensitivity
      sensitivity analysis
                  analysis above
                           above has
                                 has been
                                       been based
                                            based on
                                                  on aa method
                                                        method that
                                                                that extrapolates
                                                                      extrapolates the
                                                                                    the impact
                                                                                         impact on
                                                                                                on the
                                                                                                    the defined
                                                                                                        defined benefit
                                                                                                                benefit obligations
                                                                                                                        obligations as
                                                                                                                                    as
aa result
   result of
          of reasonable
             reasonable changes
                          changes in
                                   in key
                                      key assumptions
                                          assumptions occurring
                                                       occurring at
                                                                 at the
                                                                     the end
                                                                         end of
                                                                             of the
                                                                                 the year.
                                                                                     year.
The
The remaining
    remaining weighted
              weighted average
                       average duration
                               duration of
                                        of the
                                            the defined
                                                defined benefit
                                                        benefit obligations
                                                                obligations are
                                                                            are as
                                                                                as follows:
                                                                                    follows:

                                                                                                                                        Year
                                                                                                                                        Year ended
                                                                                                                                             ended September
                                                                                                                                                   September 30
                                                                                                                                                             30
                                                                                                                                         2025
                                                                                                                                         2025                          2024
                                                                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                                                                                      (in
                                                                                                                                                       (in years)
                                                                                                                                                           years)
 U.K.
 U.K.                                                                                                                                      12
                                                                                                                                           12                             13
                                                                                                                                                                          13
 France
 France                                                                                                                                    16
                                                                                                                                           16                             17
                                                                                                                                                                          17
 Germany
 Germany                                                                                                                                    99                            10
                                                                                                                                                                          10
 Other
 Other                                                                                                                                      99                             99




CGI
CGI Inc.
     Inc. –– Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements for
                                                for the
                                                     the years
                                                         years ended
                                                               ended September
                                                                     September 30,
                                                                               30, 2025
                                                                                   2025 and
                                                                                        and 2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                          40
                                                                                                                                                                          40
114 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The Company expects to contribute $9,525,000 to defined benefit plans during the next year, of which $433,000 relates to the
U.K. plans, and $9,092,000 relates to the other plans.

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
The Company also operates defined contribution pension plans. In some countries, contributions are made into the state
pension plans. The pension cost for defined contribution plans amounted to $324,486,000 in 2025 ($296,470,000 in 2024).
In addition, in Sweden, the Company contributes to a multi-employer plan, Alecta SE (Alecta) pension plan, which is a defined
benefit pension plan. This pension plan is classified as a defined contribution plan as sufficient information is not available to
use defined benefit accounting. Alecta lacks the possibility of establishing an exact distribution of assets and provisions to the
respective employers. The Company’s proportion of the total contributions to the plan is 0.63% and the Company’s proportion
of the total number of active employees in the plan is 0.46%.
Alecta uses a collective funding ratio to determine the surplus or deficit in the pension plan. Any surplus or deficit in the plan
will affect the amount of future contributions payable. The collective funding is the difference between Alecta’s assets and the
commitments to the policy holders and insured individuals. The collective funding ratio is normally allowed to vary between
125% and 170%. As at September 30, 2025, Alecta collective funding ratio was 167% (163% in 2024). The plan expense was
$26,589,000 in 2025 ($23,422,000 in 2024).

OTHER BENEFIT PLANS
As at September 30, 2025, the deferred compensation liability totaled $139,317,000 ($124,447,000 as at September 30, 2024)
(Note 15) and the deferred compensation assets totaled $125,388,000 ($112,270,000 as at September 30, 2024) (Note 11).
The deferred compensation liability is mainly related to plans covering some of its U.S. management. Some of the plans
include assets that will be used to fund the liabilities.
For the deferred compensation plan in the U.S., a trust was established so that the plan assets could be segregated; however,
the assets are subject to the Company’s general creditors in the case of bankruptcy. The assets composed of investments vary
with employees’ contributions and changes in the value of the investments. The change in liabilities associated with the plan is
equal to the change of the assets. The assets in the trust and the associated liabilities totaled $125,388,000 as at
September 30, 2025 ($112,270,000 as at September 30, 2024).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                     41
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 115

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


18. Accumulated other comprehensive income


                                                                                                               As at                 As at
                                                                                                  September 30, 2025   September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                  $                     $
 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
   Net unrealized gains on translating financial statements of foreign operations, net of
    accumulated income tax expense of $59,141 ($44,210 as at September 30, 2024)                         1,588,980               896,259
   Net losses on cross-currency swaps and on translating long-term debt designated as hedges of
    net investments in foreign operations, net of accumulated income tax recovery of $46,173
    ($48,921 as at September 30, 2024)                                                                     (542,309)            (388,957)
   Deferred gains of hedging on cross-currency swaps, net of accumulated income tax expense of
    $2,538 ($2,907 as at September 30, 2024)                                                                 17,130               19,031
   Net unrealized losses on cash flow hedges, net of accumulated income tax recovery of $10,042
    ($1,421 as at September 30, 2024)                                                                       (34,359)              (6,930)
    Net unrealized gains on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,
     net of accumulated income tax expense of $1,361 ($707 as at September 30, 2024)                          4,328                2,447
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
   Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans, net of accumulated income tax recovery
    of $11,755 ($24,817 as at September 30, 2024)                                                          (31,426)              (70,597)
                                                                                                         1,002,344               451,253

For the year ended September 30, 2025, $4,594,000 of the net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net of income tax
expense of $1,627,000, previously recognized in other comprehensive income were reclassified in the consolidated
statements of earnings ($10,872,000, net of income tax expense of $3,814,000, were reclassified for the year ended
September 30, 2024).
For the year ended September 30, 2025, $12,169,000 of the deferred gains of hedging on cross-currency swaps, net of
income tax expense of $1,859,000, were also reclassified in the consolidated statements of earnings ($12,562,000, net of
income tax expense of $1,919,000, were reclassified for the year ended September 30, 2024).



19. Capital stock

The Company's authorized share capital is comprised of an unlimited number, all without par value, of:
     –     First preferred shares, issuable in series, carrying one vote per share, each series ranking equal with other series, but
           prior to second preferred shares, Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple voting) with respect
           to the payment of dividends;
     –     Second preferred shares, issuable in series, non-voting, each series ranking equal with other series, but prior to
           Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple voting) with respect to the payment of dividends;
     –     Class A subordinate voting shares, carrying one vote per share, participating equally with Class B shares (multiple
           voting) with respect to the payment of dividends and convertible into Class B shares (multiple voting) under certain
           conditions in the event of certain takeover bids on Class B shares (multiple voting); and
     –     Class B shares (multiple voting), carrying ten votes per share, participating equally with Class A subordinate voting
           shares with respect to the payment of dividends and convertible at any time at the option of the holder into Class A
           subordinate voting shares.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                            42
116 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19. Capital stock (continued)

For the fiscal years 2025 and 2024, the number of issued and outstanding Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B
shares (multiple voting) varied as follows:


                                                Class A subordinate voting shares     Class B shares (multiple voting)                           Total
                                                          Number    Carrying value             Number   Carrying value       Number     Carrying value
                                                                                  $                                 $                               $
As at September 30, 2023                            206,714,497         1,440,286       26,445,706            36,894     233,160,203       1,477,180
Release of Class A subordinate voting
   shares held in trusts                                     —             14,078               —                 —               —           14,078
Purchased and held in trusts                                 —            (66,847)              —                 —               —          (66,847)
Issued upon exercise of stock options                 1,333,876            91,800               —                 —        1,333,876          91,800
Purchased and cancelled                              (6,597,158)          (45,878)              —                 —       (6,597,158)        (45,878)
Conversion of shares                                  2,322,948             3,241       (2,322,948)           (3,241)             —               —
As at September 30, 2024                            203,774,163         1,436,680       24,122,758            33,653     227,896,921       1,470,333
Release of Class A subordinate voting
   shares held in trusts                                     —             46,050               —                 —               —           46,050
Purchased and held in trusts                                 —            (13,323)              —                 —               —          (13,323)
Issued upon exercise of stock options                   947,071            74,319               —                 —          947,071          74,319
Purchased and cancelled                              (8,781,243)          (77,462)              —                 —       (8,781,243)        (77,462)
As at September 30, 2025                            195,939,991         1,466,264       24,122,758            33,653     220,062,749       1,499,917


a)      Performance shares units and shares held in trusts
During the year ended September 30, 2025, 438,458 shares held in trust were released (171,751 during the year ended
September 30, 2024) with a recorded value of $46,050,000 ($14,078,000 during the year ended September 30, 2024) that was
removed from contributed surplus.
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company settled the withholding tax obligations on behalf of the employees
under the Share Unit Plan for a cash payment of $52,888,000 ($15,407,000 during the year ended September 30, 2024).
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the trustees, in accordance with the terms of the Share Unit Plan and Trust
Agreements, purchased 84,456 Class A subordinate voting shares of the Company on the open market (463,364 during the
year ended September 30, 2024) for a total cash consideration of $13,323,000 ($66,847,000 during the year ended
September 30, 2024).
As at September 30, 2025, 2,247,354 Class A subordinate voting shares were held in trusts under the Share Unit Plan
(2,601,356 as at September 30, 2024).

b)      Exercises of stock options
The carrying value of Class A subordinate voting shares includes $12,330,000 which corresponds to a reduction in contributed
surplus representing the value of accumulated compensation costs associated with the stock options exercised during the year
ended September 30, 2025 ($15,265,000 during the year ended September 30, 2024).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                        43
                                                                                               FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 117

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19. Capital stock (continued)

c)      Shares purchased and cancelled
On January 28, 2025, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received regulatory approval from the
Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) for the renewal of its Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which allows for the purchase for
cancellation of up to 20,196,413 Class A subordinate voting shares on the open market through the TSX, the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE) and/or alternative trading systems or otherwise pursuant to exemption orders issued by securities
regulators. The Class A subordinate voting shares were available for purchase for cancellation commencing on
February 6, 2025, until no later than February 5, 2026, or on such earlier date when the Company has either acquired the
maximum number of Class A subordinate voting shares allowable under the NCIB or elects to terminate the bid.
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company purchased for cancellation 8,861,543 Class A subordinate voting
shares (1,965,800 during the year ended September 30, 2024) under its previous and current NCIB for a total cash
consideration of $1,258,466,000 ($275,218,000 during the year ended September 30, 2024) and the excess of the purchase
price over the carrying value in the amount of $1,181,004,000 ($258,883,000 during the year ended September 30, 2024) was
charged to retained earnings.
Of the purchased Class A subordinate voting shares, 80,300 shares with a carrying value of $708,000 and a purchase value of
$9,935,000 were held by the Company and were neither paid nor cancelled as at September 30, 2025. During the year ended
September 30, 2024, the Company paid for and cancelled 68,550 Class A subordinate voting shares under its previous NCIB,
with a carrying value of $558,000 and for a total cash consideration of $9,177,000, which were purchased but were neither
paid nor cancelled as at September 30, 2023.
On February 23, 2024, the Company entered into a private agreement with the then Founder and Executive Chairman of the
Board of the Company, as well as a wholly-owned holding company, to purchase for cancellation 1,674,930 Class A
subordinate voting shares under its previous NCIB for a total cash consideration of $250,000,000, excluding transaction costs
of $370,000. The excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $244,821,000 was charged to retained
earnings. The 1,674,930 Class A subordinate voting shares purchased for cancellation on February 23, 2024, included
1,266,366 Class B shares (multiple voting) converted into Class A subordinate voting shares on February 23, 2024, by a
holding company wholly-owned by the then Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company. The repurchase
transaction was reviewed and recommended for approval by an independent committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company following the receipt of an external opinion regarding the reasonableness of the financial terms of the transaction,
and ultimately approved by the Board of Directors. The purchase was made pursuant to an exemption order issued by the
Autorité des marchés financiers and is considered within the annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to purchase
under its previous NCIB.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased for cancellation 2,887,878 Class A subordinate voting
shares under its previous NCIB from the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDPQ) for a total cash consideration of
$400,000,000. The excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $375,636,000 was charged to
retained earnings. The purchase was made pursuant to an exemption order issued by the Autorité des marchés financiers and
is considered within the annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to purchase under its previous NCIB.
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company recorded $22,218,000 related to a 2.0% tax on the value of Class A
subordinate voting shares repurchased, net of the value of new equity issued through stock options exercised, as part of
accrued liabilities and with a corresponding reduction in retained earnings ($13,565,000 during the year ended September 30,
2024). In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company paid $25,999,000 in relation to such tax (nil
during the year ended September 30, 2024).
d)      Conversion of shares
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the then Co-Founder and Advisor to the Executive Chairman of the Board of the
Company converted a total of 900,000 Class B shares (multiple voting) into 900,000 Class A subordinate voting shares.
In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2024, a holding company wholly-owned by the then Founder and Executive
Chairman of the Board of the Company converted a total of 1,422,948 Class B shares (multiple voting) into 1,422,948 Class A
subordinate voting shares.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                               44
118 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19. Capital stock (continued)
e)       Dividends
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company declared and paid the following quarterly cash dividends to holders
of Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple voting):
                                                                                                  2025                        2024
Dividend Payment Month                                Dividend per Share                         Value   Dividend per Share   Value
December                                                            0.15                        34,133                   —       —
March                                                               0.15                        34,057                   —       —
June                                                                0.15                        33,580                   —       —
September                                                           0.15                        33,282                   —       —
                                                                                               135,052                           —

On November 4, 2025, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend for holders of Class A
subordinate voting shares and Class B shares (multiple voting) of $0.17 per share. This dividend is payable on
December 19, 2025 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 21, 2025.



20. Share-based payments

a)       Performance share units and restricted share units
The Company operates a Share Unit Plan under which the Board of Directors may grant:
     –     PSUs to certain employees and officers which entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate voting share for each
           PSU. The vesting performance conditions are determined by the Board of Directors at the time of each grant. PSUs
           expire on the business day preceding December 31 of the third calendar year following the end of the fiscal year
           during which the PSU award was made, except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or death.
           Conditionally upon achievement of performance objectives, granted PSUs under the Share Unit Plan vest at the end
           of the four-year period.
     –     RSUs to certain employees and officers which entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate voting share for each
           RSU. RSUs do not have any vesting performance conditions. RSUs expire on the business day preceding
           December 31 of the third calendar year following the end of the fiscal year during which the RSU award was made,
           except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or death. Granted RSUs under the Share Unit Plan vest
           at the end of the four-year period.

Class A subordinate voting shares purchased in connection with the Share Unit Plan are held in trusts for the benefit of the
participants. The trusts, considered as structured entities, are consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements
with the cost of the purchased shares recorded as a reduction of capital stock (Note 19).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                     45
                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 119

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20. Share-based payments (continued)
There are currently no outstanding RSUs under the Share Unit Plan. The following table presents information concerning the
number of outstanding PSUs granted by the Company under the Share Unit Plan:

 Outstanding as at September 30, 2023                                                                                                           2,252,450
 Granted1                                                                                                                                         799,418
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                             (280,265)
 Forfeited                                                                                                                                       (243,403)
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2024                                                                                                           2,528,200
 Granted1                                                                                                                                         674,259
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                             (765,318)
 Forfeited                                                                                                                                       (418,173)
 Dividends                                                                                                                                          8,588
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2025                                                                                                           2,027,556

1    The PSUs granted in 2025 had a weighted average grant date fair value of $159.44 per unit ($137.90 in 2024).


b)        Stock options
Under the Company’s stock option plan, the Board of Directors may grant, at its discretion, stock options to purchase Class A
subordinate voting shares to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price
is established by the Board of Directors and is equal to the closing price of the Class A subordinate voting shares on the TSX
on the day preceding the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest over four years from the date of grant conditionally
upon achievement of performance objectives and must be exercised within a ten-year period, except in the event of retirement,
termination of employment or death. As at September 30, 2025, 15,371,067 Class A subordinate voting shares were reserved
for issuance under the stock option plan.
The following table presents information concerning the outstanding stock options granted by the Company:

                                                                                                             2025                                      2024
                                                                                                        Weighted                                   Weighted
                                                                                                average exercise                           average exercise
                                                                      Number of options           price per share     Number of options      price per share
                                                                                                                $                                         $
 Outstanding, beginning of year                                               3,862,527                    74.53             5,211,472               70.21
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                           (947,071)                   65.45            (1,333,876)              57.38
 Forfeited                                                                           —                        —                (12,575)              97.84
 Expired                                                                         (2,983)                   84.91                (2,494)              98.65
 Outstanding, end of year                                                     2,912,473                    77.48             3,862,527               74.53
 Exercisable, end of year                                                     2,912,473                    77.48             3,699,805               73.51

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for stock options exercised in 2025 was $155.80 ($145.60 in 2024).
The following table summarizes information about the outstanding stock options granted by the Company as at
September 30, 2025:

                                                                                                                        Options outstanding and exercisable


                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                   Range of                                                         average                      Weighted
                                              exercise price              Number of options         remaining contractual life       average exercise price
                                                           $                                                        (in years)                            $
                                            47.81 to 52.63                           43,095                             0.02                        49.10
                                            57.21 to 63.23                        1,391,588                             1.51                        63.22
                                            67.04 to 85.62                          847,418                             2.93                        84.47
                                           97.84 to 110.73                          630,372                             4.93                       101.50
                                                                                  2,912,473                             2.64                         77.48




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                              46
120 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20. Share-based payments (continued)
c)        Share purchase plan
Under the share purchase plan, the Company contributes an amount equal to a percentage of the employee's basic
contribution, up to a maximum of 3.50%. An employee may make additional contributions in excess of the basic contribution.
However, the Company does not match contributions in the case of such additional contributions. The employee and
Company's contributions are remitted to an independent plan administrator who purchases Class A subordinate voting shares
on the open market on behalf of the employee through either the TSX or NYSE.

d)        Deferred share unit plan
External members of the Board of Directors (participants) are entitled to receive part or their entire retainer fee in DSUs. DSUs
are granted with immediate vesting and must be exercised no later than December 15 of the calendar year immediately
following the calendar year during which the participant ceases to act as a director. Each DSU entitles the holder to receive a
cash payment equal to the closing price of Class A subordinate voting shares on the TSX on the payment date. As at
September 30, 2025, the number of outstanding DSUs was 99,938 (110,412 DSUs as at September 30, 2024).

e)        Share-based payment costs
The share-based payment expense recorded in costs of services, selling and administrative is as follows:

                                                                                                                                      Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                      2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                          $                       $
    PSUs                                                                                                                           68,636                67,054
    Stock options                                                                                                                      —                    786
    Share purchase plan                                                                                                           196,510               181,989
    DSUs                                                                                                                             (743)                4,384
                                                                                                                                  264,403               254,213




21. Earnings per share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                              2025                                                          2024
                                                            Weighted average                                                Weighted average
                                                            number of shares         Earnings per                           number of shares         Earnings per
                                      Net earnings              outstanding1                share     Net earnings               outstanding1              share
                                                  $                                              $               $                                                $
Basic                                   1,658,285               222,693,319                  7.45      1,692,715               228,074,108                  7.42
Net effect of dilutive stock
  options and PSUs2                                               2,796,025                                                      3,598,753
Diluted                                 1,658,285               225,489,344                  7.35      1,692,715               231,672,861                  7.31

1    During the year ended September 30, 2025, 8,861,543 Class A subordinate voting shares purchased for cancellation and 2,247,354 Class A subordinate voting
     shares held in trust were excluded from the calculation of the weighted average number of shares outstanding as of the date of transaction (6,528,608 and
     2,601,356, respectively during the year ended September 30, 2024).
2    For the year ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, no stock options were excluded from the calculation of the diluted earnings per share as all stock options
     were dilutive.




22. Remaining performance obligations

Remaining performance obligations relates to Company’s performance obligations that are partially or fully unsatisfied under
fixed-fee arrangements recognized using the percentage-of-completion method.
The amount of the selling price allocated to remaining performance obligations as at September 30, 2025 is $1,195,219,000
($1,179,804,000 as at September 30, 2024) and is expected to be recognized as revenue within a weighted average of 2.0
years (1.7 years as at September 30, 2024).

CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                      47
                                                                                                                        FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 121

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


23. Costs of services, selling and administrative
                                                                                                                                    Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                              2025                       2024
                                                                                                                                  $                         $
Salaries, other employee costs and contracted labour costs1 2                                                          11,184,452                10,301,386
Hardware, software and data center related costs                                                                          957,218                   866,883
Professional fees 2                                                                                                       268,322                   293,452
Property costs                                                                                                            220,845                   201,194
Amortization, depreciation and impairment (Note 24)                                                                       585,665                   522,308
Other operating expenses                                                                                                   84,543                    74,507
                                                                                                                       13,301,045                12,259,730

1    Net of R&D and other tax credits of $173,042,000 in 2025 ($134,911,000 in 2024).
2    For the year ended September 30, 2024, an amount of $1,142,951,000 was reclassified from previously reported Professional fees and other contracted labour
     costs to Salaries, other employee costs and contracted labour costs (Note 3).




24. Amortization, depreciation and impairment

                                                                                                                                    Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                                                        $                   $
    Depreciation of PP&E (Note 6)                                                                                              134,243              134,818
    Impairment of PP&E (Note 6)                                                                                                     —                   115
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                                               138,240              126,615
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                                                     768                   —
    Amortization of contract costs related to transition costs                                                                  74,059               59,191
    Impairment of contract costs related to transition costs                                                                        —                 4,254
    Amortization of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                                                 231,639              185,741
    Impairment of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                                                     6,716               11,574
    Included in costs of services, selling and administrative (Note 23)                                                        585,665              522,308
    Amortization of contract costs related to incentives (presented as a reduction of revenue)                                   4,170                2,806
    Amortization of deferred financing fees (presented in finance costs)                                                              575                630
    Amortization of discounts on investments related to funds held for clients
     (presented net as an increase of revenue)                                                                                        (39)            (1,584)
    Impairment of PP&E (presented in integration costs) (Note 6)                                                                      360                149
    Impairment of PP&E (presented in restructuring and in cost optimization program)
     (Note 6 and 25)                                                                                                             1,526                 2,431
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (presented in integration costs) (Note 7)                                                 19,125                    —
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (presented in restructuring and in cost optimization
      program) (Note 7 and 25)                                                                                                   2,656               10,119
    Impairment of intangible assets (presented in restructuring) (Note 9 and 25)                                                   228                   —
                                                                                                                               614,266              536,859




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                48
122 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


25. Restructuring, acquisition and related integration costs

                                                                                                                Year ended September 30
                                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                                                $                     $
Restructuring                                                                                            196,796                    —
Cost optimization program                                                                                     —                 91,063
Acquisition and related integration costs                                                                 88,235                 5,866
                                                                                                         285,031                96,929


During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company initiated a restructuring program which was targeted within its
Continental European operations to realign its cost structure with current market conditions and which was completed for a
total cost of $196,796,000, consisting of costs for terminations of employment of $190,008,000 under this initiative, accounted
for in severance provisions (Note 13), as well as costs of vacating leased premises of $6,788,000.
During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company initiated a cost optimization program to accelerate actions to
improve operational efficiencies, including the increased use of automation and global delivery, and to rightsize its global real
estate portfolio. As at March 31, 2024, the Company completed its cost optimization program for a total cost of $100,027,000.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded $91,063,000 of costs under the cost optimization
program, which included costs for terminations of employment $69,500,000, accounted for in severance provisions (Note 13),
and costs of vacating leased premises of $21,563,000.
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company incurred $88,235,000 of acquisition and related integration costs
($5,866,000 during the year ended September 30, 2024). These costs were mainly related to redundancy of employment of
$27,467,000 ($653,000 during the year ended September 30, 2024), accounted for in severance provisions (Note 13), costs of
vacating leased premises of $23,379,000 ($947,000 during the year ended September 30, 2024), as well as legal and
professional fees of $12,278,000 ($2,437,000 during the year ended September 30, 2024).



26. Net finance costs
                                                                                                                Year ended September 30
                                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                                                    $                 $
 Interest on long-term debt                                                                                 80,907               48,002
 Interest on lease liabilities                                                                              30,461               29,234
 Net interest costs on net defined benefit pension plans (Note 17)                                           7,653                7,563
 Other finance costs                                                                                         9,556                6,135
 Finance costs                                                                                             128,577               90,934
 Finance income                                                                                            (44,885)             (63,045)
                                                                                                            83,692               27,889




27. Investments in subsidiaries

a)       Acquisitions and disposals
The Company made the following acquisitions during the year ended September 30, 2025:
     –     On December 13, 2024, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Daugherty
           Systems, Inc. (Daugherty), a professional services firm specializing in artificial intelligence, data analytics, strategic IT
           consulting, and business advisory services, based in St. Louis, U.S., for a total purchase price of $343,024,000.
           Daugherty employed approximately 1,100 professionals and the acquisition is reported under the U.S. Commercial
           and State Government operating segment.



CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                          49
                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 123

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
a)         Acquisitions and disposals (Continued)
       –     On February 24, 2025, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of BJSS Ltd (BJSS), a
             technology and engineering consultancy known for its IT solutions and software engineering expertise, based in the
             U.K., for a total purchase price of $1,255,577,000. BJSS employed approximately 2,400 professionals and the
             acquisition is mainly reported under the U.K. and Australia operating segment.
       –     On March 20, 2025, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Novatec Holding GmbH
             (Novatec), a professional services firm specializing in cloud-based solutions, agile software development, digital
             strategy, and business and IT consulting, based in Germany with operations in Spain. Novatec employed
             approximately 300 professionals and the acquisition is mainly reported under the Germany operating segment.
       –     On March 24, 2025, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Momentum Technologies Inc.
             (Momentum), a professional services firm specializing in digital transformation, managed services, cloud computing,
             and enterprise software development, based in Québec City, Canada. Momentum employed approximately 250
             professionals and the acquisition is reported under the Canada operating segment.
       –     On August 28, 2025, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Apside-Advance SAS
                                                                                                        Belgium, Portugal,
             (Apside), a digital and engineering services firm based in France and with operations in Canada,    Canada, Belgium,
                                                                                                                           Morocco,
             Portugal and
             Monaco   and Switzerland,
                           Switzerland, for
                                         for aa total
                                                 total purchase
                                                       purchase price
                                                                price of
                                                                      of $229,890,000.
                                                                         $229,890,000.Apside
                                                                                       Apside employed
                                                                                              employed approximately
                                                                                                       approximately 2,500
                                                                                                                      2,500
             professionals and the acquisition is mainly reported under the Western and Southern Europe operating segment.
These acquisitions were made to further expand CGI’s footprint in their respective regions and to complement CGI's proximity
model.
The following table presents the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for all acquisitions based on the
acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed:



                                                                    Daugherty             BJSS                Apside                Other                 Total
                                                                              $                $                    $                    $                    $
Accounts receivable                                                   53,546          112,422                55,390               20,249              241,607
Work in progress                                                      14,303            6,508                12,886                  468               34,165
Prepaid expenses and other current assets                              4,142            5,383                 2,534                1,145               13,204
PP&E (Note 6)                                                            378            5,349                 7,573                2,095               15,395
Right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                          15,538           18,395                21,742               10,821               66,496
Intangible assets1 (Note 9)                                           54,948          106,105                62,399               23,338              246,790
Other long-term assets                                                 3,124               —                  3,450                   —                 6,574
Goodwill2 (Note 12)                                                  237,886        1,143,403               221,445               70,526            1,673,260
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                             (18,465)         (67,216)              (45,785)              (6,844)            (138,310)
Other current liabilities                                            (31,853)         (69,471)              (17,931)             (10,974)            (130,229)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  —           (26,514)              (11,489)              (7,389)             (45,392)
Long-term debt (Note 28c)                                                 —                —                (56,204)              (2,172)             (58,376)
Lease liabilities                                                    (15,538)         (20,373)              (21,742)             (12,118)             (69,771)
Other long-term liabilities                                               —            (2,578)              (12,636)                (411)             (15,625)
                                                                     318,009        1,211,413               221,632               88,734            1,839,788
Cash acquired                                                         25,015           44,164                 8,258               14,027               91,464
Net assets acquired                                                  343,024        1,255,577               229,890              102,761            1,931,252


Consideration paid                                                   335,936        1,246,821               229,530               97,632            1,909,919
Consideration payable                                                  7,088            8,756                   360                5,129               21,333
1 Intangible assets are mainly composed of client relationships and backlog.

2 The goodwill arising from the acquisitions mainly represents the future economic value associated to acquired work force and synergies with the Company’s

     operations. The goodwill is only deductible for tax purposes for Daugherty.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                  50
124 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
a)         Acquisitions and disposals (Continued)

The estimated fair value of all assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the above acquisitions are preliminary and will be
completed as soon as management will have gathered all the significant information available and considered necessary in
order to finalize this allocation.
Since their respective dates of acquisition, Daugherty, BJSS and Apside have generated $220,000,000, $299,000,000 and
$32,000,000, respectively, of revenues, and $22,000,000, $24,000,000 and nil, respectively, of net earnings excluding
acquisition and related integration costs, to the financial results of the Company.
On a pro forma basis, for the year ended September 30, 2025, these three acquisitions would have generated $1,120,000,000
of revenues and $46,000,000 of net earnings excluding acquisition and related integration costs, to the financial results of the
Company had their acquisition dates been October 1, 2024.
There were no material disposals for the year ended September 30, 2025.

b)        Business acquisitions realized in the prior fiscal year

The following table presents the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for all acquisitions based on the
acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as at
September 30, 2024:

                                                                                         Aeyon                           Others                           Total
                                                                                              $                               $                               $
Current assets                                                                         34,206                          17,696                          51,902
PP&E (Note 6)                                                                           1,029                             349                           1,378
Right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                            1,073                           1,268                           2,341
Intangible assets1 (Note 9)                                                           101,856                          22,543                         124,399
Goodwill2 (Note 12)                                                                   397,406                          42,055                         439,461
Current liabilities                                                                   (54,728)                        (15,307)                        (70,035)
Long-term debt (Note 28c)                                                            (162,146)                             —                         (162,146)
Lease liabilities                                                                      (1,073)                         (1,268)                         (2,341)
                                                                                      317,623                          67,336                         384,959
Cash acquired                                                                             218                           5,072                           5,290
Net assets acquired                                                                   317,841                          72,408                         390,249


Consideration paid                                                                    317,841                          65,414                         383,255
Consideration payable                                                                      —                            6,994                           6,994

1 Intangible assets are mainly composed of client relationships and backlog.

2 The goodwill arising from the acquisitions mainly represents the future economic value associated to acquired work force and synergies with the Company’s

     operations. The goodwill of Aeyon is deductible for tax purposes.


During year ended September 30, 2025, the Company finalized the fair value assessment of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for Celero Solution's credit union business with no significant adjustments.
During year ended September 30, 2025, the Company finalized the fair value assessment of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for Aeyon LLC with an increase of goodwill of $47,507,000 (Note 12) mainly coming from a decrease in intangible
assets and without significant impact on net earnings.
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company paid $11,510,000 related to acquisitions realized in prior fiscal
years.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                  51
                                                                                                FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 125

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


28. Supplementary cash flow information

a)       Net change in non-cash working capital items and others is as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                                               $           $
 Accounts receivable                                                                                      80,109    106,360
 Work in progress                                                                                        (63,386)    (8,999)
 Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                        49,158      4,466
 Long-term financial assets                                                                               (9,329)   (24,423)
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                               (167,764)    22,151
 Accrued compensation and employee-related liabilities                                                   (59,885)   (27,689)
 Deferred revenue                                                                                         (1,932)    50,420
 Income taxes                                                                                            (85,430)   (98,207)
 Provisions                                                                                              122,426       (594)
 Long-term liabilities                                                                                     7,739     33,540
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                            118        634
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                                           9,133      7,337
                                                                                                        (119,043)    64,996


b)       Non-cash operating and investing activities are as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                                               $           $
 Operating activities
  Accounts receivable                                                                                        —          (12)
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                               45,269      35,992
  Provisions                                                                                              1,219         576
  Other long-term liabilities                                                                            19,401      13,524
                                                                                                         65,889      50,080
 Investing activities
   Purchase of PP&E                                                                                      (12,021)    (11,158)
     Additions, disposals/retirements, change in estimates and lease modifications of
      right-of-use assets                                                                               (143,914)   (110,778)
     Additions to intangible assets                                                                      (59,927)    (40,908)
                                                                                                        (215,862)   (162,844)




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                              52
  126 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
 Notestotothe
           theConsolidated
               ConsolidatedFinancial
                            FinancialStatements
                                      Statements
ForFor
     thethe
          years
            years
                ended
                  ended
                      September
                         September   30,30,
                                         2025
                                            2025andand
                                                     2024
                                                       2024
(tabular
   (tabular
          amounts
            amountsonly
                     only
                        areare
                             in in
                                thousands
                                   thousands of of
                                                Canadian
                                                   Canadian
                                                          dollars,
                                                            dollars,
                                                                   except
                                                                     except
                                                                          perper
                                                                              share
                                                                                 share
                                                                                     data)
                                                                                       data)


28.
 28. Supplementary
      Supplementarycash
                    cashflow
                          flowinformation
                                information(continued)
                                             (continued)
c) c)     Changes
           Changesarising
                    arising
                          from
                             from
                                financing
                                   financing
                                           activities
                                             activities    asas
                                                      areare  follows
                                                                 follows
                                                                       forfor
                                                                           thethe
                                                                                years
                                                                                  years
                                                                                      ended
                                                                                        ended
                                                                                            September
                                                                                              September
                                                                                                      30:30:

                                                                                                               2025
                                                                                                                 2025                                             2024
                                                                                                                                                                    2024
                                                                                       Derivative
                                                                                           Derivative                                     Derivative
                                                                                                                                              Derivative
                                                                                         financial
                                                                                            financial                                       financial
                                                                                                                                                financial
                                                                                     instruments
                                                                                        instruments                                     instruments
                                                                                                                                           instruments
                                                                                         to to
                                                                                            hedge
                                                                                               hedge                                       to to
                                                                                                                                               hedge
                                                                                                                                                   hedge
                                                                         Long-term
                                                                           Long-term long-term
                                                                                           long-term          Lease
                                                                                                                  Lease    Long-term
                                                                                                                             Long-term long-term
                                                                                                                                              long-term          Lease
                                                                                                                                                                     Lease
                                                                              debt
                                                                                 debt         debt
                                                                                                debt      liabilities
                                                                                                             liabilities        debt
                                                                                                                                   debt           debt
                                                                                                                                                    debt      liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                  liabilities
                                                                                  $ $               $ $            $ $              $ $             $ $                $ $
   Balance,
     Balance,
            beginning
               beginningof of
                           year
                              year                                      2,688,308
                                                                           2,688,308        9,500
                                                                                               9,500      620,095
                                                                                                            620,095 3,100,321
                                                                                                                       3,100,321            (97,575)
                                                                                                                                              (97,575) 641,963
                                                                                                                                                         641,963
   Cash
     Cashused
           used
              in in
                 financing
                    financing
                            activities
                               activities
                                       excluding
                                          excluding
                                                 equity
                                                    equity
    Increase
       Increase
              of of
                 long-term
                    long-term
                            debt
                               debt                                       923,922
                                                                            923,922                ——            ——        747,073
                                                                                                                             747,073              ——                ——
        Repayment
          Repayment
                  of of
                     long-term
                        long-term
                                debt
                                  debt
                                     and
                                       and
                                         lease
                                            lease
                                               liabilities
                                                  liabilities                    ——                — — (177,465)
                                                                                                         (177,465)(1,154,878)
                                                                                                                     (1,154,878)                  — — (146,762)
                                                                                                                                                        (146,762)
        Repayment
          Repayment of of
                       debt
                          debt
                            assumed
                               assumed in in
                                          business
                                             business
                                                    acquisitions
                                                      acquisitions         (47,953)
                                                                             (47,953)              ——            — — (162,146)
                                                                                                                       (162,146)                 ——                 ——
        Settlement
          Settlement
                   of of
                      derivative
                         derivative
                                 financial
                                    financial
                                           instruments
                                              instruments
                                                       (Note
                                                          (Note
                                                              32)32)            ——                 ——            ——        ——                38,943
                                                                                                                                               38,943               ——
   Non-cash
     Non-cashfinancing
                 financingactivities
                            activities
    Additions,
       Additions,disposals/retirements
                     disposals/retirements andand
                                                change
                                                  changein in
                                                           estimates
                                                              estimates
     and
       and
         lease
            leasemodifications
                     modificationsof of
                                     right-of-use
                                        right-of-use
                                                  assets
                                                     assets                      ——           ——          144,967
                                                                                                            144,967          ——                   ——         110,778
                                                                                                                                                               110,778
    Additions
       Additionsthrough
                    through
                          business
                            business acquisitions
                                        acquisitions
                                                   (Note
                                                      (Note
                                                         27)27)            58,376
                                                                              58,376          ——           69,771
                                                                                                             69,771 162,146
                                                                                                                         162,146                  ——           2,341
                                                                                                                                                                  2,341
    Changes
       Changes in in
                   foreign
                      foreign
                           currency
                              currency exchange
                                          exchangerates
                                                     rates                 13,623
                                                                              13,623     128,285
                                                                                           128,285         32,319
                                                                                                             32,319     (6,715)
                                                                                                                           (6,715)           68,132
                                                                                                                                               68,132         18,914
                                                                                                                                                                18,914
   Other
     Other                                                                   1,559
                                                                                1,559         ——            3,797
                                                                                                               3,797     2,507
                                                                                                                            2,507                 ——          (7,139)
                                                                                                                                                                 (7,139)
   Balance,
     Balance,end endof of
                       year
                          year                                          3,637,835
                                                                           3,637,835     137,785
                                                                                           137,785        693,484
                                                                                                            693,484 2,688,308
                                                                                                                       2,688,308              9,500
                                                                                                                                                 9,500       620,095
                                                                                                                                                               620,095



d) d)     Interest
             Interest
                   paid
                      paid
                        andand
                             received
                               received
                                      and
                                        andincome
                                             income
                                                  taxes
                                                    taxes
                                                        paid areare
                                                          paid    classified
                                                                    classified
                                                                             within
                                                                               within
                                                                                    operating
                                                                                      operating
                                                                                              activities
                                                                                                activities
                                                                                                         and
                                                                                                           and
                                                                                                             areare
                                                                                                                  asas
                                                                                                                     follows
                                                                                                                        follows
                                                                                                                              forfor
                                                                                                                                  thethe
          years
             years
                 ended
                    endedSeptember
                           September30:30:

                                                                                                                                        2025
                                                                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                                                 2024
                                                                                                                                            $ $                     $ $
 Interest
    Interest
          paid
             paid                                                                                                                  129,133
                                                                                                                                     129,133                102,180
                                                                                                                                                              102,180
 Interest
    Interest
          received
             received                                                                                                               62,604
                                                                                                                                      62,604                 87,153
                                                                                                                                                               87,153
 Income
    Incometaxes
             taxes
                paid
                   paid                                                                                                            603,370
                                                                                                                                     603,370                740,325
                                                                                                                                                              740,325


e) e)     Cash
           Cashand
                 and
                   cash
                     cash
                        equivalents
                          equivalents
                                    consisted
                                      consisted
                                              of of unrestricted
                                                 unrestricted  cash
                                                                 cash
                                                                    asas
                                                                       at at
                                                                          September
                                                                             September
                                                                                    30,30,
                                                                                        2025
                                                                                           2025
                                                                                              and
                                                                                                and
                                                                                                  2024.
                                                                                                    2024.




CGICGI
    Inc.Inc.
          – –
           Consolidated
              Consolidated
                        Financial
                           Financial
                                  Statements
                                     Statements
                                             for for
                                                  thethe years
                                                      years ended
                                                               ended
                                                                  September
                                                                     September
                                                                            30,30,
                                                                                2025
                                                                                   2025
                                                                                     andand
                                                                                         2024
                                                                                            2024                                                                  53 53
                                                                                                                                      FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 127

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29. Segmented information

The Company has restated its segmented information for the comparative period to conform to the new operating segments
and the segment expense disclosures (Note 12). The following tables present information on the Company's operations based
on its current management structure. Segment results are based on the location from which the services are delivered - the
geographic delivery model.
Furthermore, following its evaluation of the IFRIC agenda decision, the Company has expanded its segment disclosures to
reflect salaries, other employee costs and contracted labour costs, for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(Note 3).

                                                                                                                                               Year ended September 30, 2025

                                     Western          U.S.                        Scandinavia,
                                         and   Commercial                           Northwest                                      Finland,
                                    Southern     and State       U.S.             and Central-       U.K. and                       Poland        Asia Elimination
                                      Europe   Government     Federal    Canada   East Europe        Australia       Germany    and Baltics     Pacific          s           Total
                                           $             $          $         $                  $               $         $              $           $             $            $
Segment revenue                    2,679,167    2,522,956 2,247,943 2,090,682        1,688,887 2,020,016             901,609      903,701 1,014,441         (156,729) 15,912,673

Segment earnings before
  restructuring, acquisition and
  related integration costs, net
  finance costs and income tax
  expense                            354,421      359,174    331,976    472,888        235,202        299,345        108,107      142,128      307,672             —     2,610,913
Restructuring, acquisition and
 related integration costs
  (Note 25)                                                                                                                                                               (285,031)

Net finance costs (Note 26)
                                                                                                                                                                           (83,692)
Earnings before income
  taxes                                                                                                                                                                  2,242,190

Additional information:
Salaries, other employee
  costs and contracted labour
  costs                            2,084,539    1,820,400 1,651,615 1,264,788        1,124,215 1,359,727             693,328      571,621      614,219             — 11,184,452

Amortization and depreciation1        76,012      102,678      76,486    68,741         87,011         60,636         41,608        40,408      36,216             —      589,796

1 Impairment in intangible assets of $6,716,000 includes an impairment of a business solution in U.S. Commercial and State Government segment for $5,546,000.

  This asset was no longer expected to generate future economic benefits.



                                                                                                                                                Year ended September 30, 2024

                                     Western          U.S.                        Scandinavia,
                                         and   Commercial                           Northwest                                      Finland,
                                    Southern     and State      U.S.              and Central-       U.K. and                       Poland        Asia
                                      Europe   Government     Federal   Canada    East Europe        Australia       Germany     and Baltics    Pacific   Eliminations        Total
                                          $             $          $          $             $               $              $              $          $              $            $
Segment revenue                    2,600,198    2,327,309 2,001,391 2,034,995      1,593,434 1,584,833                894,565      859,263 956,145          (175,981) 14,676,152

Segment earnings before
  restructuring, acquisition and
  related integration costs, net
  finance costs and income tax
  expense                           334,165       337,325    322,698    463,171      191,752         251,662           88,438      133,437 293,121                 —     2,415,769

Restructuring, acquisition and
 related integration costs
  (Note 25)                                                                                                                                                                (96,929)

Net finance costs (Note 26)
                                                                                                                                                                           (27,889)
Earnings before income
  taxes                                                                                                                                                                  2,290,951

Additional information:
Salaries, other employee
  costs and contracted labour
  costs                            2,039,082    1,645,109 1,457,486 1,255,333      1,070,070 1,003,640                702,588      553,997 574,081                 — 10,301,386

Amortization and depreciation2       71,807        97,552     60,779     60,132       82,146          44,999           39,507       37,700     28,908              —      523,530

2 Impairment in intangible assets of $11,574,000 includes an impairment of a business solution in U.S. Commercial and State Government segment for $7,932,000.

  This asset was no longer expected to generate future economic benefits.


The accounting policies of each operating segment are the same as those described in Note 3, Summary of material
accounting policies. Intersegment revenue is priced as if the revenue was from third parties.

CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                                    54
128 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29. Segmented information (continued)

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

The following table provides external revenue information based on the client’s location which is different from the revenue
presented under operating segments, due to the intersegment revenue, for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                                                               $                        $
Western and Southern Europe
 France                                                                                                               2,293,714              2,253,580
 Portugal                                                                                                               131,043                120,471
 Spain                                                                                                                  130,478                118,693
 Others                                                                                                                  66,015                 56,112
                                                                                                                      2,621,250              2,548,856


U.S.1                                                                                                                 5,063,038              4,574,294


Canada                                                                                                                2,302,236              2,208,938


Scandinavia, Northwest and Central-East Europe
  Sweden                                                                                                                713,513                692,192
  Netherlands                                                                                                           678,664                633,337
  Norway                                                                                                                111,134                110,025
  Denmark                                                                                                                96,256                 89,852
  Czech Republic                                                                                                         81,715                 79,137
  Others                                                                                                                 70,637                 65,789
                                                                                                                      1,751,919              1,670,332


U.K. and Australia
  U.K.                                                                                                                2,144,523              1,722,485
  Australia                                                                                                              81,409                 71,481
                                                                                                                      2,225,932              1,793,966


Germany                                                                                                                 980,807                959,129


Finland, Poland and Baltics
  Finland                                                                                                               883,148                842,565
  Others                                                                                                                 79,697                 70,958
                                                                                                                        962,845                913,523


Asia Pacific
  Others                                                                                                                 4,646                   7,114
                                                                                                                         4,646                   7,114
                                                                                                                    15,912,673              14,676,152

1   External revenue included in the U.S Commercial and State Government and U.S. Federal operating segments was $2,809,549,000 and $2,253,489,000,
    respectively in 2025 ($2,564,710,000 and $2,009,584,000, respectively in 2024).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                            55
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 129

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29. Segmented information (continued)

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

The following table provides information for PP&E, right-of-use assets, contract costs and intangible assets based on their
location:

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2025   September 30, 2024
                                                                                                               $                     $
   U.S.                                                                                                 676,717               656,176
   Canada                                                                                               441,218               433,965
   France                                                                                               276,053               182,015
   U.K.                                                                                                 223,676               107,649
   Sweden                                                                                               112,744               105,491
   Finland                                                                                              104,354               101,137
   Germany                                                                                              107,623                94,704
   India                                                                                                 77,772                65,185
   Netherlands                                                                                           54,462                54,552
   Rest of the world                                                                                    104,206                94,668
                                                                                                      2,178,825             1,895,542


INFORMATION ABOUT SERVICES

The following table provides revenue information based on services provided by the Company for the year ended
September 30:

                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                                               $                     $
  Managed IT and business process services                                                            8,820,863            8,041,857
  Business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services                               7,091,810            6,634,295
                                                                                                     15,912,673           14,676,152


MAJOR CLIENT INFORMATION

Contracts with the U.S. federal government and its various agencies, included within the U.S. Federal operating segment,
accounted for $2,244,649,000 and 14.1% of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2025 ($1,994,150,000 and 13.6% for
the year ended September 30, 2024).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                         56
130 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30. Related party transactions

The Company is controlled by the Founder of CGI and Co-Chair of the Board of Directors.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a share repurchase and share conversion transactions
with related parties, as described in Note 19.

a)     Transactions with subsidiaries and other related parties
Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation. The Company
owns 100% of the equity interests of its principal subsidiaries.
The Company’s principal subsidiaries whose revenues, based on the geographic delivery model, represent more than 3% of
the consolidated revenues are as follows:

Name of subsidiary                                                                                    Country of incorporation
CGI Technologies and Solutions Inc.                                                                            United States
CGI France SAS                                                                                                        France
CGI Federal Inc.                                                                                               United States
CGI IT UK Limited                                                                                            United Kingdom
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.                                                              Canada
Conseillers en gestion et informatique CGI inc.                                                                      Canada
CGI Deutschland B.V. & Co. KG                                                                                      Germany
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Private Limited                                                      India
CGI Sverige AB                                                                                                      Sweden
CGI Suomi Oy                                                                                                         Finland
CGI Nederland B.V.                                                                                               Netherlands


b)     Compensation of key management personnel
Compensation of key management personnel, currently defined as the executive officers and the Board of Directors of the
Company, was as follows for the year ended September 30:

                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                      $                     $
Short-term employee benefits                                                                     30,043               31,076
Share-based payments                                                                             37,002               40,209




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                57
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 131

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31. Commitments, contingencies and guarantees

a)      Commitments
As at September 30, 2025, the Company entered into long-term service agreements representing a total commitment of
$464,023,000. Minimum payments under these agreements are due as follows:

                                                                                                                                   $
 Less than one year                                                                                                        226,509
 Between one and three years                                                                                               214,408
 Between three and five years                                                                                               23,106
 Beyond five years                                                                                                              —


b)     Contingencies
From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, litigation and claims which primarily relate to tax
exposure, contractual disputes and employee claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Certain of these matters
seek damages in significant amounts and will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.
Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the
disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s
financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on any of its business activities. Claims for which there is a
probable unfavourable outcome are recorded in provisions.
In addition, the Company is engaged to provide services under contracts with various government agencies. Some of these
contracts are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, government agencies investigate
whether the Company’s operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. Generally, the governments
agencies have the right to change the scope of, or terminate, these projects at its convenience. The termination or reduction in
the scope of a major government contract or project could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations and the
financial condition of the Company.

c)     Guarantees
Sale of assets and business divestitures
In connection with the sale of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs
and losses incurred as the result of breaches in contractual obligations, including representations and warranties, intellectual
property right infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a
maximum potential exposure, others do not specify a maximum amount or a maturity date. It is not possible to reasonably
estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the
outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. No amount has
been accrued in the consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of indemnification as at September 30, 2025. The
Company does not expect to incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially
adverse effect on its consolidated financial statements.
Other transactions
In the normal course of business, the Company may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and
performance bonds. In general, the Company would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if the Company refuses to
perform the project once the bid is awarded. The Company would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of
default in the performance of its obligations. As at September 30, 2025, the Company had committed a total of $275,221,000
of these bonds. In all material respects, the Company is in compliance with its performance obligations under its service
contracts for which there is a bid or performance bond, and the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these
guarantees, would not have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations or financial
condition.
Moreover, the Company has letters of credit for a total of $74,743,000 in addition to the letters of credit covered by the
unsecured committed revolving credit facility (Note 14). These guarantees are required in some of the Company’s contracts
with customers.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                       58
132 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notes to
       to the
           the Consolidated
               Consolidated Financial
                            Financial Statements
                                      Statements
For
 Forthe
     theyears
         yearsended
               endedSeptember
                     September30,  30,2025
                                       2025and
                                            and2024
                                                2024
(tabular
 (tabularamounts
          amountsonly
                  onlyare
                       areininthousands
                               thousandsofofCanadian
                                            Canadiandollars,
                                                     dollars,except
                                                              exceptper
                                                                     pershare
                                                                         sharedata)
                                                                               data)


32.
32. Financial
    Financialinstruments
              instruments

FAIR
 FAIRVALUE
     VALUEMEASUREMENTS
           MEASUREMENTS
Fair
 Fairvalue
      valueisisthe
                theprice
                    pricethat
                           thatwould
                               wouldbe
                                     bereceived
                                        receivedto
                                                 tosell
                                                    sellan
                                                         anasset
                                                            assetor
                                                                  orpaid
                                                                     paidto
                                                                          totransfer
                                                                             transferaaliability
                                                                                         liabilityininan
                                                                                                       anorderly
                                                                                                          orderlytransaction
                                                                                                                  transactionbetween
                                                                                                                              between
market
 marketparticipants
         participantsat atthe
                           themeasurement
                               measurementdate.
                                            date.
Valuation
 Valuationtechniques
           techniquesused
                      usedto
                           tovalue
                              valuefinancial
                                    financialinstruments
                                              instrumentsare
                                                          areas
                                                              asfollows:
                                                                 follows:
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueof
                           ofthe
                              the2021
                                   2021U.S.
                                        U.S.Senior
                                             SeniorNotes,
                                                     Notes,the
                                                            the2021
                                                                 2021CAD
                                                                       CADSenior
                                                                             SeniorNotes,
                                                                                      Notes,the
                                                                                             the2024
                                                                                                 2024CAD
                                                                                                       CADSenior
                                                                                                             SeniorNotes,
                                                                                                                     Notes,the
                                                                                                                             the2025
                                                                                                                                 2025
           U.S.
            U.S.Senior
                 SeniorNotes,
                         Notes,the
                                 theunsecured
                                     unsecuredcommitted
                                                 committedrevolving
                                                            revolvingcredit
                                                                       creditfacility
                                                                              facilityand
                                                                                       andthe
                                                                                           theother
                                                                                               otherlong-term
                                                                                                     long-termdebt
                                                                                                                debtisisestimated
                                                                                                                         estimatedby
                                                                                                                                   by
           discounting
            discountingexpected
                         expectedcash
                                    cashflows
                                         flowsat
                                               atrates
                                                  ratescurrently
                                                        currentlyoffered
                                                                  offeredto
                                                                          tothe
                                                                             theCompany
                                                                                  Companyfor fordebts
                                                                                                 debtsof
                                                                                                       ofthe
                                                                                                          thesame
                                                                                                              sameremaining
                                                                                                                    remainingmaturities
                                                                                                                                maturities
           and
            andconditions;
                conditions;
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueof
                           oflong-term
                              long-termbonds
                                         bondsincluded
                                                includedininfunds
                                                             fundsheld
                                                                   heldfor
                                                                        forclients
                                                                            clientsand
                                                                                    andininlong-term
                                                                                            long-terminvestments
                                                                                                        investmentsisisdetermined
                                                                                                                        determinedbyby
           discounting
            discountingthe
                         thefuture
                             futurecash
                                     cashflows
                                          flowsusing
                                                usingobservable
                                                      observableinputs,
                                                                  inputs,such
                                                                           suchasasinterest
                                                                                    interestrate
                                                                                              rateyield
                                                                                                   yieldcurves
                                                                                                          curvesor
                                                                                                                 orcredit
                                                                                                                    creditspreads,
                                                                                                                           spreads,or
                                                                                                                                    or
           according
            accordingtotosimilar
                          similartransactions
                                  transactionson
                                               onan
                                                  anarm's-length
                                                      arm's-lengthbasis;
                                                                    basis;
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueof
                           offoreign
                              foreigncurrency
                                      currencyforward
                                               forwardcontracts
                                                       contractsisisdetermined
                                                                     determinedusing
                                                                                usingforward
                                                                                      forwardexchange
                                                                                              exchangerates
                                                                                                       ratesat
                                                                                                             atthe
                                                                                                                theend
                                                                                                                    endof
                                                                                                                        ofthe
                                                                                                                           the
           reporting
            reportingperiod;
                      period;
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueof
                           ofcross-currency
                              cross-currencyswaps
                                               swapsisisdetermined
                                                         determinedbased
                                                                      basedon
                                                                            onmarket
                                                                                marketdata
                                                                                       data(primarily
                                                                                             (primarilyyield
                                                                                                        yieldcurves,
                                                                                                              curves,exchange
                                                                                                                      exchangerates
                                                                                                                               rates
           and
            andinterest
                interestrates)
                         rates)to
                                tocalculate
                                   calculatethe
                                             thepresent
                                                 presentvalue
                                                          valueof
                                                                ofall
                                                                   allestimated
                                                                       estimatedcash
                                                                                 cashflows;
                                                                                      flows;
     --    The
            Thefair
                 fairvalue
                      valueof
                            ofcash,
                               cash,cash
                                     cashequivalents
                                           equivalentsandandcash
                                                             cashincluded
                                                                  includedininfunds
                                                                               fundsheld
                                                                                     heldfor
                                                                                          forclients
                                                                                              clientsand
                                                                                                      andshort-term
                                                                                                          short-terminvestments
                                                                                                                     investments
           included
            includedinincurrent
                         currentfinancial
                                 financialassets
                                           assetsisisdetermined
                                                      determinedusing
                                                                 usingobservable
                                                                        observablequotes;
                                                                                    quotes;and
                                                                                             and
     --    The
            Thefair
                fairvalue
                     valueof
                           ofdeferred
                              deferredcompensation
                                       compensationplanplanassets
                                                            assetswithin
                                                                   withinlong-term
                                                                          long-termfinancial
                                                                                    financialassets
                                                                                              assetsisisbased
                                                                                                         basedon
                                                                                                               onobservable
                                                                                                                  observableprice
                                                                                                                             price
           quotations
            quotationsand
                        andnet
                             netassets
                                 assetsvalues
                                        valuesat
                                               atthe
                                                  thereporting
                                                      reportingdate.
                                                                date.
As
Asat
   atSeptember
     September30,  2025,there
               30,2025,  therewere
                              wereno
                                   nochanges
                                      changesininvaluation
                                                  valuationtechniques.
                                                            techniques.
The
 Thefollowing
     followingtable
               tablepresents
                     presentsthethefinancial
                                    financialliabilities
                                               liabilitiesincluded
                                                           includedininthe
                                                                        thelong-term
                                                                            long-termdebt
                                                                                      debt(Note
                                                                                           (Note14)
                                                                                                 14)measured
                                                                                                    measuredat
                                                                                                             atamortized
                                                                                                                amortizedcost
                                                                                                                          cost
categorized
 categorizedusing
             usingthe
                    thefair
                        fairvalue
                             valuehierarchy.
                                   hierarchy.

                                                                                       As
                                                                                        AsatatSeptember
                                                                                               September30,
                                                                                                         30,2025
                                                                                                             2025            As
                                                                                                                              AsatatSeptember
                                                                                                                                     September30,
                                                                                                                                               30,2024
                                                                                                                                                   2024
                                                               Level
                                                                Level       Carrying
                                                                             Carryingamount
                                                                                      amount          Fair
                                                                                                       Fairvalue
                                                                                                            value   Carrying
                                                                                                                     Carryingamount
                                                                                                                              amount        Fair
                                                                                                                                             Fairvalue
                                                                                                                                                  value
                                                                                            $$                $$                 $$                 $$
  2021
   2021U.S.
        U.S.Senior
             SeniorNotes
                    Notes                                      Level
                                                                Level22           1,386,564
                                                                                   1,386,564         1,310,044
                                                                                                      1,310,044         1,342,758
                                                                                                                         1,342,758        1,223,120
                                                                                                                                           1,223,120
  2021
   2021CAD
        CADSenior
              SeniorNotes
                     Notes                                     Level
                                                                Level22             597,892
                                                                                     597,892           580,561
                                                                                                        580,561           597,212
                                                                                                                           597,212          564,768
                                                                                                                                             564,768
  2024
   2024CAD
        CADSenior
              SeniorNotes
                     Notes                                     Level
                                                                Level22             747,001
                                                                                     747,001           766,844
                                                                                                        766,844           746,144
                                                                                                                           746,144          759,375
                                                                                                                                             759,375
  2025
   2025U.S.
        U.S.Senior
             SeniorNotes
                    Notes                                      Level
                                                                Level22             894,509
                                                                                     894,509           930,366
                                                                                                        930,366                 —
                                                                                                                                —                 —
                                                                                                                                                  —
  Other
   Otherlong-term
         long-termdebt
                   debt                                        Level
                                                                Level22              11,869
                                                                                      11,869            11,892
                                                                                                         11,892             2,194
                                                                                                                             2,194            2,119
                                                                                                                                               2,119
                                                                                  3,637,835
                                                                                   3,637,835         3,599,707
                                                                                                      3,599,707         2,688,308
                                                                                                                         2,688,308        2,549,382
                                                                                                                                           2,549,382

For
 Forthe
      theremaining
          remainingfinancial
                     financialassets
                               assetsand
                                      andliabilities
                                           liabilitiesmeasured
                                                       measuredat
                                                                atamortized
                                                                   amortizedcost,
                                                                             cost,the
                                                                                   thecarrying
                                                                                       carryingvalues
                                                                                                valuesapproximate
                                                                                                       approximatethe
                                                                                                                   thefair
                                                                                                                       fairvalues
                                                                                                                            valuesof
                                                                                                                                   of
the
 thefinancial
     financialinstruments
               instrumentsgiven
                            giventheir
                                  theirshort
                                        shortterm
                                               termmaturity.
                                                      maturity.




CGI
 CGIInc.
     Inc.––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                   Statementsfor
                                              forthe
                                                  theyears
                                                      yearsended
                                                            endedSeptember
                                                                  September30,
                                                                            30,2025
                                                                                2025and
                                                                                     and2024
                                                                                         2024                                                        59
                                                                                                                                                      59
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 133

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
The following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value categorized using the fair value hierarchy:


                                                                                Level          As at September 30, 2025   As at September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                     $                          $
 Financial assets
  FVTE
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                  Level 2                       864,209                  1,461,145
     Cash included in funds held for clients (Note 5)                           Level 2                       704,503                    233,584
     Deferred compensation plan assets (Note 11)                                Level 1                       125,388                    112,270
                                                                                                            1,694,100                  1,806,999
  Derivative financial instruments designated as
    hedging instruments
      Current derivative financial instruments included in current
         financial assets                                                       Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                   1,011                         —
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                     1,481                      5,055
      Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 11)                      Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                     395                         —
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                       459                      2,644
                                                                                                                3,346                      7,699
  FVOCI
    Short-term investments included in current financial assets                 Level 2                         3,675                      3,279
    Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients (Note 5)                 Level 2                       240,932                    223,196
    Long-term investments (Note 11)                                             Level 2                        27,687                     24,209
                                                                                                              272,294                    250,684
 Financial liabilities
   Derivative financial instruments designated as
     hedging instruments
     Current derivative financial instruments                                   Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                   3,036                         —
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                    21,586                     13,073
      Long-term derivative financial instruments                                Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                 136,155                      9,500
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                    36,950                     10,204
                                                                                                              197,727                     32,777

There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                    60
134 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

MARKET RISK
Market risk incorporates a range of risks. Movements in risk factors, such as interest rate risk and currency risk, affect the fair
values of financial assets and liabilities.
Interest rate risk
The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on its unsecured committed revolving credit facility carrying amount.
The Company analyzes its interest rate risk exposure on an ongoing basis using various scenarios to simulate refinancing or
the renewal of existing positions. Based on these scenarios, a change in the interest rate of 1% would not have had a
significant impact on net earnings as of September 30, 2025, as no amounts have been drawn on the unsecured committed
revolving credit facility and all other outstanding debts bear fixed interest rates.
Currency risk
The Company operates internationally and is exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company
mitigates this risk principally through foreign currency denominated debt and derivative financial instruments, which includes
foreign currency forward contracts and cross-currency swaps.
The Company hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its U.S. operations into Canadian dollar,
with Senior U.S. unsecured notes.
The Company also hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its European operations with
cross-currency swaps.
Finally, the Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in various foreign currency
exchange rates on future revenues. Hedging relationships are designated and documented at inception and quarterly
effectiveness assessments are performed during the year.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                      61
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 135

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk (continued)
As of September 30, 2025, the 2021 U.S. Senior Notes of a carrying value of $1,386,564,000 and a nominal amount of
$1,393,100,000 are partially designated as hedging instruments to hedge portions of the Company’s net investments in its
U.S. operations.
The following tables summarize the cross-currency swap agreements that the Company had entered into in order to manage
its currency:

                                                                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                                                                 September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024

                                                         Pay
 Receive Notional               Receive Rate         Notional                  Pay rate              Maturity           Fair value           Fair value
                                                                                                                                 $                   $
    Hedges of net investments in European operations
                                                                                               From September
         $1,270,000      From 1.62% to 4.15%         €866,365    From (0.14)% to 3.70%            2027 to 2029            (109,168)             (7,806)

              $80,000                   4.15%     SEK609,940      From 3.49% to 3.51%          September 2029                (9,090)            (1,694)
    Hedges of net investments in European operations and cash flow hedges on the 2021 U.S. Senior Notes

                                                                                               From September
        U.S.$63,500      From 1.45% to 2.30%      SEK619,583     From (0.73)% to 1.01%            2026 to 2031               (2,448)                —
                                                                                               From September
        U.S.$11,500      From 1.45% to 2.30%       DKK73,986     From (1.01)% to 0.85%            2026 to 2031                  (54)                —
    Cash flow hedges on the 2025 U.S. Senior Notes

       U.S.$650,000                     4.95%        $933,985                     3.71%            March 2030               (17,025)                —

      Total                                                                                                               (137,785)             (9,500)

During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company entered into a U.S. dollar to Canadian dollar cross-currency swap
agreement for a notional amount of U.S. $650,000,000, which was designated as a cash flow hedge of the Company’s
exposure to the currency risks related to the 2025 U.S. Senior Notes, reducing the Canadian dollar equivalent cost of
borrowing from 4.95% to 3.71%.
During the year ended September 30, 2025, the Company entered into U.S. dollar to Swedish krona cross-currency swap
agreements for a notional amount of U.S. $63,500,000, and a U.S. dollar to Danish Krona cross-currency swap agreements for
a notional amount of U.S. $11,500,000 which were designated as a foreign exchange hedge of the Company's net investment
in its European operations and a cash flow hedge of the Company’s exposure to the currency risks related to its 2021 U.S.
Senior Notes.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                         62
136 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk (continued)
As at September 30, 2025, the Company held foreign currency forward contracts to hedge exposures to changes in foreign
currency, which have the following notional, average contract rates and maturities:

                                                                                                                           As at                   As at
                                                                       Average contract rates                 September 30, 2025     September 30, 2024
Foreign currency forward contracts                  Notional   Less than one year    More than one year               Fair value               Fair value
                                                                                                                              $                       $
      USD/INR                                U.S.$482,362                   87.72                   92.05               (16,732)                  2,091
      CAD/INR                                    $458,999                   64.89                   68.22                (5,425)                    314
      EUR/INR                                    €170,890                   99.00                  107.80               (17,312)                 (1,156)
      GBP/INR                                    £129,282                  112.00                  120.29               (12,921)                 (8,700)
      SEK/INR                                   kr258,452                    8.72                    9.63                (3,075)                   (720)
      GBP/EUR                                    £104,627                    1.15                      —                    223                  (5,763)
      GBP/SEK                                     £56,618                   12.63                      —                   (210)                     —
      EUR/MAD                                      €6,000                   10.58                      —                    (87)                   (548)
      EUR/CZK                                     €25,800                   25.04                   25.51                   724                    (473)
      Others                                      $58,644                                                                (1,781)                   (623)
    Total                                                                                                               (56,596)               (15,578)

The following table details the Company's sensitivity to a 10% strengthening of the euro, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and
the Swedish krona, foreign currency rates on net earnings and on other comprehensive income (loss). The sensitivity analysis
on net earnings presents the impact of foreign currency denominated financial instruments and adjusts their translation at
period end for a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis on other comprehensive income (loss)
presents the impact of a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates on the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts
designated as cash flow hedges and on net investment hedges.

                                                                                         2025                                                       2024
                                                                        British      Swedish                                         British    Swedish
                                             euro      U.S. dollar       pound         krona              euro      U.S. dollar      pound        krona
                                           impact         impact        impact        impact            impact         impact       impact       impact
                                                $                $            $                $              $              $            $             $

Increase in net
  earnings                                 2,806           5,827           990           265                150         1,359       1,179           521
 Decrease in other
  comprehensive income (loss)           (211,271)       (235,753)      (22,262)      (20,296)        (174,239)       (180,405)     (17,269)      (9,631)


LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled by
delivering cash or another financial assets. The Company’s activities are financed through a combination of the cash flows
from operations, borrowing under existing unsecured committed revolving credit facility, the issuance of debt and the issuance
of equity. One of management’s primary goals is to maintain an optimal level of liquidity through the active management of the
assets and liabilities as well as the cash flows. The Company regularly monitors its cash forecasts to ensure it has sufficient
flexibility under its available liquidity to meet its obligations.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                           63
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 137

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)
The following tables summarize the carrying amount and the contractual maturities of both the interest and principal portion of
financial liabilities. All amounts contractually denominated in foreign currency are presented in Canadian dollar equivalent
amounts using the period-end spot rate or floating rate.

                                                                                                           Between one         Between
                                                            Carrying      Contractual          Less than           and    three and five      Beyond
As at September 30, 2025                                     amount        cash flows           one year    three years           years    five years
                                                                    $               $                 $              $                $             $
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                1,014,834       1,014,834        1,014,834                —                —            —
   Accrued compensation and employee-related
    liabilities                                           1,269,767       1,269,767        1,269,767               —               —            —
  2021 U.S. Senior Notes                                  1,386,564       1,481,011          859,688           25,633          25,633      570,057
  2021 CAD Senior Notes                                     597,892         637,380           12,180          625,200              —            —
  2024 CAD Senior Notes                                     747,001         846,508           28,562          349,284         468,662           —
  2025 U.S. Senior Notes                                    894,509       1,105,226           42,831           89,646         972,749           —
  Lease liabilities                                         693,484         779,572          197,735          296,202         177,385      108,250
  Other long-term debt                                       11,869          12,016           11,147              570             204           95
  Clients’ funds obligations                                973,673         973,673          973,673               —               —            —
 Derivative financial liabilities
  Cash flow hedges of future revenue                         58,536
      Outflow                                                              1,602,133            505,880        845,772         250,481            —
      (Inflow)                                                            (1,632,658)          (492,218)      (865,405)       (275,035)           —
  Cross-currency swaps                                      139,191
      Outflow                                                              2,797,646         133,358         1,127,564       1,499,067      37,657
      (Inflow)                                                            (2,691,418)       (153,134)       (1,059,582)     (1,442,517)    (36,185)
                                                          7,787,320        8,195,690       4,404,303         1,434,884       1,676,629     679,874




                                                                                                           Between one         Between
                                                             Carrying      Contractual         Less than           and    three and five       Beyond
As at September 30, 2024                                      amount        cash flows          one year    three years           years     five years
                                                                    $               $                 $              $                $             $
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                  999,790         999,790            999,790              —                —             —
   Accrued compensation and employee-related
    liabilities                                           1,165,903       1,165,903        1,165,903               —               —             —
  2021 U.S. Senior Notes                                  1,342,758       1,462,053           24,191          847,526          24,868       565,468
  2021 CAD Senior Notes                                     597,212         650,400           12,600           25,200         612,600            —
  2024 CAD Senior Notes                                     746,144         879,191           30,623          361,245         487,323            —
  Lease liabilities                                         620,095         697,298          173,061          254,475         166,326       103,436
  Other long-term debt                                        2,194           2,312            1,028              823             197           264
  Clients’ funds obligations                                504,515         504,515          504,515               —               —             —
 Derivative financial liabilities
  Cash flow hedges of future revenue                         23,277
      Outflow                                                                744,758            186,439        545,077          13,242             —
      (Inflow)                                                              (758,162)          (175,510)      (568,052)        (14,600)            —
  Cross-currency swaps                                        9,500
      Outflow                                                              1,496,435          26,090          353,834        1,116,511           —
      (Inflow)                                                            (1,518,971)        (40,681)        (381,060)      (1,097,230)          —
                                                          6,011,388        6,325,522       2,908,049        1,439,068        1,309,237      669,168




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                        64
138 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)
As at September 30, 2025, the Company held cash and cash equivalents, funds held for clients, short-term investments and
long-term investments of $1,874,007,000 ($1,995,413,000 as at September 30, 2024). The Company also had available
$1,496,248,000 in unsecured committed revolving credit facility ($1,496,355,000 as at September 30, 2024). As at
September 30, 2025, trade accounts receivable amounted to $1,343,282,000 (Note 4) ($1,117,712,000 as at
September 30, 2024). Given the Company’s available liquid resources as compared to the timing of the payments of liabilities,
management assesses the Company’s liquidity risk to be low.

CREDIT RISK
The Company takes on exposure to credit risk, which is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to pay amounts in full when
due. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable, work in progress, long-term investments and derivative financial instruments with a positive
fair value. The maximum exposure of credit risk is generally represented by the carrying amount of these items reported on the
consolidated balance sheets.
The Company is exposed to credit risk in connection with long-term investments through the possible inability of borrowers to
meet the terms of their obligations. The Company mitigates this risk by investing primarily in high credit quality corporate and
government bonds with a credit rating of A- or higher. The application of the low credit exemption had no material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.
The Company has accounts receivable derived from clients engaged in various industries including government; financial
services; manufacturing, retail and distribution; communications and utilities; and health that are not concentrated in any
specific geographic area. These specific industries may be affected by economic factors that may impact trade accounts
receivable. However, management does not believe that the Company is subject to any significant credit risk in view of the
Company’s large and diversified client base and that any single industry or geographic region represents a significant credit
risk to the Company. Historically, the Company has not made any significant write-offs and had low bad debt ratios. The
application of the simplified approach to measure expected credit losses for trade accounts receivable and work in progress
had no material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

The following table sets forth details of the age of trade accounts receivable that are past due:
                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                                       $                        $
Not past due                                                                                   1,195,658               1,005,651
Past due 1-30 days                                                                                92,167                  71,445
Past due 31-60 days                                                                               24,089                  18,352
Past due 61-90 days                                                                               11,284                  11,957
Past due more than 90 days                                                                        26,238                  13,367
                                                                                               1,349,436               1,120,772
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                   (6,154)                 (3,060)
                                                                                               1,343,282               1,117,712

In addition, the exposure to credit risk of cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients and derivatives
financial instruments is limited given that the Company deals mainly with a diverse group of high-grade financial institutions
and that derivatives agreements are generally subject to master netting agreements, such as the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, which provide for net settlement of all outstanding contracts with the counterparty in case of an event
of default.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                    65
                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2025 RESULTS — 139

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


33. Capital risk management

The Company is exposed to risks of varying degrees of significance which could affect its ability to achieve its strategic
objectives for growth. The main objectives of the Company’s risk management process are to ensure that risks are properly
identified and that the capital base is adequate in relation to these risks.
The Company manages its capital to ensure that there are adequate capital resources while maximizing the return to
shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. As at September 30, 2025, total managed capital was
$15,509,222,000 ($14,255,026,000 as at September 30, 2024). Managed capital consists of long-term debt, including the
current portion (Note 14), lease liabilities, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments (Note 11)
and shareholders’ equity. The basis for the Company’s capital structure is dependent on the Company’s expected business
growth and changes in the business environment. When capital needs have been specified, the Company’s management
proposes capital transactions for the approval of the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee and Board of
Directors. The capital risk policy remains unchanged from prior periods.
The Company monitors its capital by reviewing various financial metrics, including Net Debt/Capitalization.
Net debt represents debt (including the current portion and the fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments
related to debt) and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments.
Capitalization is shareholders’ equity plus net debt.
Furthermore, the Company is subject to covenants and ratios contained in its unsecured committed revolving credit facility.
The ratios are as follows:

       -     Leverage ratio, which is the ratio of total debt net of cash and cash equivalent investments to adjusted EBITDA for its
             unsecured committed revolving credit facility for the four most recent quarters. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as
             earnings from continuing operations before finance costs, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring,
             acquisition and related integration costs1.

       -     An interest and rent coverage ratio, which is the ratio of the EBITDAR for the four most recent quarters to the total
             finance costs and the operating rentals in the same periods. EBITDAR is calculated as adjusted EBITDA before rent
             expense1.
These ratios are calculated on a consolidated basis. The Company believes that the results of the current internal ratios are
consistent with its capital management's objectives.
The Company is in compliance with these covenants and ratios and monitors them on an ongoing basis. The ratios are also
reviewed quarterly by the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee. The Company is not subject to any other
externally imposed capital requirements.


1   In the event of an acquisition, the available historical financial information of the acquired company will be used in the computation of the ratios.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024                                                                66
140

Shareholder Information
Shareholder Information Listing                                            Transfer Agent and Registrar
IPO: 1986                                                                  Computershare Investor Services Inc.
Toronto Stock Exchange, April 1992: GIB.A                                  320 Bay Street, 14th Floor
New York Stock Exchange, October 1998: GIB                                 Toronto, ON M5H 4A6
Number of shares outstanding as of September 30, 2025:                     Telephone: 1 800 564-6253
195,939,991 Class A subordinate voting shares                              www.investorcentre.com/service
24,122,758 Class B shares (multiple voting)
                                                                           Investor Relations
High/Low of share price from October 1, 2024
                                                                           For further information about the Company, additional copies
to September 30, 2025:
                                                                           of this report, or other financial information, please contact:
                                 TSX (CDN$)                 NYSE (U.S.$)
                                                                           CGI Inc.
High:                             175.35                      122.79       Investor Relations
Low:                              121.69                        87.26      Email: ir@cgi.com
                                                                           Web: cgi.com/investors
                                                                           1350 René-Lévesque Blvd West,
The certifications required by National Instrument 52-109
                                                                           25th floor
Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
                                                                           Montréal, Quebec H3G 1T4
whereby CGI’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                           Canada
certify the accuracy of the information contained in CGI’s Annual
                                                                           Tel.: 514-841-3200
Information Form, Annual Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements, and Annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis                Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
are available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ website
                                                                           The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will be held virtually
at www.sedarplus.ca. Similar certifications required by
                                                                           on January 28, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Standard Time) via live
Rule 13a-14(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
                                                                           webcast at https://www.icastpro.ca/ukd54d (Password: CGI2025).
as amended, and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
                                                                           Shareholders will have the opportunity to participate in real time
are attached as exhibits to our Form 40-F, which is available on
                                                                           and vote at the Meeting online in the manner set forth in CGI’s
EDGAR at www.sec.gov. The certification required by Section
                                                                           Management Proxy Circular, through a web-based platform,
303A.12(c) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual is also filed
                                                                           regardless of their geographic location.
annually with the New York Stock Exchange. CGI is a foreign
private issuer, as defined under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and files disclosure documents in
accordance with the multijurisdictional disclosure system (MJDS).
As such, many of the corporate governance rules applicable to
U.S. domestic companies are not applicable to CGI. However,
CGI’s corporate governance practices generally conform to those
followed by U.S. domestic companies under the New York Stock
Exchange listing standards, other than with respect to certain
specific rules, including that CGI requires shareholder approval of
share compensation arrangements involving the issuances of new
shares, but does not require such approval if the compensation
arrangement involves only shares purchased in the open market,
consistent with the laws applicable to CGI. A summary of these
practices is provided in the report of the Corporate Governance
Committee contained in CGI’s Management Proxy Circular, which
is available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ website
at www.sedarplus.ca, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on CGI’s
website at www.cgi.com.

Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Insights you can act on
Founded in 1976, CGI is among the largest IT and
business consulting services firms in the world.
We are insights-driven and outcomes-focused
to help accelerate returns on your investments.
Across hundreds of locations worldwide,
we provide comprehensive, scalable and
sustainable IT and business consulting services
that are informed globally and delivered locally.
cgi.com/investors
Contact: ir@cgi.com

© 2025 CGI Inc.
