                   CGI Group Inc.




              2015 Annual Report


   CGI’s 2015 Annual Report is comprised
          of two separate volumes:

       Volume 1: 2015 Annual Review

                                 &

       Volume 2: Fiscal 2015 Results




Volume 1 of the Annual Report
     follows this page.
         (this page does not form part of the Annual Report)
                              Business and IT consulting
                                    Systems integration
                                   IT managed services
2015 Annual Review            Business process services




                      BUILDING ON
                        40 YEARS
                     OF COMMITMENT
                         In 2016, we enter our 40th year in business —
                         a milestone that is founded upon a deep
                         commitment to listening to our clients, providing
                         innovative services and solutions, and
                         consistently delivering operational excellence.

                         This past year, we continued our tradition of
                         meeting regularly with our clients face‑to‑face
                         through 5,974 client satisfaction
                         assessments and 965 strategic planning
                         interviews to ensure we remain best
                         positioned to help drive our clients’ business
                         outcomes. This Annual Review brings you the
                         insights of our 2015 conversations, including an
                         overview of our clients’ priorities and how CGI is
                         responding to fulfill their needs.




Our client commitment:
To listen, innovate
and deliver
                                                      2015 ANNUAL REVIEW




                          BUILDING ON
                          40 YEARS OF
                          COMMITMENT




     CONTENTS
2    Building on 40 years of commitment
     Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board Serge Godin and
     President and Chief Executive Officer Michael E. Roach

4    CGI by the numbers
5    2015 Voice of Our Clients

     INDUSTRY INSIGHTS
 6   Financial services
10   Health
12   Utilities
14   Transportation
15   Oil and gas
16   Digital transformation
22   Government
26   Manufacturing
28   Retail and consumer services
30   Communications
31   Post and logistics
32   Innovation@CGI

     ABOUT CGI
36   Corporate social responsibility
38   Global footprint
40   Leadership team
42   The CGI Constitution
43   Looking ahead…




                                                                      1
                            Serge Godin                                      Michael E. Roach
                            Founder and                                      President and
                            Executive Chairman of the Board                  Chief Executive Officer




                            Building on 40 years of commitment
                            As we commemorate our 40th year in business, Serge Godin and Michael E. Roach
                            share the fundamentals of CGI’s long-term success and discuss the company’s
                            exciting journey ahead.

                            2016 marks CGI’s 40th year in business. At the time of our founding, personal computers were in
                            their infancy and the establishment of an IT services company was certainly a new phenomenon.
                            What has guided CGI through all the change over the past four decades?
                            Serge: We conceived this company to be more than a place of work—we are a family. The overarching
                            goal we have had from the beginning is our collective dream: To create an environment in which we enjoy
                            working together and, as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of. This dream
                            includes the principles by which our members enjoy working together and feel empowered, as owners,
                            to best serve the needs of our clients.
                            Michael: The fact that CGI began with a dream has been a powerful motivator. There is nothing in the
                            dream that talks about the physical size and financial assets of the company. The dream is centered on
                            the core of our business — our people. They care about this company and are deeply committed to
                            providing the expertise and capabilities needed to help our clients reach their full potential. A testament
                            of this commitment is the fact that a vast majority of our members are shareholders of the company;
                            they pay attention to the details of our day-to-day operations and have completely engaged their hearts,
                            minds and talents to helping our clients.
                            Serge: We also are guided by the CGI Management Foundation, which includes the CGI Constitution—
                            our dream, vision, mission and values — and our common policies, frameworks, processes, operational
                                                                                                                                                             principles and measures.
                            CGI Management Foundation
                                                                                                                                                             The Foundation includes
                             I
                             S
                                 CGI Constitution
                                Dream Vision Mission Values
                                                                           Code
                                                                         of Ethics
                                                                                       Human Resources
                                                                                           Policies
                                                                                                                Financial
                                                                                                                 Policies
                                                                                                                                 Security
                                                                                                                                 Policies
                                                                                                                                                   Quality
                                                                                                                                                   Policy    everything needed to run and
                             O
                                Strategic Directions          Corporate and Operations             Organizational Model                      Management      build a business and is uniformly
                                      and Plans                         Governance                    and Adjustments                        Frameworks
                             9
                             0                     Business Unit Processes                                           Corporate Processes                     applied across the company
                             0
                             1                Assignment      Managing       Engagement      Business     Business Unit     Innovation, IP                   to ensure the consistent,
                                Business         and              for           Risk        Development   Performance       and Efficiency         Financial
                             C Development    Recruitment    Excellence      Management     Health Check     Review          Investments         Management  high-quality execution of our
                             E
                                         Client Partnership Management Framework
                             R
                             T                             IT Management
                                                                                                                Member
                                                                                                              Partnership
                                                                                                                                         Shareholder
                                                                                                                                          Partnership
                                                                                                                                                             commitments, no matter where
                                                                                                                                                             CGI delivers in the world.
                                                            Best Practices
                             I Proposal     Contract                             Delivery    Closing         Management                  Management
                             F                             Engagement                                         Framework                   Framework
                                                           Governance
                             I
                             E                                                                             Integration                  Relationship
                                                                                                                                                             It has allowed us to aspire to




    © 2015 CGI Group Inc.
                                                                                               •                   •
                             D
                                                                       Consulting,             •
                                                                                          Business
                                                                                                           Team meetings
                                                                                                                   •
                                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                        Disclosure
                                                                                                                                                             become an institution that
                             O  Technology         Application           System                            Performance
                             P  Management        Management Integration and
                                                                                               •
                                                                                          Process
                                                                                        Management
                                                                                                           management &
                                                                                                                                        guidelines           also remains entrepreneurial,
                             E                                        Development                          career planning
                                                                                                                   •                   Communications
                             R
                             A                                                                 •           Leadership Institute                              and has brought us to where
                             T
                             I                                 Client                                           Member                   Shareholder         we  are today as one of the largest
                                                          Satisfaction                                        Satisfaction                Satisfaction
                             O
                             N                            Assessment                                         Assessment                  Assessment          IT and business process
                             S                               Program                                            Program                     Program
                                                                                                                                                             services providers in the world.


2
                                                                                             2015 ANNUAL REVIEW




This Annual Review shares the collective insights of our conversations with clients throughout
the year, along with how we have helped them deliver greater value to their customers and
citizens. How do clients fit within CGI’s business model?
Serge: Operational excellence is a part of CGI’s DNA. We hold client satisfaction meetings throughout
the year to understand what we have done well and where we can improve. In addition, each
year we consult with clients through our strategic planning process to understand their top business
and IT priorities and to ensure we align our priorities with theirs. All of these conversations are
held face-to-face, which is an important differentiator in terms of how we interact with our clients.
This is how we embed continuous improvement into our business model.
Michael: In our business, everything begins and ends with the client. Throughout the years, they
have told us where they are going and what they need from us, and we have continuously responded
through the growth of our client proximity and global delivery models. Our proximity model locates
CGI’s operations where our clients make their most important business decisions. We are there to
provide the local commitment, accountability and responsiveness required to be their partner and
expert of choice. We complement this by sharing the expertise of our members from around the world
who bring ideas, solutions and best practices to complement that local commitment. We work
with clients to determine together the best way to get the work done, including on premises, onshore,
nearshore and offshore—all based upon clients’ ingredients of value: price, quality and risk management.

The insights from this year’s conversations with clients point to a clear sense of urgency
to advance their digital transformation agendas. How can CGI help them do this?
Serge: We live in a fast-changing world full of tremendous opportunities, and customers and citizens
are expecting more. As clients go through this digital revolution, IT is central to any productivity
quest. Worldwide spending on IT services continues to increase, and clients are seeking a partner
that can help them make the best use of their investments and implement the right strategies
and solutions that will enable them to become customer-centric digital organizations.
Michael: The state of technology has evolved to a point where you can rapidly connect and leverage
it to transform how you do your business. Digital transformation aligns both the business and
IT sides of our clients’ operations — it is central to their growth strategies. As you read through this
Annual Review, each section highlights how we are engaged in helping clients with an effective
response — one that drives the innovation required to accelerate their business outcomes. We are
proud to play an integral role in this exciting journey. We have the expertise and capabilities
required to best help our clients succeed in the digital world.

Looking ahead to the next 40 years, what can clients expect from CGI?
Michael: Clients want to partner with our company because we are committed to continuing to build and
expand our business now and into the future. Accordingly, clients can trust that when they sign a
long-term business agreement, they can count on us to be there to deliver on our promises. Our business
model is built to grow and last. Clients can expect CGI to continue our commitment of growing and
adding new capabilities to best serve them around the world. Thank you for 40 exceptional years. It has
been quite a journey, and I assure you that the best is yet to come.
Serge: CGI is a consolidator and will remain a consolidator. In the coming years, only a handful of
IT services firms will remain, and CGI will be one of them. Over the past 40 years, we have doubled the
size of the company on average every 4 years, and our strategic aspiration is to double its size
again so we can continue to best serve you, our clients. To all those with whom we have had the
privilege of working, thank you. The future has never looked so exciting.


                                                                                                             3
CGI by the numbers
CGI is a financially strong and growing company with four decades of proven performance.
Our global reach, combined with our proximity model of serving clients from 400 locations across
40 countries, provides the scale and immediacy required to rapidly respond to client needs.
Our experts apply deep domain knowledge and cross-industry insights to help clients innovate
to deliver greater value to their customers and citizens.

Fiscal 2015 results
• Revenue of $10.3 billion
• Backlog of $20.7 billion
                                                                                  65,000 ı $10.3B                 2015
• Bookings of $11.6 billion

History of profitable growth
CGI has experienced significant growth                                         25,000 ı $3.5B                2006
through the disciplined execution of our “Build
and Buy” profitable growth strategy—growth
that has been key to fulfilling our vision of                           1,800 ı $122M                1996
being a world-class IT and business process
services leader helping our clients succeed.
                                                               450 ı $22M               1986


                                 2 ı $138,000
                                                   1976                              All figures in Canadian dollars




       Our footprint
       • One of the largest independent IT and business process services companies in the world
       • 65,000 professionals (more than 50,000 are shareholders)
       • 400 locations across 40 countries representing more than 80% of IT spend worldwide
       • 10 focused industries representing 90% of IT spend worldwide
       • 5,000 clients across the globe

       Our delivery
       • 9/10 client satisfaction score
       • Project delivery 95% on time and within budget
       • End-to-end IT and business process services
       • More than 150 mission-critical, CGI-built solutions




4
                                                                                           2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

2015 Voice of Our Clients
CGI’s Voice of Our Clients program involves annual, in-person, in-depth interviews to have a
dialogue with clients across our targeted industries. The insight gained from listening to our clients’
top priorities enables us to refine our thinking, inform our investments and evolve our strategy to
best serve as their partner and expert of choice.

In 2015, we held 965 in-person, in-depth client interviews — 44% with business executives
and 56% with IT leaders — across 10 industries and 17 countries. Globally, clients are focused
on becoming customer-centric digital organizations and their IT priorities are aligned with
the business to achieve this goal.

                  Top global trends                                             Top IT priorities

• Meet increasing customer/citizen expectations            • Transform the organization and connect with all
  for improved services anywhere, anytime                    stakeholders (customers/citizens, partners, suppliers)
• Become digital organizations to meet customer              to become a digital enterprise
  and citizen expectations                                 • Drive IT modernization to become more agile and
• Meet increasing regulatory compliance requirements         reduce the cost to “run” day-to-day operations to
                                                             invest in “change” to transform into a digital enterprise
• Address ongoing cost/budget pressures
                                                           • Develop the capabilities to deliver the benefits of
• Protect the organization through cybersecurity             big data and business insight
                                                           • Protect stakeholders through enhanced cybersecurity
                                                           • Embrace new delivery models to align costs with
                                                             revenue and reduce “run” and “change” costs at the
                                                             same time (SaaS, cloud, managed services/outsourcing)




                                             CGI’s Voice of Our Clients program is an in-person conversation that we
                                             have with clients — both business and IT executives — to understand what
                                             they are looking for from us as their service provider and where they need
                                             technology to move their business forward. The conversations this year
                                             were dominated by one central theme: digital transformation. Certainly,
                                             it’s easier to be digital if you are just entering the market. However, most
                                             of our clients and the industries in which they operate are mature and
                                             have complex, integrated IT platforms. That complexity requires a partner
                                             that can help them on their digital journeys: from consulting services to
                                             determine the best-fit digital transformation approach, to innovative digital
                                             solutions and related systems integration work, to IT outsourcing and
                                             business process services that lower the costs and complexity of running
                                             and transforming systems. This year’s Annual Review provides evidence of
                                             how CGI is helping clients embark on their digital journeys and succeed in
                                             reaching their destination.
                                             George D. Schindler, Chief Operating Officer, CGI




                                                                                                                         5
FINANCIAL SERVICES

Accelerating digital transformation
to future business models
CGI serves 22 of the top 30 banks in the world and 13 of the top 20 global insurers. Our work
spans across the retail, capital markets and transaction banking sectors, as well as the P&C and life
and annuity insurance sectors. We partner with clients to help accelerate transformation to digital
business models, modernize and automate legacy infrastructures, and implement regulatory and
cybersecurity controls.

We listen.
As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning process, we conducted 200 in-person interviews with financial services
clients in 14 countries to discuss industry trends and their top business and IT priorities.




                                                                        Top industry trends
                   Mounting and complex regulations and standards                                                        63%

                Fast evolving customer and ecosystem expectations                                                        63%

                Explosive growth of big data and predictive analytics                                        49%

                                  Accelerating digital transformation                                      47%

                  Significant business erosion from new competition                                    42%


                                                                        0%          20%            40%             60%         80%
                                                                                              % of respondents

                                                                        Top IT priorities

                                                                        • Driving competitive advantage and growth
                                                                          by transforming to digital business models and
                                                                          delivering value-add services
                                                                        • Meeting global control requirements in the digital world
                                                                          through compliance and cybersecurity capabilities
                                                                        • Delivering personalized, real-time and value-add
                                                                          services through actionable customer intelligence
                                                                          and insight
                                                                        • Improving customer experience through digital,
                                                                          omni‑channel service delivery
                                                                        • Reducing “run” costs and accelerating digital
                                                                          transformation “change” spend through
                                                                          IT modernization and automation




6
                                                                                               2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

We innovate. We deliver.
In response to these trends and priorities, CGI is innovating in critical areas such as digital transformation, payments
modernization, product rating/configuration and cybersecurity to deliver the business outcomes that clients need
to succeed.

                                                       Banking
                  Areas of innovation                                            Business outcomes
Addressing budget pressures: As more banks move                • Substantially reduced “run” budgets, freeing up “change”
from “run” to “change” budgets, CGI is providing support         budgets
through IT roadmap development, legacy infrastructure          • Shift from CapEx to OpEx
transformation, SaaS/cloud technology deployment and           • Global best-in-breed platforms for growth and enhanced
outsourcing. (CGI is positioned as a “Leader” in the Everest     client satisfaction
IT Outsourcing in Banking – Service Provider Landscape with
PEAK Matrix™ Assessment 2015.)

Digital business transformation: We provide enterprise         • 360 degree view of customers through in-house and
digital transformation services — from strategy development      external data sources
and advanced data analytics, to omni-channel delivery,         • Proof-of-concepts for new technologies (e.g., block chain)
customer journey automation and more.                          • Agile development and delivery of new value-add services
                                                               • Deployment of omni-channel capabilities

Payments modernization: We’re deeply involved with             • Industry and bank payments modernization design
payment infrastructure modernization at the international        and implementation
level and with our banking clients, as well as providing       • Implementation of new customer-centric, value-add
systems that process and screen trillions of dollars in          payment services
transactions per day.                                          • Increased efficiencies in payment business services across
                                                                 the bank

Compliance and cybersecurity: CGI helps banks to drive         • Innovative self-learning technologies and tools
compliance with new regulations, manage risks and adopt        • Advanced data analytics and real-time insight
best-in-class cybersecurity capabilities for enhanced          • Minimized risks through managed security services
business control and performance.




        CGI is a key strategic transformation partner for BMO to meet the needs of our customers.
         Steve Tennyson, CIO, BMO Bank of Montreal
         Toronto, Canada




                                       cgi.com/financial-services                                                             7
FINANCIAL SERVICES

                                                      Insurance
                   Areas of innovation                                              Business outcomes
Cyber insurance: In this emerging area, we help                  • Delivery of the right cyber insurance products at the right
insurers enter the world of cyber insurance, providing an          time as part of the underwriting process
understanding of cybersecurity and insurance from all            • Minimized risks through managed security services
angles and delivering end-to-end cyber insurance services
and solutions.

Product strategy and management: Through proven                  • Ability to test and deploy products and product scenarios
solutions such as Ratabase, CGI empowers insurers to design,       more efficiently and effectively
build and release new products in the fastest possible time.     • Solutions that can be integrated on a wide range
Using advanced technologies such as the Internet of Things         of platforms and best-in-class implementation and
(IoT) and data analytics, we also help insurers better assess      consulting services
insurable risks, such as driving behavior and health conditions, • Development of products that address customers’ unique
resulting in fewer claims and lower premiums.                      needs through the power of data analytics and IoT

Insurance risk information: CGI’s insurance risk information     • Ability to manage information, spot patterns, analyze
platform shares vast amounts of data across the insurance          trends and adapt strategies to drive competitive advantage
value chain and turns valuable insight into opportunities. For
Canada-based clients, we deliver more than 15 million risk
information reports annually to insurers, brokers and agents.

Core systems transformation: CGI supports core insurance         • Development and launch of new value-add services
systems transformation for more than 200 insurers worldwide,     • Faster time-to-market
using advanced digital, data analytics and customer              • Enhanced customer experience
management technologies.




8
                                                                                              2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

 LähiTapiola extends outsourcing contract with CGI to reduce
“run” costs and accelerate transformation through new ICT
 delivery model
After a two and a half year partnership, Finland’s largest insurance company LähiTapiola extended its outsourcing contract
with CGI to 2021 to transform the delivery of information and communications technology (ICT) services within the
company to meet its future needs. Facing an extensive merger that required the completion of major information systems
projects and the need for more efficient and flexible ICT services, LähiTapiola formed a joint venture called LTC-Otso with
CGI to outsource its internal IT unit.
Through the new delivery model and resources, LähiTapiola is benefitting from reduced “run” costs, enabling more
investment in “change” initiatives, including digital transformation technologies that are driving new innovative services for
its customers. LTC-Otso is leveraging a shared service center in Finland, as well as offshore resources, to deliver the cost
savings and new technologies.

     LähiTapiola made the transition from an internal IT unit to outsourced ICT services. Through this joint
     venture, LähiTapiola and CGI have developed a high-quality partnership whose results have had an
     impact on both companies.
     Mikko Vastela, CIO, LähiTapiola
     Espoo, Finland




CGI-built solutions that deliver business results
• Our financial software solutions enable the transfer of $5 trillion per day across the globe.
• We have completed more than 350 implementations of our collections, recoveries and loan
  origination solutions.
• CGI’s sanctions screening software, HotScan, filters 64% of the world’s foreign exchange trades.
• Our trade finance SaaS platform, CGI Trade360, supports global trade finance services for
  more than 30,000 portal users in over 80 countries.
• More than $1 trillion in assets are managed through CGI portfolio management, investment fund
  and plan administration solutions.
• More than 160 private- and public-sector organizations in 10 countries leverage CGI’s treasury
  and asset management solutions.
• CGI’s Ratabase rating and pricing engine has been successfully implemented for more than 100 P&C
  and life insurers.
• CGI delivers more than 15 million risk information reports annually to insurers, brokers and agents.




                                      cgi.com/financial-services                                                           9
HEALTH

Enabling better decisions
and outcomes through insights
CGI serves clients across health delivery, payment, research, development and regulation.
Our solutions and services support more than 1,000 health facilities, 3 million providers,
6 billion health records and health payers serving more than 195 million people.

We listen.
As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning process, we conducted 55 in-person interviews with health clients in
9 countries to better understand the challenges of this dynamic industry. Rising costs and consumer expectations
are driving the need to extend legacy systems and exploit mobility, the cloud and shared services. While analytics are
increasingly important, cybersecurity remains low on the agenda despite several high-profile breaches.




                                                                           Top industry trends
                  Containing costs as increases become unsustainable                                                           72%

                        Aging populations that require more costly care                                               59%

   Increasing consumer expectation for service quality and transparency                                               59%

                    Health reform driving significant regulatory changes                                            57%

                  Changing culture from fee-for-service to pay-for-value                                      49%


                                                                           0%          20%            40%           60%          80%
                                                                                                 % of respondents

                                                                           Top IT priorities

                                                                           • Harmonizing and extending legacy systems
                                                                           • Gaining insight through enterprise analytics for supply
                                                                             chain R&D, clinical and organizational understanding
                                                                           • Improving data management and transparency
                                                                           • Improving operational efficiency by leveraging cloud,
                                                                             shared services and business process outsourcing
                                                                           • Enabling mobility for patient outreach and
                                                                             workforce productivity




10
                                                                                                   2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

We innovate. We deliver.
In response to our clients’ challenges and opportunities, CGI has focused our innovation on improving efficiency,
decisions and outcomes in health.

                  Areas of innovation                                                Business outcomes
Health analytics: Our Data2Diamonds, Patient Safety as            • Improved patient safety
a Service and Health Enterprise Optimization solutions            • Resource optimization
help clients derive valuable business insights from data.         • Fraud prevention

Patient-centered care: CGI CommunityCare360 enables               • Empowered consumers, patients and care workers
mobility and streamlines care delivery by connecting              • Care plan visibility to all stakeholders
patients, clinicians, home care workers and                       • More time with patients
first responders.

Financial management: Our Managed Technology +                    • Lower costs for managing equipment
Equipment Service for IT and medical equipment                    • Reallocation of resources for service
outsourcing allows clients to focus on transformation,              delivery transformation
not technology.

Claims fraud, waste and abuse: CGI’s solution and                 • Identification of potential recoveries from medical
services for reducing claims fraud, waste and abuse                 and pharmacy claims
has helped payers recover $2.1 billion in lost payments.          • Significant cost savings
We also help detect, remedy and prevent claims fraud,
pre- and post-payment.

Enterprise content management: CGI’s Sovera solution              • Enhanced productivity and reduced costs
streamlines processes for more than 1,000 health facilities       • Improved revenue cycle management
and manages over 6 billion patient records.

Interoperability: CGI’s e-CareLogic Integrated Clinical           • Support for the whole patient pathway
Electronic Records system integrates with various clinical        • Preserve the value of existing systems
systems within the hospital and across care settings.

R&D: CGI helps pharmaceutical and life sciences firms             • Lower costs
manage a diverse R&D pipeline.                                    • Improved regulatory compliance

Cybersecurity as a service: CGI helps clients improve             • Higher levels of privacy, security and
their security and privacy postures using our expert                regulatory compliance
staff and technology via our global Security Operations           • Reduced costs
Centers that continuously identify and monitor
cyber threats.


  Harnessing the power of health data and analytics
  CGI partners with clients to derive valuable insights through data visualization, predictive and prescriptive analytics,
  and other analytics techniques.
  • Predictive analytics review past behavior to “predict” likely outcomes. Through our services and solutions to reduce
    claims fraud, waste and abuse, we help healthcare payers detect potential fraud and risks before they happen.
  • Prescriptive analytics evaluate the impact of likely outcomes to “prescribe” the best possible outcome. CGI’s Health
    Enterprise Optimization solution helps hospitals optimize operating room scheduling strategies and understand how
    decisions made in one area of the hospital would affect the hospital as a whole. Our Patient Safety Service gives hospitals
    a better ability to predict and prevent harmful events affecting patient safety.
  • Seeing data points in a graph or diagram is critical, particularly as volumes of data get exponentially larger. We help
    clients use data visualization to analyze patterns in hospital visits, for example, to identify ways to reduce costs while
    maintaining or improving patient health.
  These are just a few CGI innovations in health analytics, and we are pursuing others in genomics and beyond.

       We successfully completed an innovative prescriptive analytics project, the first of its kind in healthcare in
       Canada, to identify the best possible options in terms of quality of care, access to care and cost of care. The CGI
       Enterprise Optimizer for Healthcare is a powerful decision support tool to model and measure the impacts of a
       given decision or action on all processes in the hospital or organization.
       Dr. Lawrence Rosenberg, President & CEO, Integrated Health & Social Services
       University Network for West‑Central Montréal and Professor of Surgery & Medicine, McGill University
       Montréal, Canada



                                                   cgi.com/health                                                                11
UTILITIES

Transforming the digital customer experience
while achieving operational excellence
CGI works with more than 250 electric, water and gas clients worldwide and is a partner to
8 of the 10 largest utilities in both Europe and North America. Our utility offerings cover the
entire supply chain — from generation to transmission and distribution to retail supply.

We listen.
Utilities are investing in advancing technologies, including digital, mobile, cloud, big data and cybersecurity, to drive
operational excellence, particularly in the areas of compliance and security, and to deliver a more retail-like customer
experience. As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning process, we held 85 in-person interviews with utilities clients
in 15 countries to learn more about their key challenges and opportunities.




                                                                         Top industry trends
            Ever-increasing regulatory pressure and market uncertainty                                                             76%

             Increasing demand for an improved customer experience                                                   58%

                    Growing risk of physical and cybersecurity threats                                       48%

      Uncertainty around the business case for smart meters and grids                                  39%

                           Increasing impact of severe weather events                           30%


                                                                         0%           20%            40%            60%            80%
                                                                                                % of respondents

                                                                         Top IT priorities

                                                                         • Supporting digital customer engagement and the
                                                                           transition to a new energy provisioning system by
                                                                           aligning digital technologies
                                                                         • Reducing risk and improving compliance with
                                                                           regulations by allocating a greater share of the IT budget
                                                                           to cybersecurity
                                                                         • Gaining greater operational visibility and control by
                                                                           converging and modernizing information and
                                                                           operational technologies
                                                                         • Responding more effectively to regulatory changes
                                                                           in both the operational and commercial business areas
                                                                         • Generating more insight and value across operations
                                                                           by better managing real-time data




12                                                  cgi.com/utilities
                                                                                                 2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

We innovate. We deliver.
CGI helps major utilities worldwide transform mission-critical business areas through innovative, award-winning solutions,
end-to-end services and global delivery capabilities.

                  Areas of innovation                                             Business outcomes
Optimized network utility: CGI develops and implements          • Holistic view to maximize smart grid investments
transformation strategies, roadmaps and technologies for        • Strategies to achieve business objectives
building and running an optimized network utility.              • Better balancing of stakeholder expectations

Enterprise asset management: CGI’s Asset & Resource             • Improved asset performance at reduced cost
Management (ARM) suite manages all transmission and             • Improved regulatory compliance
distribution of utility work, assets and resources.             • More efficient, integrated workflows and systems

Digital customer service solutions: We deliver             • Increased customer insight and customer-centric
customer-centric solutions for managing billing, payments,   services
energy efficiency, product launches and more, including    • Launch of new products/services to meet evolving
Realtime Energy eXchange (REX), which connects               customer needs
clusters of end users to energy trading markets for buying • Increased stability of energy prices by “unlocking”
and selling energy.                                          flexibility

Network operations: From real-time monitoring to                • Increased network automation and efficiencies
outage management to cybersecurity, our advanced                • Improved response to outages and severe
network solutions leverage innovative grid, meter and             weather events
data technologies to drive value.                               • Improved customer service and regulatory compliance

IT-OT convergence: CGI was named a “market leader”              • Increased enterprise data sharing and value
in IT-OT integration in a 2014–2015 Ovum report based           • Identification of potential IT-OT use cases
on our best-of-breed IT-OT integration services and             • Increased agility in responding to evolving demands
high-profile client projects, such as for Energias de
Portugal (EDP).

Production/generation: CGI’s award-winning RMS                  • Remote monitoring and control to lower costs
solution controls 6,000 turbines on 300 wind farms in           • Faster reaction to failures to decrease downtime
9 countries for Energias de Portugal Renewables (EDPR).         • Enhanced safety, reliability and security

Central energy markets: CGI built and implemented               • Improved data collection, analysis, transparency
11 of the world’s central market energy clearing houses           and access
and was selected to develop and run the UK’s core water         • Faster processing time and reduced errors
central market system, starting in 2017.                        • Enhanced flexibility, scalability and security

Smart technologies: CGI’s involvement with high‑profile         • Better data management and more data insight
smart grid projects such as Low Carbon London                   • More consumer choice and improved service quality
has led to our recognition as a smart grids systems             • Integration with systems, networks and market players
integrator worldwide.




   Partnering with Smart DCC Limited for the Great Britain
   Smart Metering Implementation Programme
   Great Britain is one of the most liberalized and consistently competitive
   energy markets in the world. To minimize barriers to consumers in choosing
   their energy supplier, Britain is implementing the Data Communication
   Company (DCC) at the heart of the market. CGI is developing and
   implementing and will operate the solution that will link gas and electricity
   meters with the business systems of utility companies needed to deliver the £18.8 billon of consumer, economic and
   environmental gross benefits of smart metering.

        The challenge of providing secure access for all the retail energy suppliers and distribution businesses to
        the 53 million gas and electricity smart meters that are being deployed across Great Britain is unparalleled
        anywhere in the world. CGI is bringing its wealth of experience in smart metering in liberalized markets to
        the development, implementation and operations of the systems that will enable the DCC to provide secure
        access to Britain’s smart metering infrastructure.
        Jonathan Simcock, Managing Director, Smart DCC Ltd.
        London, United Kingdom



                                                                                                                        13
TRANSPORTATION

Improving the passenger experience
and achieving efficiencies
CGI partners with 140 clients in the aviation, rail, maritime, and road and regional transit sectors,
providing expertise and solutions that enhance the overall passenger experience, drive innovation and improve
operational efficiencies.

We listen.
As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning process, CGI held 38 in-person interviews with transportation clients in
11 countries to better understand the market dynamics they face and the resulting strategic priorities. Clients are focusing on
innovative solutions to improve the passenger experience but are challenged by increasing budget pressures. Investments in
technology are viewed as the path to achieving greater efficiencies and increased capacity to respond to the changing transport
landscape despite static budgets.

Top IT priorities                                                          Top industry trends
• Building modern, agile infrastructures                                       Addressing budget pressure                              83%
• Increasing cybersecurity and physical security                        Investing in innovative technologies                 53%
• Investing in digital transformation and mobility                  Managing change in passenger demand                    47%
• Generating more business value from data                      Improving multi-modal transport integration               42%
• Modernizing IT systems                                    Investing in digital transformation and mobility        22%

                                                                                                               0% 20%   40% 60% 80% 100%
                                                                                                                        % of respondents


We innovate. We deliver.
With an in-depth understanding of our clients’ industry and needs, CGI delivers innovative digital business solutions that drive digital
transformation, enhance cybersecurity, optimize the passenger experience and modernize infrastructures and systems.

                    Areas of innovation                                                      Business outcomes
Digital transformation: We provide digital enabling strategies         • Agile infrastructures
and technology to help clients launch innovative offerings             • Intelligent transport systems
and become more efficient. For example, with CGI’s help,               • Enhanced passenger experience
Rijkswaterstaat in the Netherlands converted its road inspectors’      • Improved efficiencies and workforce management
cars into a digital workplace to achieve efficient incident
management and maintenance of their road infrastructures.

Cybersecurity: Our security experts assess, manage and                 • Increased passenger safety
evolve clients’ cybersecurity capabilities to protect against          • Protection from infrastructure attacks
increasing and fast-changing cyber threats.                            • Protection of personal data

Passenger experience: We deliver award-winning customer                • Improved customer service quality
intelligence solutions, such as our mobile apps for train              • Increased passenger satisfaction and loyalty
occupancy (iNStapp), train arrival (My Train) and trip planning        • Greater operational efficiencies
(Helsinki Journey Planner).

Predictive analytics: We help clients capture, analyze and use         • Increased real-time data and insight
real-time data, such as our smart data solution for the Helsinki,      • More effective data management
Finland bus system, and our CGI Traffic360 solution, which is          • Increased performance and lower costs
used to audit toll operators for highway authorities.

IT modernization: CGI drives modernization across the entire           • 360 degree customer visibility
supply chain and supports the aviation and maritime industries         • Increased automation
through our in-flight/on-board retail solutions Pro Logistica          • Streamlined operations and cost savings
and LS NAV. (Currently, 28 airlines worldwide are using the Pro
Logistica platform.)


         We are responsible for transporting approximately 50 million passengers and 10 million parcels per year. To help
         improve the quality of our services and the information we manage, while meeting the demands of our customers’
         growing service needs, we chose to partner with CGI to digitize our operations. CGI provided an end-to-end
         system that enables us to handle ticket sales more effectively with dynamic pricing and schedule information.
         These services are improving the customer experience, increasing service sales through digital channels and
         efficiently optimizing our company’s fleet.

         Jukka Ylitalo, Business Manager, Matkahuolto
         Helsinki, Finland



14                                            cgi.com/transportation
OIL AND GAS                                                                                                  2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

Technology to help achieve
a competitive edge
With a strong track record of delivery excellence, CGI is a partner to all oil and gas majors globally.
We provide services across the entire value chain—from exploration and production, to refining, supply
and distribution, to B2B/B2C retail.

We listen.
As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning process, we conducted 27 in-person interviews with oil and gas clients in
9 countries. In the face of fluctuating prices, geopolitical uncertainty and increasing difficulty in accessing reserves, our clients
are seeking to reduce costs, increase the productivity of reserves, make better use of assets, engage in strategic partnering,
improve compliance and generate more downstream profits — securely, safely and sustainably.


Top IT priorities                                                       Top industry trends
• Mitigate risks from cybersecurity threats                             Responding to revenue pressure                            80%
• Maximize use of new delivery models such as                                Reducing operational costs                          72%
  cloud/SaaS to reduce IT costs                              Implementing digital compliance strategies               28%
• Exploit big data analytics to improve the                               Focusing on emerging markets          12%
  interpretation of data to make better decisions               Addressing geopolitical/security tensions       12%
• Integrate upstream IT to optimize information                  Preparing for security/cyber-attack risks      12%
  quality to deliver immediate value
                                                                                                             0% 20%   40% 60% 80% 100%
                                                                                                                      % of respondents
We innovate. We deliver.
With a significant drop in oil prices, companies face extreme pressures on revenue generation and cost reduction. To help address these
issues and the industry’s trends and priorities, CGI is focused on helping clients design, build and deliver an effective response.

                    Areas of innovation                                                   Business outcomes
Enterprise data analytics: We help clients manage                    • Using data insight as a competitive differentiator
information as a corporate asset across the entire oil and gas       • Unlocking the hidden value of seismic data to enable
value chain and derive insights from geological, production,           better decisions
customer and purchasing data.

Subsurface and wells applications: We manage critical                • Improved exploration and increased recoverable reserves
application portfolios for oil and gas majors.                         while lowering costs and bringing innovation

Hydrocarbon accounting: Our Exploration2Revenue (X2R)                • Reduced total cost of operations
solution optimizes the upstream back office using mobile,            • Ability to focus on core operations
digital and cloud technologies.

Payment and loyalty programs: CGI systems process                    • Significant increase in customer loyalty for retailers,
1.5 billion fuel card transactions and manage $100 billion in          generating profitable growth opportunities
fuel card payments per year.

Cybersecurity: We provide consulting services and manage             • Improved security postures
deployment, run and maintenance for process control
networks in both upstream and downstream operations.

Health, safety and environment: 95% of UK oil and                    • Better management of risk, compliance and incidences
gas offshore personnel movements are tracked by CGI’s                • Effective workforce management
VantagePoB. Our ProSteward360 solution streamlines global
hazardous materials compliance.

Energy trading and risk management: We help clients                  • Increased standardization and efficiency
manage front- and back-office functions, physical settlement         • Cost optimization and regulatory compliance
and logistics.


         Based on our association, and CGI’s deep domain and technical skills in subsurface and wells, we are
         happy to have CGI once again deliver an integral application management service based on a blended
         delivery model.
         Bettina Bachmann, VP Subsurface & Wells Software, Shell Global Solutions
         The Hague, Netherlands



                                                cgi.com/oil-and-gas                                                                15
DIGITAL
transformation
In 2015, we conducted face-to-face interviews with 965 clients—business and IT leaders across the
industries and countries we serve. The clear takeaway from these discussions is that, for the first time
since the global financial crisis in 2008, clients are expanding their business priorities from primarily cost
reduction to a focus on funding revenue growth initiatives, including launching new services and products.
The motivation for this focus is our clients’ quest to become customer-centric digital organizations.
Driving this digital transformation mindset are increasing demands from consumers and citizens who
expect seamless, omni-channel and personal interaction with businesses and governments. Clients also
face intensified regulatory requirements, cybersecurity risks, budget pressures and market disruption from
new digital-first competitors.
Clients find they are struggling to transform to meet these demands. Their business and IT platforms,
which have been built and enhanced over many years, add complexity and cost to their ability to fund
and achieve digital transformation. From a cost perspective, 65% of clients cited that they have not
been able to reduce costs and adjust their IT spend mix to support change investments. Approximately
18% of clients’ CapEx budgets are allocated to support digital transformation, with nearly 60% of clients
confirming they have digital transformation activities underway.
As we support our clients on their digital transformation journeys, CGI is at the forefront of helping clients
lower their costs to fund and drive change.




16
                          2015 ANNUAL REVIEW




Helping to shape
a “Digital France”
Over the past year, CGI has been developing
a vision for the future of the digital industry in
France — an initiative encouraged by the French
government in its quest to make France the “digital
nation” within Europe and around the world.
CGI developed a vision — one of using digital
technology to foster economic growth; of creating
high-quality digital careers, especially among
women; and providing for competitiveness and
security — through multiple meetings with clients
and government officials. In addition, CGI partnered
with four prestigious universities to form a working
group with students, the future digital leaders of
France, to help ensure the vision covered important
subjects related to the digital economy.
In June 2015, CGI released the resulting
comprehensive white paper, “Digital: Seizing an
Opportunity for France,” to government officials,
clients and the public at large. The initiative
continues today, using the white paper and related
efforts to continue the dialogue as CGI helps
advocate for building a digital France.

    CGI has begun contributing to the
    national effort organized by the Conseil
    National du Numérique [French Digital
    Council] at the request of the government,
    besides contributing more generally to
    the innovation ecosystem. All companies
    operating in France should adopt this
    approach of leaving their mark on the
    innovation ecosystem.
    Axelle Lemaire,
    Minister of the Digital Economy,
    France




                                                      17
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION


                                      Enablers
                                      to digital transformation
                                      CGI provides a suite of digital enablers to help clients become customer-centric
                                      digital organizations:
                                      • Digital customer experience: Providing customers and citizens with a
                                        seamless, personalized, omni-channel experience
                                      • Digital insights: Applying big data analytics to better understand customer
                                        and citizen needs and to reduce the costs and complexity of managing data
                                      • Internet of Things: Leveraging smart objects to deliver new, differentiating
                                        services and processes
                                      • New delivery models, including cloud and SaaS: Driving innovation,
                                        flexibility and savings through secure cloud services that provide the
                                        availability and performance clients need
                                      • Payments modernization: Helping clients manage increasing volumes
                                        of transactions through optimized processes and modernizing payment
                                        systems to be flexible, scalable, compliant and secure
                                      • Cybersecurity: Protecting stakeholders by assessing and analyzing
                                        potential risks, continuously monitoring for threats and putting in place
                                        the necessary defenses
                                      • Outsourcing: Managing IT and business functions on behalf of clients to
                                        drive savings and to access best-in-class capabilities
                                      • IT modernization: Providing roadmaps and end-to-end services to
                                        transform legacy business processes, applications and infrastructures
                                        to build a customer-centric digital organization
                                      • IT human capital strategy: Assisting clients with developing an IT workforce
                                        strategy to attract, retain, change and manage the strategic and execution
                                        aspects of the organization
                                      These enablers are pursued in different ways, depending on the type of
                                      industry in which our clients operate. Based on an analysis of our client
                                      interviews and real-world experience, here is how industry leaders are
                                      achieving digital transformation to benefit their top-to-bottom lines.




     Industry type                    Actions of the digital leaders
     Consumer-intensive               Second-generation cloud enablement; wireless everything; digital employees
     (communications, retail and      and agents; collaborative toolsets; ecosystem partnerships and connectivity;
     consumer services, banking)      predictive analytics

     Asset-intensive                  End-customer relationships; social media; aggressive paper elimination;
     (transportation,                 promotion of mobile self-service across employees, clients and agents
     manufacturing, utilities)

     Risk- and investment-intensive   Common platforms and data sets; investment in digital employee tools;
     (oil and gas, insurance,         running e-services; facilitating internal collaboration and cybersecurity
     health, government)




18
Partnering with clients
on their digital journeys
CGI collaborates with clients by bringing practical innovation and business-based solutions
that lower the costs of running their business, enabling them to reinvest these savings into changing
their business. By listening to our clients and understanding their business needs and goals,
we work as an active partner in their digital transformation success. Here are four examples of the
digital enablers at work for our clients.


Redeploying savings to drive transformation
Organizations are struggling to transform in light of the squeeze between top-line pressures and rising costs. Many
organizations find no other option but to throw more resources at IT, sometimes without the alignment to a strategic
roadmap. To avoid runaway budgets, clients need to adopt a clear division between the contribution of IT toward
competitive differentiation and the necessary running of the business.
Through CGI’s IT outsourcing and digital business services solutions — along with our best-fit global delivery options —
CGI can reduce our clients’ IT budgets by 30–40% over time, providing a strong emphasis on IT modernization, the
retirement of old applications, and the adoption of automation tools and processes. Through CGI’s digital business
services, we work with clients to streamline mission-critical processes, enabling them to digitally connect with
stakeholders across boundaries and deliver a digital customer experience at reduced costs. As a result, these savings
can be redeployed to IT initiatives that drive clients’ transformation.


Payments modernization as a core transformation driver
CGI partners with clients to support the convenient, secure and reliable transmission of all messages and transactions
across the payments life cycle. Through the CGI Payments360 offering — an integrated portfolio of solutions and services
that supports transformation across the payment life cycle — we help clients transform business processes and integrate
enabling technologies. As a result, clients are able to move money smarter, while preserving existing investments and
gaining the agility to adapt rapidly to changing customer demands.
From our experience of operating across multiple industries globally, CGI is uniquely positioned to drive transformation
throughout the full payment life cycle and understands how to harness the power of emerging technologies such as block
chain and distributed consensus ledgers.


Securing the business
Businesses and governments are transforming to better serve their customers and citizens in an increasingly digital world.
With greater connection, however, comes increased cybersecurity risk. Today’s reality is that there is no perfect security,
and even the most diligent organizations may be compromised. Yet, citizens and customers want assurance that their
data is secure.
CGI helps build security into every aspect of clients’ operations — from infrastructure and networks, to mobile
applications, to employee education and business continuity. We partner with clients to assess and analyze potential
cyber risks, continuously monitor for threats in real time, put in place the necessary defenses, and ensure continuity of
operations. (Learn more at cgi.com/cyberblog.)


Finding “diamonds” in data
Most organizations have multiple touchpoints for communication — from websites and social media, to sensors, mobile
apps, call centers and physical locations. Digital transformation is the reinvention of these touchpoints, changing the way
relationships are built, data is exchanged, transactions are fulfilled, insights are gained and value is created.
At CGI, we believe that successful digital enterprises combine a customer-centric culture with the pursuit of
operational excellence, which includes ensuring that relevant customer and product data from multiple channels
is made accessible and usable to improve business outcomes. CGI uses big data analytics to help clients gain
business value from data, and our Data2Diamonds methodology provides for the design and implementation of data and
analytics solutions. The more high-quality data you can access (the “diamonds”), the better you can analyze it and the
greater its potential for value. (Learn more at cgi.com/bigdatablog).




                                                           19
This common [GPS] operational tool is the first of its kind in the emergency services that covers the entire chain
of activities from the emergency call center to arrival of help at the scene. The tool provides a shared platform
for all emergency services. The project has already taken a new direction by the prospect of adding the police to
the system.
Janek Laev, Director General, Estonian Response Centre
Tallinn, Estonia


Cyber attacks are increasingly common and the financial impact on victims is considerable. We want to offer our
clients the best possible insurance coverage against these new risks and assistance in case of an attack. To do so,
we feel it’s essential to rely on a precise diagnostic detailing cyber risks to which they are exposed. Our goal is to
offer appropriate customized protection comprising both a risk management plan and coverage in case of loss. The
growing frequency and complexity of cyber attacks today mean that our clients need to optimize their protection
more than ever. That’s why CGI cybersecurity expertise is so crucial. The combined expertise of our two organizations
clearly positions us as trusted security partners for our clients.
Dominique Le Chevallier, Technical Director, Verspieren
Wasquehal, France


CGI is the Official Systems Integration Partner of UK Sport and is working closely with its sport intelligence team
in the development of a sustainable data management and analysis capability that allows UK Sport to maintain
competitive advantage and enhance the quality of decision-making. UK Sport is working with CGI’s digital
transformation team to complement its in-house capabilities in support of its system integration project objectives.
CGI’s support and expertise allows UK Sport to deliver a robust, best-practice solution in a challenging time frame.
Simon Timson, Director of Performance, UK Sport
London, United Kingdom




                                                           20
                                                                                         2015 ANNUAL REVIEW


Select media announcements
from 2015
• City of Edinburgh Council awards seven year £186 million transformational ICT outsourcing and digital services
  contract to CGI (see page 25 for more information)
• CGI launches new offerings to help transaction banks explore transformational change investments for reaching
  strategic goals
• CGI survey on bank consumer preferences: “Accelerate digital transformation to manage ‘financial well-being’
  of clients”
• CGI named as a leader in Global Managed Security Services by NelsonHall
• CGI’s new Finnish Cybersecurity Center to provide around-the-clock local support backed by global resources
• Transport giant DB Schenker expands outsourcing agreement with CGI to cover more mission-critical applications
• ELEXON contracts CGI for three-year £20m business processing and IT outsourcing agreement
• CGI Unify360 manages cloud and traditional IT in single solution: Solution offers clients a holistic view to manage
  all their IT services from one source
• CGI successfully completes data center transformation for Australia’s APA Group
• CGI contracts with multiple Michigan localities to deliver robust SaaS-based enterprise resource planning solution
• North Wales Police selects CGI for a five-year consolidated managed ICT services contract
• Finnish social insurance institution Kela selects CGI to modernize document management
• CGI selected to provide the UK National Security Vetting Solution
• Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Europe outsources IT infrastructure management to CGI
• CGI partners with Estonian agencies to develop innovative emergency response system
• UK Ministry of Defence selects CGI to provide integrated electronic health record information service




                                                                                                                   21
GOVERNMENT

Innovating to deliver
mission-critical digital government services
CGI has helped more than 2,000 government clients in 15 countries build successful transformation
programs. We partner with national, state, provincial and local governments to design and deliver digital
strategies to achieve their transformation objectives in financial and administrative management, public safety
and justice, health and human services, education, environmental protection and more. For defense, intelligence
and space agencies and ministries, we help advance mission objectives in national security, logistics,
operations, communications, simulation, infrastructure, military health, security vetting and earth exploration.

We listen.
As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning process, we conducted 326 in-person interviews with government clients
in 12 countries to discuss sector trends and their top business and IT priorities.

                                                                         Top industry trends
                                                                         National, state, provincial and local
                                        Addressing budget pressure                                                                   75%
                            Managing physical/cybersecurity threats                                                56%
                   Meeting citizen demand for better public services                                              54%
                                        Enabling agile infrastructures                                    45%
                             Preparing to address aging populations                           29%

                                                                         0%          20%            40%            60%               80%
                                                                                               % of respondents

                                                                         Defense and intelligence
                                        Addressing budget pressure                                                                         82%
                            Managing physical/cybersecurity threats                                                            69%
                          Reducing the number of military personnel                                                 58%
                                 Focusing on information superiority                                36%
                 Increasing international cooperation/interoperability                              35%

                                                                         0%          20%            40%            60%               80%
                                                                                               % of respondents



                                                                         Top IT priorities
                                                                         • Enable the creation and delivery of new capabilities
                                                                           and reduce costs through IT modernization
                                                                           and consolidation
                                                                         • Increase efficiency and agility through cloud and
                                                                           agile infrastructure and reusable solutions
                                                                         • Deliver insights to make more informed decisions
                                                                           through data analytics
                                                                         • Protect sensitive data and infrastructure through
                                                                           physical and cybersecurity
                                                                         • Improve citizen and stakeholder services through
                                                                           digital transformation, including mobility




22
                                                                                             2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

We innovate. We deliver.
CGI partners with government organizations around the world to help them achieve their transformation objectives and
provide better services to citizens while improving operational efficiency. In helping our clients, we know the power that
digital technology can bring to enable transformation when the value delivered is clearly aligned to a defined vision
and outcomes.


   DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION ACROSS ALL LEVELS OF GOVERNMENT
We help clients plan and implement solutions to
prepare for the digital future. Innovation is key to this
process. We combine our domain expertise, best
practices, IP solutions and end-to-end services with
                                                                      CGI understood the importance of the project
our vast partnership experience with clients to bring
                                                                      and performed exceptionally well. Together, we
the best ideas and innovative solutions to enable our
                                                                      achieved a major milestone at the 2014 Exercise
clients’ transformation.
                                                                      Noble Ledger where we are assessed as combat
• Digital government: We help public sector                           ready. This achievement is a true example of
  organizations around the world transform the way                    collaboration and innovation.
  they interact with citizens and provide services, while
                                                                      Lieutenant General Volker Halbauer,
  improving operational excellence and reducing costs.
                                                                      Commander HQ, 1 (German/Netherlands) Corps
• Future cities and regions: We deliver scalable                      Münster, Germany
  solutions that help our clients create more livable,
  prosperous, sustainable and safer communities.
  We assist in aligning strategy and roadmaps, enabling
                                                                      Thanks to CGI and CGI Advantage ERP, the
  technology and implementation services to improve
                                                                      State of Alabama is transforming key business
  citizen engagement, human services, transport,
                                                                      processes and delivering a modern, integrated
  tourism, government administration and more.
                                                                      system with all of the enterprise resource
  (Learn more at cgi.com/future-cities.)
                                                                      management capability we need to handle the
• Smart defense: CGI helps military clients leverage                  way we want to do business.
  their current investments while taking advantage of
                                                                      Thomas L. White, Jr., CPA, State Comptroller,
  new ideas and proven technologies. We combine
                                                                      Alabama Department of Finance
  technological, procedural and operational innovation
                                                                      Montgomery, Alabama, United States
  with local, long-term client relationships, and
  provide cost-effective solutions that optimize military
  operations and ensure interoperability between local
  and multinational partners.




                                             cgi.com/government                                                        23
GOVERNMENT

                                             DIGITAL ENABLERS

                         Areas of innovation                                      Business outcomes
Citizen participation: We provide innovative digital solutions, such    • Improved citizen participation
as social media-based crime reporting, electronic voter registration,     in public life
emergency response, digital collaboration and cultural asset            • More engaged communities
digitization, to help governments connect citizens, organizations       • Improved public safety
and local initiatives.

Citizen service: We help clients design and deliver citizen-centric     • Better citizen services
services, and use our IP such as the CGI Atlas360 global contact        • Increased efficiency
center network and SaaS capability to fulfill citizen requests,         • Reduced costs
and our CGI Case Management solution to automate workflow
and collaboration for cases, files and applications.

IT modernization: We help clients modernize and rationalize systems     • Reduced costs and risks
and infrastructure using the cloud, managed services, shared services   • Improved performance and
and onshore delivery, as well as benefits-based funding approaches.       service delivery
                                                                        • Greater agility for changing requirements

Data analytics and integrity: Our Data2Diamonds services help           • Real-time visibility and insight
governments capture, manage, integrate and analyze large amounts of       for better decisions
data, and our data management and analytics solutions allow clients     • Secure information sharing
to provide secure, timely and relevant data in complex and often
hostile environments.

Mobility and the Internet of Things (IoT): We help clients improve      • Increased productivity
citizen service and work efficiency through mobility and IoT            • Ability to serve citizens anywhere,
services and solutions, including our IP for workforce management         anytime
(PragmaCAD), patient-centered healthcare (CGI CommunityCare360),        • Enhanced traffic management
public space management (IBOR) and electric vehicle charging (CiMS).      and sustainability

Cybersecurity: We partner with clients to address security in           • Enhanced security postures
everything they do, from risk assessment, to application development,   • Improved confidence in operations
to monitoring, prevention and business continuity.                      • Greater awareness

Cloud enablement: We enable clients to adopt cloud services             • Reduced risk
with proper governance, security and visibility through our secure      • Greater visibility and insight across
government clouds and CGI Unify360 offering for managing cloud and        cloud and traditional on-premises
on-premises IT in a single solution.                                      IT delivery

Financial management and modernization: CGI’s leading                   • Greater accuracy, accountability
solutions for ERP, tax and collections (including Momentum                and transparency
Enterprise, Raindance ERP, CGI Advantage and CGI Collections360         • Improved financial and
for Government) improve financial and revenue management                  operational performance
for hundreds of clients.                                                • Increased revenue




Delivering secure, reliable,
innovative solutions into space
We work in the space sector to deliver secure, mission-critical
systems for major satellite navigation, earth observation
and satellite communications programs, and our thought
leadership is regularly shared with commercial organizations to
solve their business challenges. We have earned a reputation for
solving technically difficult challenges, helping clients increase
the value of their investments, and providing greater protection
from security threats to assets and information.




24
                                                                                             2015 ANNUAL REVIEW




Transformational ICT outsourcing for the City of Edinburgh Council
CGI has been selected by the City of Edinburgh Council to provide transformational outsourced information and
communications technology (ICT) services to enable the Council’s introduction of integrated digital services,
while delivering efficiency and cost savings. The contract also will improve bandwidth speeds available to primary
and secondary schools, providing students with greater access to online educational tools.
CGI also will update ICT systems across all Council service areas and automate and integrate back-office processes with
a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. The new ERP system will integrate with citizen-facing digital platforms
to enable cost reductions and increased capacity, while improving service quality and securing more effective and efficient
citizen engagement.

      People are at the heart of our organization whether they are citizens, staff or working in the city’s economy.
      One of the exciting things CGI will do is to speed up our move to increased online capability, giving residents
      and businesses greater flexibility to engage with the Council and, if they wish, carry out their transactions
      digitally. It will also assist our employees, providing opportunities for more effective and efficient delivery
      across our wide range of Council services.
      Councillor Alasdair Rankin, Convener of the City of Edinburgh Council’s Finance and Resources Committee
      Edinburgh, United Kingdom



CGI-built solutions that drive results
• U.S. public sector tax and revenue clients have collected $4 billion in additional revenues that would not
  have been generated without implementing CGI solutions.
• We have successfully implemented or modernized more than 500 ERP systems for U.S. federal, state and
  local governments.
• Over the last 10 years, we have provided the Crown Prosecution Service of England and Wales with the
  technology to prosecute over 15 million defendants.
• We support more than 50 million Americans served by Medicare.gov, which has been made more
  accessible and customer-centric with the help of CGI.
• The community policing solution, Burgernet, in the Netherlands is a great success thanks to CGI, with
  more than 1.5 million people participating nationwide.
• CGI helps clients such as 1 (German/Netherlands) Corps implement solutions that support NATO’s
  “Smart Defense” approach. 1GNC’s Command and Control Collaboration Portal is interoperable in all
  NATO structures.
• CGI is developing the UK National Security Vetting Solution that will manage more than 200,000 security
  clearance applications each year.
• CGI is part of the European Space Operations Centre team that guided Rosetta’s Philae probe to land
  on a comet.
• We have delivered systems that produce weather satellite images and data across Europe, Asia Pacific
  and Africa.




                                          cgi.com/government                                                            25
MANUFACTURING

Enabling digitalization
beyond organizational boundaries
CGI serves manufacturing clients operating across a wide range of sectors, including mining,
metals, pulp and paper, chemicals, aerospace, automotive, high tech, electronics and other
industrial products.

We listen.
As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning process, we conducted 66 in-person interviews with IT and business
leaders across 10 countries from a diverse mix of manufacturing industries. Key concerns include reducing costs while
improving operational agility as well as innovation, getting to market faster and developing new services. For the first
time, social media and digital customer engagement also are top of mind. Digitally executed manufacturing is required
to achieve the agility needed to compete. New technologies must be leveraged and the traditional B2B philosophy must
extend to the customer in a B2B2C model. These pressures are driving a focus on optimization across the enterprise and
beyond, and increased personalization and servitization.


                                                                       Top industry trends
                                 Increasing pressure to reduce costs                                                            85%

                                      Increased focus on innovation                                                 68%

                              Achieving growth from BRIC countries                                              62%

                                         Greater use of social media                      28%

              Implementing smart or digitally executed manufacturing              17%


                                                                       0%               30%                 60%                90%
                                                                                              % of respondents

                                                                       Top IT priorities

                                                                       • Improving data quality and analytics through master
                                                                         data management
                                                                       • Achieving greater efficiency and agility by rationalizing
                                                                         and modernizing applications
                                                                       • Driving smarter manufacturing by leveraging
                                                                         digital technology
                                                                       • Enabling end-to-end visibility by achieving digital
                                                                         continuity across internal and external networks
                                                                       • Reducing costs through agile infrastructure
                                                                         and SaaS models




26
                                                                                                   2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

We innovate. We deliver.
In response to these trends and priorities, CGI is helping clients use IT as an enabler to support them on their digital
transformation journeys.

                  Areas of innovation                                                Business outcomes
Business process transformation: We provide process              • Reduced costs
improvement and digitalization across the value chain            • Greater visibility across the value chain
and deliver IT modernization and application portfolio           • Increased productivity and shorter time to market
rationalization, standardization and outsourcing.

Supply chain optimization: We help clients through               • End-to-end operational excellence
business and IT consulting and technology selection and          • Smart manufacturing enablement
implementation. Our Manufacturing Atlas solution offers          • Greater ability for personalization
a proven methodology for optimizing manufacturing IT
and operations.

Manufacturing execution system (MES) excellence:                 • Greater visibility and control over plant operations
We assist with MES business strategy and technology              • Reduced costs and increased efficiency
selection, implementation and lifetime management.
CGI has served on the board of the Manufacturing
Enterprise Solutions Association (MESA) for 9 years.
(Learn about our 16th annual MES product survey
at cgi.com/MES.)

Internet of Things (IoT): We partner with clients to             • Smart manufacturing enablement
implement solutions using IoT, mobility and other                • Higher productivity and quality
enabling technologies in areas such as field and                 • Greater ability to enable new services
predictive maintenance.

Big data analytics: We use our Data2Diamonds                     • Better, more actionable insights
approach, predictive analytics, supply chain and                 • Enhanced customer experience
customer intelligence to extract actionable insights
from large volumes of data in our clients’ products
and business systems.

Cybersecurity: Increasing the speed to address a breach          • Higher levels of security and compliance
requires fundamental process changes. We help clients            • Ability to promote secure data sharing
assess and address their cyber risks, provide continuous         • Foundation for Industry 4.0
and real-time monitoring, and put in place the necessary
processes and defenses.



   Nissan Europe increases marketing efficiency through a 360° customer view
   Nissan Europe, serving 23 countries with very different markets, was faced with a lower customer retention rate than its
   main competitors. In order to achieve critical business objectives, Nissan needed a 360° customer view to support sales
   and marketing operations across the entire customer life cycle. CGI helped design and integrate the solution, and currently
   hosts and runs a complete system for Nissan Europe, which includes:
  • A customer database to support a 360° customer view
  • A robust data quality platform to structure, clean, match and enrich data from 100 internal and external sources
  • A marketing campaign platform
  The benefits were seen quickly. The conversion rate was increased due to better customer knowledge and better customer
  segmentation, particularly with the introduction of specific scores like the “Expected Repurchase Date,” all of which
  allowed Nissan Europe to significantly improve targeting accuracy and campaign performance. The solution has been
  rolled out in 16 countries across Europe, and more rollouts in new countries are planned.

       Nissan was not data driven and had critical business data scattered in multiple systems, with all the limitations
       that this implies. The Customer 360° view solution allows us to integrate data sources, select the best
       information from each and build a complete and up-to-date view of each customer. This knowledge allows us
       to improve our customers’ experience with Nissan. CGI has been instrumental in allowing Nissan Europe to
       overcome data fragmentation and create a single source of truth for customer data. We are now able to better
       segment, target and address our customers’ expectations, resulting in a significantly higher conversion rate.

       Nicolas Verneuil, Customer Experience General Manager, Nissan Europe
       Montigny, France



                                          cgi.com/manufacturing                                                             27
RETAIL & CONSUMER SERVICES

Personalizing the omni-channel customer experience
through digital business transformation
CGI serves more than 700 clients globally within the retail, wholesale, consumer packaged
goods and consumer services sectors. We deliver value throughout the entire value chain, from
the supplier to the end customer. Our clients partner with us to help design, operate and manage
their businesses.

We listen.
As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning process, we conducted 76 in-person interviews with retail and consumer
services clients across 11 countries. A main focus continues to be the convergence between the physical and digital
worlds. As customer shopping behaviors continue to change and expectations continue to rise, retailers need to
implement seamless omni-channel strategies to improve the overall customer experience, enhance personalization and
provide real-time offers — leading to improved loyalty, differentiation and growth.

                                                                          Top industry trends
           Enabling an integrated, seamless omni-channel experience                                                               74%
                           Improving the digital customer experience                                                           70%
                         Need for flexible and agile IT infrastructures                                                    65%
                       Addressing increasing customer expectations                                                  55%
                       Better use of big data and predictive analytics                                     45%
             Improved cybersecurity to protect against data breaches                                   39%


                                                                          0%           20%            40%            60%          80%
                                                                                                 % of respondents

                                                                          Top IT priorities

                                                                          • Improving customer experience through increased
                                                                            digitalization and mobility
                                                                          • Enhancing customer personalization through master
                                                                            data management and analytics
                                                                          • Enabling end-to-end operational visibility through supply
                                                                            chain optimization
                                                                          • Further enhancing the physical and digital (“phygital”)
                                                                            strategies by enabling omni-channel
                                                                          • Protecting organizational and customer data by tracking
                                                                            and tracing security vulnerabilities
                                                                          • Bringing new capabilities to market faster and more cost
                                                                            effectively through agile infrastructures




28
                                                                                                   2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

We innovate. We deliver.
CGI is helping some of the world’s leading retail and consumer services organizations drive innovation—from “phygital”
transformation and supply chain optimization, to real-time customer insight and track and trace security monitoring.

                  Areas of innovation                                               Business outcomes
Digital transformation and mobility: We provide                  • Shopping any time, any place, on any device
integration services for the physical and digital worlds,        • Seamless, personalized customer shopping experience
creating a “phygital” customer experience using a wide             across all channels
range of technologies, including mobile, the Internet
of Things (IoT), cloud, beacons, MPOS/clienteling
and wearables.

IT and business process optimization: CGI provides               • Increased agility to respond to changing market
a broad range of business and IT consulting services               and customer demands
that optimize systems and processes across the entire            • Full operational visibility across all channels
value chain.                                                     • Reduced costs

Big data and predictive analytics: We deliver real‑time          • Better understanding of customer expectations
insight into customer behaviors through the latest               • Ability to surface actionable data for insights that
technologies, such as predictive analytics.                        improve the customer experience
                                                                 • Enhanced personalization

Cybersecurity: CGI provides end-to-end cybersecurity             • Improved level of protection for organizational
capabilities, real-time monitoring and managed                     and customer data
cybersecurity services.                                          • Proactive identification and real-time resolution
                                                                   of cybersecurity threats




    CGI partners with Clarins Group on supply chain and
    sales management transformation
    Clarins Group is partnering with CGI on a strategic initiative to transform its supply chain and sales management
    processes worldwide. With CGI’s help, Clarins Group is implementing new technologies and processes to improve
    operational efficiency, decrease the level of its inventories and improve budgeting and forecasting, while simplifying its
    overall IT environment.

         The transformation of our supply chain and sales management processes is a strategic program for Clarins
         Group. As a business partner within the company, our mission is to improve our manufacturing, sales and
         financial performance, which we measure through indicators such as fill rate and working capital. Over the past
         four years, CGI has been a stable and persevering partner to support us in achieving this complex business
         and IT transformation.
         Denis Martin, COO, Clarins Group
         Paris, France


    CGI’s Mobilog solution revolutionizes Lassila & Tikanoja’s
    mobile workforce management
    Lassila & Tikanoja’s 4,000 cleaning workers use CGI’s Mobilog solution to manage recurring administrative tasks such as
    recording work hours. The mobile application for smartphones combines time- and location-based information with near
    field communication (NFC) technology, making manual entry of hours, as well as paper-based timesheets, unnecessary.
    As a result, Lassila & Tikanoja has been able to drive efficiencies, productivity and cost savings through enhanced mobile
    workforce management.

         We are a diversified company whose services require mobile work. For our employees, this transformation
         has been a welcome relief. For example, the need to verbally agree on things through phone calls has clearly
         decreased.
         Harri Karjalainen, CIO, Lassila & Tikanoja
         Helsinki, Finland




                                                   cgi.com/retail                                                                29
COMMUNICATIONS

Helping clients win the digital battle for customers
With a strong track record of delivery excellence, CGI is a partner to 6 of the largest communications service
providers (CSPs) in the world.

We listen.
As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning process, we conducted 62 in-person interviews with communications clients in
13 countries. These companies are focused on expanding their services into complementary markets, providing an omni‑channel
customer experience, and pursuing digital innovation to win customers in a highly competitive and regulated market. They seek
to evolve their ecosystems to support new partnerships and business models to generate new revenue streams and go to market
faster. All of this relies on the continued modernization and integration of their operational and business support systems.

Top IT priorities                                                       Top industry trends
• Enabling greater agility, efficiency and speed               Winning the digital battle for the customer                       70%
  to market through IT transformation                                       Increasing market saturation                   53%
• Personalizing the customer experience
                                                               Addressing regulators’ impact on revenue                   50%
  through omni-channel strategies
• Greater use of data analytics and business                       Continuing globalization/consolidation                 48%
  intelligence                                                Increased competitive disruption between
                                                                                                                         47%
                                                                 traditional and non-traditional providers
• Reducing cybersecurity risk
• Achieving tangible benefits from the                                                                       0% 20%   40% 60% 80% 100%
  Internet of Things (IoT)                                                                                            % of respondents


We innovate. We deliver.
In response to these trends and priorities, CGI is focused on providing innovative digital business solutions, end-to-end managed
services, global delivery options and operational excellence.

                    Areas of innovation                                                   Business outcomes
Business and IT transformation: We help CSPs                         • Significant cost reduction
evolve their business support and partner systems and                • Greater operational efficiencies
processes with transformational outsourcing (high-quality            • Ability to focus on the core business
application, infrastructure and business process services            • Accelerated time to market
supported by our global delivery network) and application
modernization services.

Digital customer experience: We advise our clients                   • Seamless and personalized omni-channel
and deliver solutions to improve the customer experience               customer experience
and digital commerce across devices and stores.                      • New revenue streams
                                                                     • Optimized costs across all channels

Big data analytics: Our Data2Diamonds methodology                    • Improved customer experience and loyalty
and services help CSPs derive insight from customer and              • Increased revenue with more targeted services
operational information to better manage churn, marketing            • Improved asset utilization
and planning.

Cybersecurity: CGI’s high-value cybersecurity services for           • Protection of customer and business data
CSPs include risk assessments, managed security services,
and identity and access management, including advanced
biometrics solutions.

IoT: We help clients realize the tangible benefits of IoT            • New revenue streams
through consulting, business enablement and M2M platforms.           • Cost savings

Revenue recovery: We strive to turn collections into                 • Recovery of significant amounts of otherwise lost revenue
a strategic asset for revenue recovery, risk mitigation,             • Reduced DSO and operational costs
customer retention and cost reduction, powered by the CGI
Collections360 solution.




         Our success in the Internet of Things has been recognized by industry analysts for the last four years.
         We are pleased to be partnering with CGI to develop innovative IoT propositions and open up new
         opportunities for businesses across industries.
         Matt Key, Commercial Director, Vodafone M2M, Vodafone
         Newbury, United Kingdom



30                                        cgi.com/communications
POST & LOGISTICS                                                                                           2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

Strengthening customer focus and achieving cost savings
CGI has decades of experience in delivering large-scale services and solutions to postal, parcel, express
and logistics service organizations around the world.

We listen.
As the post and logistics business landscape continues to experience disruptive business model change, customer centricity
and budget pressures are key areas of focus for clients. Globalization is driving change as our clients seek to become more
competitive while complying with safety, security and sustainability mandates. As part of our 2015 annual strategic planning
process, CGI met face-to-face with post and logistics clients in 8 countries to understand their challenges and priorities.


Top IT priorities                                                       Top industry trends
• Modernizing legacy IT                                                Becoming more customer-centric                              83%
• Harnessing big data analytics and business intelligence                  Addressing budget pressures                             83%
• Improving transport management systems
                                                                     Changing the mix of delivery modes                      58%
• Improving cybersecurity
• Leveraging the Internet of Things (IoT)                            Globalization of the business model                 50%
                                                           Compliance with safety and security standards                 50%
                                                                         Meeting sustainability mandates                 50%

                                                                                                           0% 20%   40% 60% 80% 100%
                                                                                                                    % of respondents
We innovate. We deliver.
CGI partners with post and logistics companies worldwide to drive customer focus, cost savings and competitive advantage through
IT modernization, digital business transformation solutions, big data analytics and other advanced technologies.

                    Areas of innovation                                                  Business outcomes
IT modernization: We modernize clients’ systems using a              • Reduced operational costs
unique application modernization roadmap and portfolio               • Increased collaboration, agility and sustainability
management approach, while delivering modern enterprise              • Improved customer focus
asset management, enterprise resource planning and supply
chain management systems. For example, with the support
of CGI’s application development and management services,
25 million Nordic residents, plus 2 million businesses, receive
5.9 billion letters, 110 million parcels and 2.5 billion kilograms
of goods delivered by PostNord.

Digital transformation: Through digital and IoT technologies,        • Omni-channel enablement and integration
we help clients enhance processes through interconnected             • Enhanced customer experience
devices and effective data management.                               • Improved sustainability, safety and reliability

Big data analytics: As part of iCargo, a European research           • Easy, secure and controlled access to data
project, CGI collaborates with other innovators to explore           • Greater understanding of customer behaviors
and develop logistics solutions for harnessing the power of            and expectations
real-time information across the entire supply chain.                • Improved fleet management

Transport management systems: We build and implement                 • Increased operational efficiencies
intelligent transport management systems to transform                • Reduced fuel costs
and optimize the planning, execution and measurement of              • Improved sustainability
freight movements.

Physical and cybersecurity: Our security experts                     • Protection of business and customer data
assess, monitor and prevent internal and external security           • Advanced cloud-based security
attacks through advanced security technologies and                   • Compliance with current and emerging security-related
end-to-end services.                                                   laws and regulations




         We have rigorous requirements for stable and secure IT delivery, and our mission-critical applications
         must be available 24x7. It is important to us that we have an IT partner that understands our business and
         provides consistent, high-quality IT support that evolves with our needs. Through our long-time
         collaboration with CGI, we have benefitted from not only high-quality but cost-effective IT service delivery.
         Tina Rundström, CIO, DB Schenker Sweden
         Gothenburg, Sweden



                                         cgi.com/post-and-logistics                                                                31
INNOVATION




32
                                                                                                   2015 ANNUAL REVIEW




Innovation@CGI
For clients introducing new products or services, expanding globally, transforming their organizations or taking
customer and citizen service to new levels, CGI delivers tangible innovation that works. At CGI, we use the
phrase “tangible innovation” to demonstrate our focus on innovation that extends beyond ideas into real-world,
practical and outcome-driven results.

For every industry in which our clients operate, we apply innovative technologies and processes that ensure
our clients achieve high performance and maximize their return on investment. Whether implementing new
systems and solutions or making the most of clients’ current investments, CGI has a track record of developing
and evolving solutions to meet our clients’ ever-changing business needs.

We follow a practical and collaborative approach to help clients innovate across business and technology
environments at every stage of transformation — from strategy to execution.

Harnessing new ideas to enable our clients’ transformation
CGI’s ICE (Innovation, Creativity and Experimentation) Program generates, assesses and funds innovative grassroots
ideas and promotes a culture of innovation throughout CGI to benefit our clients.
Across the company, we run ICE program “calls to action” through which we pose a business challenge or opportunity
and ask our professionals to submit ideas and contribute their insight on other ideas. Each submission goes through a
process that includes:
     •   Executive-level sponsorship and the support of local innovation champions
     •   Collaboration and assessment by peers
     •   Business unit selection based on client proximity needs
     •   Innovation Council review and prioritization
     •   Funding
     •   Development of prototypes and demos
     •   Client participation with the proof of concept
This ongoing collaboration, assessment, visibility and accountability enable the best ideas to rise to the top to benefit our
clients. (Learn more at cgi.com/ICE.)




    ICE@Work
    Since 2014, the ICE program has generated more than 2,000 submissions that have resulted in 21 co-funded ideas.
    These ideas span our clients’ industries and feature digital transformation enablers, such as mobility, big data analytics,
    the Internet of Things (IoT) and cloud computing. Here is a sampling of ICE program solutions.

     Streamlining the digital customer experience
     Receiving a basic auto insurance quote is a time consuming process for a customer. On average, it takes approximately
     6 minutes to fill in 50 fields using about 110 clicks. To streamline this process and help our insurance clients be more
     competitive, CGI experts are developing the Two Click Quote app that enables driver information, including claims
     history and related risk information, to be uploaded for the immediate output of a quote.

     Harnessing the power of data and connected objects
     CGI is developing an advanced monitoring and remote sensing solution called StormNet to predict the likelihood
     of harmful algal bloom events. The solution uses advanced IoT monitors, remote sensing imagery, cloud-based
     data processes and predictive analytics. While the solution is being developed for U.S. federal government clients,
     a successful StormNet proof of concept will be leveraged across CGI to benefit our clients around the globe.

     Leveraging the on-demand economy to provide new services
    To help clients benefit from the collaborative consumption business model, a CGI team in Sweden developed the
    CGI Sharing Platform. The initial proof of concept for this platform is the Match Drive app, which enables car rental
    companies to promote transportation sharing. The platform also will support a variety of asset sharing services that will
    enable CGI clients to offer new on-demand services to their customers.




                                                                                                                                  33
INNOVATION

Delivering proven CGI-built solutions
that power clients’ operations
CGI has a proven track record of turning ideas into commercially viable solutions that drive better
operational performance and transformation of our clients’ businesses. We offer more than
150 mission-critical IP solutions that deliver innovation across the industries we serve.
These solutions include software applications, reusable frameworks and digital delivery methods
that represent years of investment in capturing our industry and technology expertise. Many of
these solutions offer 360-degree support of our clients’ businesses — from the design to the build,
operations and maintenance of the solution. Through our end-to-end services portfolio, clients
benefit from the full scope of our expertise and global delivery capabilities.
Around the globe, CGI solutions support key business functions by combining mission-critical IP
with digital enablers, including cybersecurity, cloud enablement, enterprise mobility, IoT and data
analytics. Key cross-industry solutions include:
     •   Credit, collections, payment, trade and foreign exchange
     •   Machine learning/intelligent self-learning (ISL)
     •   Smart grids and metering
     •   Supply chain acceleration and life cycle management
     •   Global customer care
     •   Enterprise resource planning
     •   Electronic records management
     •   Case management
     •   Mobile asset and workforce management
     •   Intelligent transport and real estate systems
As clients work to transform their businesses, CGI solutions are supporting the efficient, cost-saving
management of their legacy investments and accelerating the adoption of new profit-driving services
and solutions. Recognizing the critical importance of CGI IP to our clients, we continue to invest
in and develop our portfolio and drive proven and repeatable solutions across our industries and
geographies. (Learn more at cgi.com/solutions.)




CGI IP@Work
Our focus is building solutions that successfully power and transform our clients’ businesses. Here are
a few examples of how CGI’s solutions benefitted our clients and made headlines in 2015.
• Using IoT and other digital technology, CGI’s IBOR solution centrally manages public assets for city
  optimization and energy savings, reducing costs as much as 40% for street lighting.
• CGI’s Chargepoint Interactive Management System (CiMS) supports intelligent electronic vehicle
  charging infrastructure and transaction and subscriber management.
• CGI CommunityCare360’s patient-centric care management solution is used by more than
  10,000 clinicians and mobile care workers, increasing time dedicated to in-home patients as much as 30%.
• CGI was recognized for best-of-breed utilities information technology and operational technology
  (IT-OT) integration services and named a “market leader” in an Ovum report titled, “Ovum Decision
  Matrix: Selecting an IT-OT Integration Partner, 2014-15.”
• CGI Trade360, a global SaaS platform for running banks’ trade and open account business, supports
  bank trade services for more than 30,000 portal users in 80 countries.
• More than 1 billion transactions are managed by CGI systems in the areas of collections, trade
  finance, payments, and insurance underwriting and claims settlement.
• CGI received two Center for Digital Government “Best Fit Integrator” awards for our work with the City
  of Los Angeles and the Kentucky Department of Revenue, which use CGI Advantage ERP (for financial
  management) and CACS-G (government collections system), respectively.
• Our Pragma and ARM solution suites provide asset, outage and mobile workforce management
  systems for 7 of the top 20 largest electric utilities in the world.
• Our global solutions, including CGI Atlas360 and CGI Case Management, facilitate the migration
  of client business processes to digital automation.
• At the forefront of central energy markets for two decades, we built and implemented 11 of the central
  market energy clearing houses in the world today.




34
                                                                                           2015 ANNUAL REVIEW




Innovating
with our clients
Innovation has been at the core of who we are and
what we do for 40 years. Our clients choose CGI for
the progressive and practical ideas, approaches and
technologies we bring to achieve their business results.
During 2015, we conducted 5,974 in-person client
satisfaction assessments and received an average
8.75 out of 10 rating for being an “expert of choice,”
which measures the value of our support to clients based
on our industry knowledge and technology expertise.
As we look ahead, we welcome the opportunity to help
our clients succeed as we work together to transform
for the digital world.
Our local proximity business model enables CGI to take
a client-centered approach to drive this innovation and
satisfaction while maintaining strong delivery excellence.
Across our global operations, we regularly meet with
clients through various client conferences, tradeshows and
other events to work together to find solutions that drive
meaningful outcomes.




                                                             In June, CGI’s Rotterdam office opened the Netherlands’ Spark
                                                              Innovation Center. This state-of-the-art facility works on behalf
                                                               of clients to develop and apply new ideas and technologies to
                                                             move their businesses forward. In November, CGI’s Netherlands
                                                             operations were selected as the ICT service provider of the year
                                                                                         during the 2015 Computable Awards.



                                                                                                                        35
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)

Building sustainable communities
alongside our clients
CSR always has been an intrinsic part of the CGI business model and culture. Through our local
proximity operating model, we forge deep relationships with our clients and communities to invest
in environmental sustainability, education, health and other social initiatives that advance the greater
good at the local, regional and global levels.

Throughout 2015, CGI invested across the communities in which we live and work.
Below are some of those projects.
Partnering with clients to build strong communities
• Airbus Group renewed a contract with CGI in February 2015 for the support of its HR applications. As part of the
  agreement, and in alignment with Airbus and CGI’s ongoing commitment to supporting people with disabilities,
  the partnership also includes actively onboarding professionals with disabilities.
• CGI teams in Germany and the Netherlands developed an Internet of Things (IoT) solution to make a train station
  operated by client Deutsche Bahn more sustainable as part of a pilot project. The solution, which enables half
  illumination at night, is expected to generate 15% in energy savings without replacing any light technology and to lower
  maintenance costs by extending the life of the lamps.
• CGI’s operations in Finland have reduced its carbon footprint by 50% in 2015 compared to our 2008 base year,
  thus reducing the carbon footprint of our clients’ supply chains.
• In 2015, CGI represented the Swedish Financial Coalition on a panel of a conference in the European Parliament.
  The panel’s theme, “A stronger public–private partnership to fight the commercial sexual exploitation of children online,”
  was arranged by the European Financial Coalition Against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children Online. The
  invitation to participate is a result of our partnership that began in 2007 when CGI client Skandiabanken asked for help
  in developing a solution to track payment transactions related to child sexual abuse material. CGI is deeply involved
  with the Swedish Financial Coalition, a group of banks, financial institutions and NGOs that collaborate to
  prevent payments related to the sexual abuse of children.
• CGI contributed to the revitalization of the Mauricie region in the province of Quebec by opening a world-class center
  of excellence in Shawinigan, Canada. We also opened a global retail and consumer services center of excellence in
  Lille, France. Each center will provide global delivery services on behalf of our clients and create 300 high-quality
  IT jobs over the next 3 years.
CGI renewed listings and was included within top CSR indices that cover sustainability-driven companies worldwide,
including RobecoSAM and S&P Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, MSCI and ECPI. CGI is also a constituent of the
FTSE4Good Index Series.




                                         “CGI through the lens of our members”
                                          In commemoration of our 40th anniversary, we created a photo book of our
                                          members’ photography to serve as a memento of the journey we’ve taken to
                                          build a culturally and geographically diverse company dedicated to serving our
                                          clients and communities around the world. The book captures and shares the
                                          spirit of the local communities in which we live and work. From the landscapes
                                          and skylines we see, to the people and passions that make up our experiences
                                          and cultures, this photo book showcases the diversity and richness of CGI.




36
                                                                                      2015 ANNUAL REVIEW

                                    Making a difference in communities worldwide
                                    • Supporting Canada’s culture of giving: CGI developed a website for the
Our commitments                       Rideau Hall Foundation and the Governor General of Canada’s My Giving
                                      Moment campaign to support the campaign’s objective of creating a new
CSR is one of CGI’s six core          culture of giving and fostering a smarter, more caring Canada. Since 2005,
values and, as part of our global     CGI and its Canadian employees have raised more than $10 million dollars
CSR policy, we embrace the            in support of United Way Centraide across the country, making a lasting
following principles:                 difference in Canadian communities.
• To provide our professionals
                                    • Making Louisiana’s Bayou Vermillion more accessible: A CGI team in
  with health, wellness and
                                      Lafayette, Louisiana, is making the Bayou Vermilion more accessible for
  ownership programs that
                                      citizens. Through the CGI-created geospatial Paddle Trail App, people can
  positively influence their
                                      explore the bayou virtually. A 3D touch screen version of the app will be
  well‑being and satisfaction
                                      featured at the Lafayette Science Museum
• To partner with our clients
                                    • Serving as the digital partner for France’s TEKNIK project: CGI is the
  to deliver energy and
                                      digital partner for the TEKNIK project in France. The project mobilizes
  environmental sustainability
  solutions and to collectively       companies to educate young students on 14 main industries and to help
  support charitable causes           them discover technology jobs.

• To support our communities        • Helping to empower citizens of the United Kingdom: In the UK,
  through causes that improve         CGI is a corporate patron of The Prince’s Trust, which provides support
  their social, economic and          to disadvantaged young people, helping them to develop the skills
  environmental well-being            needed to pursue education and employment, and is a partner with
                                      Cre8te Opportunities Limited, an Edinburgh-based social enterprise that
• To improve the environment          supports digital training for its citizens. CGI’s UK operations also partner
  through environmentally-            with SportsAid to support young sporting talent of the future and are the
  friendly operating practices,       official Systems Integration, BPS and IT Outsourcing partner of Team
  community service activities        England, Team Wales and Team Scotland on their journeys to the 2018
  and green IT offerings              Commonwealth Games.
• To operate ethically through      • Benefitting women throughout India: CGI members in India celebrated
  a strong code of ethics and         International Women’s Day by engaging in a wide range of CSR activities
  good corporate governance           to benefit women within their local communities — from collaborating with
• To recognize the importance         anti-poverty and elderly care charities, to conducting a free medical camp
  of responsible supply chain         in a low-income area, to supporting women entrepreneurs. These initiatives
  management                          were led by Women.Who.Win. (W3), CGI’s diversity and inclusion-oriented
                                      community of women members in India.

        cgi.com/csr




                                                                                                                37
CGI’S GLOBAL FOOTPRINT

A strong local presence
in 400 communities around the world

          Juneau


                                                                                        CANADA


                                             Edmonton

                                                                                                                        Markham
                                                            Saskatoon                                                   Mississauga
                                 Calgary                                                                                Toronto
                                                                 Regina
                  Vancouver
     Victoria
                                                                                                                                                               Saguenay
                   Seattle
                                                                                                                                                               Québec City
                Olympia                                                                                                                                 Shawinigan                           Stratford
                                                                                                                                                                            Fredericton
                                                                                                                                                             Montréal
                                                                                                                                                    Ottawa                             Moncton
                                                                                     Minneapolis                                                                      Sherbrooke
                                       UNITED STATES                                                                                                 St. Albans City                         Halifax
                                        OF AMERICA                                                                                                                       Somersworth
                                                                                                                   Lansing                                    Albany
                                                                                                                                     Detroit                             Wilmington
                                                                                                                                                 Buffalo       Mansfield Boston
                                                                                                      Chicago                                               Hartford Gales Ferry
                                                                                                                            Cleveland
                                                                                                                                                     Jersey City Norwalk
                                                                                                                                Pittsburgh         Philadelphia New York City
                                                      Denver
                                                          Aurora                                                        Columbus
                                               Lakewood
                                                                                                                                      Athens
                    Sacramento                                                          Fairview Heights
                   Oakland                                                                                         Frankfort
  San Francisco                                                                                                                                                        Aberdeen             Manassas
                                                                                                                                     Lebanon
                                                                                                                                                                       Alexandria           Newport News
                                                                                      Oklahoma City                                     Durham                         Annapolis Junction   Norfolk
                                                                                                                                                    Fayetteville       Baltimore            Richmond
                                                                      Lawton                               Huntsville
                                                                                                                           Atlanta                                     Dumfries             Sterling
                  Los Angeles                                                          Hot Springs                                             Columbia
                                 Phoenix                                                                                                                               Fairfax              Washington, D.C.
                                           Tempe                               Bedford                      Birmingham
                     San Diego                                                                                                                                         Lexington Park
                                                                        Fort Worth Dallas                                                        Charleston
                                    Tucson                El Paso
                                                                                                                           Troy
                                             Sierra Vista      San Angelo             Belton    Lafayette
                                                                            Austin      Houston                                           Orange Park
                                                                                                             New Orleans
                                                                             San Antonio



                                                                                                                                                                            Americas
                                                                                                                            Tampa


                                                                                                                                                 Miami

                Honolulu




                                                                                                                                                                             BRAZIL




                                                                                                                                                                                       Mogi das Cruzes
                                                                                                                                                                          São Paulo




38                                                                      cgi.com/offices
                                                                                                                                                               2015 ANNUAL REVIEW




                                                                                                        Kiruna
                                                                                                                         FINLAND

Europe                                                                                                      Gällivare

                                                                                                                         Tornio

                                                                                                SWEDEN Luleå
                                                                                                                             Oulu
                                                                                                    Skellefteå
                                                                                                       Umeå
                                                                                              Örnsköldsvik
                                                                                         Östersund                Vaasa      Kuopio
                                                                                                         Härnösand Jyväskylä      Joensuu
                                                                                         Sundsvall
                                                                          NORWAY                                                    Mikkeli
                                                                                                             Pori
                                                                                                                                      Lappeenranta
                                                                                                        Gävle                                                                Espoo
                                                                              Oslo       Borlänge            Turku
                                                                                                                                                                             Helsinki
                                                                             Grålum                 Västerås                                                                 Hämeenlinna
                                                          Haugesund                                     Stockholm
                                                                          Tønsberg                                      Tallinn ESTONIA                                      Kouvola
                                                              Stavanger
                                                                                                                            Tartu                                            Lahti
                                                                                                                                                                             Riihimäki
                                                     Aberdeen              Aalborg                                                                    Bromölla               Tampere
                                   UNITED KINGDOM                   DENMARK                                                                           Eskilstuna
                                                                      Herning Aarhus                                                                  Göteborg
                                   Glasgow         Edinburgh               Copenhagen                                                                 Jönköping
                                                      Newcastle        Kolding            Malmö
                                                                                                                                                      Kalmar
                                                                                                                                                      Karlskrona
                                                                                                                                    Arnhem            Karlstad
                                           Didsbury                                 Hamburg
                                                              NETHERLANDS                                                           Eindhoven         Linköping
                                      St Asaph
                                                                                                     POLAND                         Groningen         Norrköping
                                                                                           Berlin                                   Heerlen
                                                                                                        Warsaw                                        Örebro
 Birmingham                          Bridgend                 BELGIUM      GERMANY       Wroclaw
                                                                                                                                    Hoofddorp         Oskarshamn
                                                                                                                                    Rotterdam         Skara
 Brentwood                                                                        CZECH REPUBLIC
 Bristol                                              LUXEMBOURG                               Prague         Krakow
                                                                                                          Ostrava                   Brussels
 Colchester                                                                                   Brno
 Gloucester                                    Rennes Le Mans                                              SLOVAKIA
                                       Brest                                                                                        Bertrange
 Leatherhead                                               Orléans                     Munich           Bratislava
 London                                      Nantes
 Milton Keynes                                           FRANCE                                                                     Bremen
                                                   Niort Limoges Lyon                                                               Darmstadt
 Reading
                                                 Clermont-Ferrand                                                                   Düsseldorf
 St Albans                                                             Grenoble
                                               Bordeaux                                                                             Erfurt
                                                        Toulouse       Nice                                                         Hannover
                                                                                   ITALY
                                                    Pau Montpellier Aix-en-Provence                                                 Karlsruhe
                                                                                                                                    Köln
                                                                                         Frascati
                                                                                                                                    Leinfelden-Echterdingen
                                               SPAIN                                                                                Mannheim
                           Porto                                                                                                    Sulzbach
                                       Madrid
                     PORTUGAL                                                                                                       Wolfsburg

                 Lisbon                                                                                                             Amiens
                 Sacavém                                                                                                            Lille
                                      Málaga
                 Sintra                                                                                                             Paris
                                                                                                                                    Saint-Denis
                             Rabat                                                                                                  Strasbourg
                      Casablanca
                                    MOROCCO




                                             INDIA

                                        Mumbai

                                         Hyderabad
                                                                                                           Manila
                                   Bangalore        Chennai
                                                                                                                PHILIPPINES



                                                                     Kuala Lumpur    MALAYSIA

                                                                            SINGAPORE




                                                                                                                            AUSTRALIA
                                                                                                                                                              Brisbane



                                                                                                                                                            Sydney
                                                                                                                                                                  Canberra

                                                                                                                                                Melbourne


Asia Pacific                                                                                                                                                    Hobart




                                                                                                                                                                                           39
CGI’s leadership team
CGI’s management team includes seasoned experts within the IT services industry who develop
strategies to satisfy the needs of our three stakeholders — clients, members and shareholders —
and work to ensure all stakeholders’ success.




Corporate services
Serge Godin                    Michael E. Roach           George D. Schindler       François Boulanger          Benoit Dubé
Founder and                    President and              Chief Operating           Executive VP and            Executive VP,
Executive Chairman             Chief Executive            Officer                   Chief Financial             Chief Legal Officer
of the Board                   Officer                                              Officer                     and Corporate
                                                                                                                Secretary




Global operations
                                                                      EASTERN, CENTRAL                   FRANCE,
                                                                      AND SOUTHERN                       LUXEMBOURG
ASIA PACIFIC                         CANADA                           EUROPE                             AND MOROCCO

Colin Holgate                        Mark Boyajian                    João Baptista                      Jean-Michel Baticle
President                            President                        President                          President



Mark Aston                           Réjean Bernard                   Ron de Mos                         Philippe Bouron
South East Asia                      Global Infrastructure Services   Netherlands                        Business Consulting

Colin Holgate                        Shawn R. Derby                   José Carlos Gonçalves              Fabien Debû
Australia                            Western Canada                   Southern Europe and Brazil         France East

Rakesh Aerath                        Michael Godin                    Dariusz Gorzeń                     Laurent Gerin
Multi-Industry and                   National Capital Region          Poland                             Innovation Center
Government Delivery                                                                                      of Excellence
                                     Roy Hudson                       Torsten Straß
Center, India
                                     Communications Services          Germany                            Stéphane Jaubert
Vinayak Hegde                        Business                                                            Consumer Packaged Goods
                                                                      Štefan Szabó
Financial Services Delivery                                                                              Retail and North
                                     Marie T. MacDonald               Czech Republic, Slovakia
Center, India
                                     Greater Toronto Commercial       and Eastern Europe                 David Kirchhoffer
George Mattackal                     and Public Services                                                 Financial Services
                                                                      Frank van Nistelrooij
Communication and
                                    Jay Maclsaac                      Services to Shell                  Gilles Le Franc
Enterprise Services Delivery
                                    Atlantic Canada                                                      France West
Center, India                                                         Ben Vicca
                                     Claude Marcoux                   Belgium                            Michel Malhomme
Sridhar Ramamurthy
                                     Québec City                                                         Global Delivery Center
Global Infrastructure
Services Delivery                    Peter Sweers                                                        Pierre-Dominique Martin
Center, India                        Banking and Global Wealth                                           Public Sector, HR and
                                                                                                         Transportation
Sudhir Subbaraman                    Guy Vigeant
Solutions Delivery                   Greater Montréal                                                    Sassan Mohseni
Center, India                                                                                            Energy and Utilities,
                                                                                                         Telecommunications

                                                                                                         Hervé Vincent
                                                                                                         Manufacturing




40
                                                                                                   2015 ANNUAL REVIEW




Stuart A. Forman      Julie Godin            Lorne Gorber         Doug McCuaig           Luc Pinard            Claude Séguin
Senior VP,            Executive VP,          Executive VP,        Executive VP,          Executive VP,         Senior VP,
Global Chief          Global Human           Global               Global Client          Corporate             Corporate
Information Officer   Resources and          Communications       Transformation         Performance           Development
                      Strategic Planning     and Investor         Services                                     and Strategic
                                             Relations                                                         Investments




NORDICS                          UNITED KINGDOM                   UNITED STATES

Heikki Nikku                     Tim Gregory                      Dave Henderson
President                        President                        President



Pär Fors                         David Fitzpatrick                Lynne Bushey                      Tim Hurlebaus
Sweden                           Global Infrastructure Services   Mid-Atlantic                      President, CGI Federal

Leena-Mari Lähteenmaa            Matthew Grisoni                  Dave Delgado                      Patrick Dougherty
Global Infrastructure            Oil & Gas and Industries         West                              Defense Programs
Services Nordics                                                                                    and GSS-CGI
                                 Tara McGeehan                    Ned Hammond
Martin Petersen                  Energy, Utilities and            Global Infrastructure Services    Sandra Gillespie
Denmark                          Telecommunications               and Onshore Delivery              Health and Compliance

Olav Sandbakken                  Steve Smart                      Christopher James                 Stephanie Mango
Norway                           Space, Defence, National         Industry Solutions                Security, Administrative,
                                 and Cyber Security                                                 Judicial and Enforcement
Tapio Volanen                                                     John Roggemann
Finland and Estonia              Steve Thorn                      Central and South                 Dave Ralston
                                 Public Sector                                                      Government Secure
                                                                  Steven Starace                    Solutions, CGI Inc.
                                 Mike Whitchurch                  Northeast
                                 Financial Services and Digital                                     Tim Turitto
                                                                                                    Regulatory Agency Programs

                                                                                                    Kenyon Wells
                                                                                                    International Diplomacy,
                                                                                                    Assistance and Commerce




                                                                                                                                41
The CGI Constitution
While most companies have a vision and mission, CGI goes a step beyond. We have a company dream, which
emphasizes the enjoyment and ownership principles essential to our success. The CGI dream, together with our vision,
mission and values, make up the CGI Constitution. With frameworks and programs founded upon this Constitution,
CGI’s professionals have the opportunity to participate in the life and development of their company, which, in turn, results
in client loyalty and shareholder growth.


Our dream
To create an environment in which we enjoy working together and, as owners, contribute to
building a company we can be proud of.


Our vision                                                     Our mission
To be a global world class information technology               To help our clients succeed through outstanding quality,
and business process services leader helping                    competence and objectivity, providing thought leadership
our clients succeed.                                            and delivering the best services and solutions to fully
                                                                satisfy client objectives in information technology, business
                                                                processes and management. In all we do, we foster
                                                                a culture of partnership, intrapreneurship, teamwork
                                                                and integrity, building a global world class information
                                                                technology and business process services company.



Our values
PARTNERSHIP AND QUALITY                                         RESPECT
For us, partnership and quality are both a philosophy and       In all we do, we are respectful of our fellow members,
a way of life. We constantly deepen our understanding           clients, business partners and competitors. As a global
of our clients’ business and we develop and follow the best     company, we recognize the richness that diversity brings to
management practices. We entrench these approaches              the company and welcome this diversity while embracing
into client relationship and service delivery frameworks        the overall CGI business culture.
in order to foster long term and strong partnerships with
our clients. We listen to our clients and we are committed      FINANCIAL STRENGTH
to their total satisfaction in everything we do.                We strive to deliver strong, consistent financial
                                                                performance which sustains long term growth and benefits
OBJECTIVITY AND INTEGRITY                                       both members and shareholders. Financial strength
We exercise the highest degree of independent thinking          enables us to continuously invest in our members’
in selecting the products, services and solutions we            capabilities, our services and our business solutions to the
recommend to clients. In doing so, we adhere to the             benefit of our clients. To this end, we manage our business
highest values of quality, objectivity and integrity. We do     to generate industry superior returns.
not accept any remuneration from suppliers. We always
act honestly and ethically. We never seek to gain undue         CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
advantages and we avoid conflicts of interest, whether real     Our business model is designed to ensure that we are
or perceived.                                                   close to our clients and communities. As members,
                                                                we embrace our social responsibilities and contribute
INTRAPRENEURSHIP AND SHARING                                    to the continuous development of the communities
Our collective success is based on our competence,              in which we live and work.
commitment and enthusiasm. We promote a culture
of innovation and initiative where we are empowered with
a sense of ownership in supporting clients, thus ensuring
our profitable growth. Through teamwork, sharing our
know-how and expertise across our global operations,
we bring the best of CGI to our clients. As members, we
share in the value we create through equity ownership and
profit participation.


42
Looking ahead…
40 years and counting.
 In 2016, CGI commemorates its 40th year in business. We thank you, our clients, for
helping us reach this important milestone. With a strong commitment, we have always
­responded to the rapidly evolving needs of your business. To all those with whom we
have had the privilege of working, thank you.

We look forward to the journey ahead.
This milestone marks only the beginning. IT services is the enabler to support our clients’
digital transformation as they seek to capitalize on the promises of becoming customer-
and citizen-centric digital organizations. CGI looks forward to serving as your trusted and
innovative partner on the journey ahead.

The future has never looked so bright.
Founded in 1976, CGI is one of the largest IT and business process services providers in the world.
With 65,000 professionals operating across 40 countries, CGI helps clients become customer-centric
digital organizations. We deliver high-quality business consulting, systems integration and managed
services, complemented by more than 150 IP-based solutions and best-fit global delivery options,
to support clients in lowering the costs of running their business and reinvesting savings into their
digital transformation success. CGI has an industry-leading track record of delivering 95% of projects
on time and within budget, aligning our teams with clients’ digital strategies to achieve top-to-bottom
line results.

cgi.com




© 2015 CGI Group Inc.

CACS-G, CGI Advantage ERP, CGI Atlas360, CGI Collections360, CGI CommunityCare360, CGI Payments360, CGI Trade360,
CGI Traffic360, CGI Unify360, Data2Diamonds, Experience the commitment, Exploration2Revenue, HotScan, Pragma,
Pro Logistica, ProSteward360, Ratabase and Sovera are trademarks or registered trademarks of CGI Group Inc. or its
related companies.
                   CGI Group Inc.




              2015 Annual Report


   CGI’s 2015 Annual Report is comprised
          of two separate volumes:

       Volume 1: 2015 Annual Review

                                 &

       Volume 2: Fiscal 2015 Results




Volume 2 of the Annual Report
     follows this page.
         (this page does not form part of the Annual Report)
Fiscal             Business and IT consulting
                         Systems integration
2015                    IT managed services
Results            Business process services




           BUILDING ON
             40 YEARS
          OF COMMITMENT
                         BUILDING ON
                         40 YEARS OF
                         COMMITMENT




      CONTENTS
  1   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 58   Management’s and Auditors’ Reports
 62   Consolidated Financial Statements
120   Shareholder Information
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Management’s Discussion and Analysis


November 11, 2015



Basis of Presentation
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Position and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is the responsibility
of management and has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. This MD&A has been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Canadian Securities Administrators. The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for reviewing
and approving the MD&A. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility mainly through its Audit and Risk Management
Committee, which is appointed by the Board of Directors and is comprised entirely of independent and financially literate
directors.

Throughout this document, CGI Group Inc. is referred to as “CGI”, “we”, “our” or “Company”. This MD&A provides information
management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial
condition of the Company. This document should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014. CGI’s accounting policies are in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). All
dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.



Materiality of Disclosures
This MD&A includes information we believe is material to investors. We consider something to be material if it results in, or
would reasonably be expected to result in, a significant change in the market price or value of our shares, or if it is likely that
a reasonable investor would consider the information to be important in making an investment decision.



Forward-Looking Statements
All statements in this MD&A that do not directly and exclusively relate to historical facts constitute “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of that term in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are “forward-looking information” within the meaning
of Canadian securities laws. These statements and this information represent CGI’s intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs,
and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, of which many are beyond the control of the Company. These factors
could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements or forward-looking information. These
factors include but are not restricted to: the timing and size of new contracts; acquisitions and other corporate developments;
the ability to attract and retain qualified employees; market competition in the rapidly evolving information technology industry;
general economic and business conditions; foreign exchange and other risks identified in the MD&A, in the Company’s Annual
Information Form filed with the Canadian securities authorities (filed on SEDAR at www.sedar.com), CGI’s Annual Report on
Form 40-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (filed on EDGAR at www.sec.gov), as well as assumptions
regarding the foregoing. The words “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “anticipate”, “foresee”, “plan”, and similar
expressions and variations thereof, identify certain of such forward-looking statements or forward-looking information, which
speak only as of the date on which they are made. In particular, statements relating to future performance are forward-looking
statements and forward-looking information. CGI disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-
looking statements or forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except
as required by applicable law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements or on
this forward-looking information. You will find more information about the risks that could cause our actual results to differ
significantly from our current expectations in section 10 – Risk Environment.




                                                                                                                                1
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      Non-GAAP and Key Performance Measures
      The reader should note that the Company reports its financial results in accordance with IFRS. However, we use a combination
      of financial measures, ratios, and non-GAAP measures to assess our Company’s performance. The non-GAAP measures
      used in this MD&A do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and are therefore unlikely to be comparable
      to similar measures presented by other issuers. These measures should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as
      a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS.

      The table below summarizes our non-GAAP measures and most relevant key performance measures:


          Profitability       • Adjusted EBIT (non-GAAP) – is a measure of earnings excluding integration-related costs, restructuring
                                costs, net finance costs and income tax expense as these items are not directly related to the cost of
                                operations. Management believes this measure is useful to investors as it best reflects the profitability
                                of our operations and allows for better comparability from period to period as well as to trend analysis
                                in our operations. A reconciliation of the yearly and current quarter's adjusted EBIT to its closest IFRS
                                measure can be found on pages 21 and 38.
                              • Net earnings prior to specific items (non-GAAP) – is a measure of net earnings excluding integration-
                                related costs, restructuring costs, resolution of acquisition-related provisions1 and tax adjustments.
                                Management believes that this measure is useful to investors as it best reflects the Company's operating
                                profitability and allows for better comparability from period to period. A reconciliation of the yearly and
                                current quarter's net earnings prior to specific items to its closest IFRS measure can be found on pages
                                23 and 39.
                              • Basic and diluted earnings per share prior to specific items (non-GAAP) – is defined as the net earnings
                                 excluding integration-related costs, restructuring costs, resolution of acquisition-related provisions1 and
                                 tax adjustments on a per share basis. Management believes that this measure is useful to investors as
                                 it best reflects the Company's operating profitability on a per share basis and allows for better
                                 comparability from period to period. The yearly and current quarter's basic and diluted earnings per share
                                 reported in accordance with IFRS can be found on pages 22 and 38 while the yearly and current quarter's
                                 basic and diluted earnings per share prior to specific items can be found on pages 23 and 39.
                              • Net earnings – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders.
                              • Diluted earnings per share – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders on a per share basis,
                                 assuming all dilutive elements are exercised.

          Liquidity           • Cash provided by operating activities – is a measure of cash generated from managing our day-to-day
                                 business operations. We believe strong operating cash flow is indicative of financial flexibility, allowing
                                 us to execute our corporate strategy.
                              • Days sales outstanding ("DSO") (non-GAAP) – is the average number of days needed to convert our
                                 trade receivables and work in progress into cash. DSO is obtained by subtracting deferred revenue from
                                 trade accounts receivable and work in progress; the result is divided by the quarter’s revenue over 90
                                 days. Deferred revenue is net of the fair value adjustments on revenue-generating contracts established
                                 upon a business combination. Management tracks this metric closely to ensure timely collection, healthy
                                 liquidity, and is committed to a DSO target of 45 days or less. We believe this measure is useful to
                                 investors as it demonstrates the Company's ability to timely convert its trade receivables and work in
                                 progress into cash.

      1
               Resolution of acquisition-related provisions came from the adjustment of provisions that were established as part of the purchase price allocation for the
               Logica plc ("Logica") acquisition. Subsequent to the finalization of the purchase price allocation such adjustments flow through the statement of earnings.
               Examples of the items that may be included in these benefits comprise the resolution of provisions on client contracts, the settlement of tax credits and
               the early termination of lease agreements.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                                   Page     2




      2
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



       Growth              • Constant currency growth (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue growth before foreign currency impacts.
                             This growth is calculated by translating current period results in local currency using the conversion rates
                             in the equivalent period from the prior year. Management believes that it is helpful to adjust revenue to
                             exclude the impact of currency fluctuations to facilitate period-to-period comparisons of business
                             performance. We believe that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.
                           • Backlog (non-GAAP) – Backlog includes new contract wins, extensions and renewals (“bookings”(non-
                             GAAP)), partially offset by the backlog consumed during the year as a result of client work performed
                             and adjustments related to the volume, cancellation and/or the impact of foreign currencies to our existing
                             contracts. Backlog incorporates estimates from management that are subject to change. Management
                             tracks this measure as it is a key indicator of management's best estimate of revenue to be realized in
                             the future and believes that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.
                           • Book-to-bill ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings to our revenue
                             in the period. This metric allows management to monitor the Company’s business development efforts
                             to ensure we grow our backlog and our business over time and believes that this measure is useful to
                             investors for the same reason. Management remains committed to maintaining a target ratio greater
                             than 100% over a trailing 12-month period. Management believes that the longer period is a more effective
                             measure as the size and timing of bookings could cause this measurement to fluctuate significantly if
                             taken for only a three-month period.

       Capital             • Net debt (non-GAAP) – is obtained by subtracting our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments
       Structure             and long-term investments from our debt. Management uses the net debt metric to monitor the Company's
                             financial leverage. We believe that this metric is useful to investors as it provides insight into our financial
                             strength. A reconciliation of net debt to its closest IFRS measure can be found on page 30.
                           • Net debt to capitalization ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of our level of financial leverage and is obtained
                             by dividing the net debt by the sum of shareholder's equity and debt. Management uses the net debt to
                             capitalization metric to monitor the proportion of debt versus capital used to finance our operations and
                             to assess the Company's financial strength. We believe that this metric is useful to investors as it provides
                             insight into our financial strength.
                           • Return on equity ("ROE") (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the rate of return on the ownership interest of
                             our shareholders and is calculated as the proportion of earnings for the last 12 months over the last four
                             quarters' average equity. Management looks at ROE to measure its efficiency at generating earnings for
                             the Company’s shareholders and how well the Company uses the invested funds to generate earnings
                             growth. We believe that this measure is useful to investors for the same reasons.
                           • Return on invested capital ("ROIC") (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the Company’s efficiency at allocating
                             the capital under its control to profitable investments and is calculated as the proportion of the after-tax
                             adjusted EBIT for the last 12 months, over the last four quarters' average invested capital, which is
                             defined as the sum of equity and net debt. Management examines this ratio to assess how well it is using
                             its funds to generate returns. We believe that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.


      Change in reporting segments
      During our fourth quarter, we refined our management reporting and structure to better align to our client proximity model. As
      a result, the Company is now managed through the following seven segments, namely: United States of America ("U.S.");
      Nordics; Canada; France (including Luxembourg and Morocco) ("France"); United Kingdom ("U.K."); Eastern, Central and
      Southern Europe (primarily Netherlands and Germany) ("ECS"); and Asia Pacific (including Australia, India and the Philippines)
      ("Asia Pacific"). This MD&A reflects the current segmentation and therefore, is representing the transfer of our South Europe
      and Brazil operations from Nordics to ECS. Prior year segmented results have been revised. Please refer to sections 3.4 and
      3.6 of the present document and to note 28 and note 12 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional
      information on our segments and on the impact of the change in reporting segments on goodwill allocation.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                         Page    3




                                                                                                                                           3
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis




MD&A Objectives and Contents

•     Provide a narrative explanation of the audited consolidated financial statements through the eyes of management;

•     Provide the context within which the audited consolidated financial statements should be analyzed, by giving enhanced
      disclosure about the dynamics and trends of the Company’s business; and

•     Provide information to assist the reader in ascertaining the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance.

In order to achieve these objectives, this MD&A is presented in the following main sections:

Section                            Contents                                                                                   Pages

1.       Corporate                 This includes a description of our business and how we generate revenue as well as the
         Overview                  markets in which we operate.

                                   1.1.     About CGI                                                                            6
                                   1.2.     Vision and Strategy                                                                  7
                                   1.3.     Competitive Environment                                                              7

2.       Highlights and Key        A summary of key achievements during the year, the past three years' key performance
         Performance               measures, CGI’s share performance and other highlighted events.
         Measures
                                   2.1.     Fiscal 2015 Highlights                                                               9
                                   2.2.     Selected Yearly Information & Key Performance Measures                              10
                                   2.3.     Stock Performance                                                                   11
                                   2.4.     Restructuring Program                                                               12

3.       Financial Review          A discussion of year-over-year changes to operating results between the years ended
                                   September 30, 2015 and 2014, describing the factors affecting revenue and adjusted EBIT
                                   on a consolidated and reportable segment basis, and also by describing the factors
                                   affecting changes in the major expense categories. Also discussed are bookings broken
                                   down by contract type, services type, segment and by vertical market.

                                   3.1.     Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                                     13
                                   3.2.     Foreign Exchange                                                                    14
                                   3.3.     Revenue Distribution                                                                15
                                   3.4.     Revenue Variation and Revenue by Segment                                            16
                                   3.5.     Operating Expenses                                                                  18
                                   3.6.     Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                            19
                                   3.7.     Earnings before Income Taxes                                                        21
                                   3.8.     Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share (“EPS”)                                         22




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                   Page    4




     4
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Section                           Contents                                                                                        Pages
Section                           Contents                                                                                        Pages
4.   Liquidity                    This includes a discussion of changes in cash flows from operating, investing and financing
4.   Liquidity                    This includes a discussion of changes in cash flows from operating, investing and financing
                                  activities. This section also describes the Company’s available capital resources, financial
                                  activities. This section also describes the Company’s available capital resources, financial
                                  instruments, and off-balance sheet financing and guarantees. Measures of liquidity (DSO)
                                  instruments, and off-balance sheet financing and guarantees. Measures of liquidity (DSO)
                                  and capital structure (ROE, net debt to capitalization, and ROIC) are analyzed on a year-
                                  and capital structure (ROE, net debt to capitalization, and ROIC) are analyzed on a year-
                                  over-year basis.
                                  over-year basis.
                                  4.1. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                       24
                                  4.1. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                       24
                                  4.2. Capital Resources                                                                           27
                                  4.2. Capital Resources                                                                           27
                                  4.3. Contractual Obligations                                                                     28
                                  4.3. Contractual Obligations                                                                     28
                                  4.4. Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions                                              29
                                  4.4. Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions                                              29
                                  4.5. Selected Measures of Liquidity and Capital Resources                                        30
                                  4.5. Selected Measures of Liquidity and Capital Resources                                        30
                                  4.6. Off-Balance Sheet Financing and Guarantees                                                  30
                                  4.6. Off-Balance Sheet Financing and Guarantees                                                  30
                                  4.7. Capability to Deliver Results                                                               31
                                  4.7. Capability to Deliver Results                                                               31
5.     Fourth Quarter             A discussion of year-over-year changes to operating results between the three months
5.     Fourth Quarter             A discussion of year-over-year changes to operating results between the three months
       Results                    ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, describing the factors affecting revenue, adjusted
       Results                    ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, describing the factors affecting revenue, adjusted
                                  EBIT earnings on a consolidated and reportable segment basis as well as cash from
                                  EBIT earnings on a consolidated and reportable segment basis as well as cash from
                                  operating activities.
                                  operating activities.
                                  5.1. Foreign Exchange                                                                            32
                                  5.1. Foreign Exchange                                                                            32
                                  5.2. Revenue Variation and Revenue by Segment                                                    33
                                  5.2. Revenue Variation and Revenue by Segment                                                    33
                                  5.3. Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                                    36
                                  5.3. Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                                    36
                                  5.4. Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                                         38
                                  5.4. Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                                         38
                                  5.5. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                       40
                                  5.5. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                       40
6.     Eight Quarter              A summary of the past eight quarters’ key performance measures and a discussion of the           42
6.     Eight Quarter              A summary of the past eight quarters’ key performance measures and a discussion of the           42
       Summary                    factors that could impact our quarterly results.
       Summary                    factors that could impact our quarterly results.

7.     Changes in                 A summary of the future accounting standard changes.                                             44
7.     Changes in                 A summary of the future accounting standard changes.                                             44
       Accounting Policies
       Accounting Policies
                                  A discussion of the critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of the audited         45
8.     Critical Accounting        A discussion of the critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of the audited         45
8.     Critical Accounting        consolidated financial statements.
       Estimates                  consolidated financial statements.
       Estimates

9.     Integrity of               A discussion of the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures and controls        48
9.     Integrity of               A discussion of the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures and controls        48
       Disclosure                 to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally is complete and reliable.
       Disclosure                 to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally is complete and reliable.
10.    Risk Environment           A discussion of the risks affecting our business activities and what may be the impact if
10.    Risk Environment           A discussion of the risks affecting our business activities and what may be the impact if
                                  these risks are realized.
                                  these risks are realized.
                                  10.1.    Risks and Uncertainties                                                                 49
                                  10.1.    Risks and Uncertainties                                                                 49
                                  10.2.    Legal Proceedings                                                                       56
                                  10.2.    Legal Proceedings                                                                       56




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                       Page    5
CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                       Page    5




                                                                                                                                         5
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




1.    Corporate Overview


      1.1. ABOUT CGI

      Founded in 1976 and headquartered in Montreal, Canada, CGI is among the largest independent information technology (“IT”)
      and business process services (“BPS”) firms in the world with approximately 65,000 employees worldwide, referred to as
      members. The Company operates through our client-proximity business model to work closely with clients at the local level,
      providing deep industry and technology expertise and high responsiveness. This is complemented through CGI's global delivery
      network, which offers the advantages of best-fit expertise and resources.

      Our services can be categorized as:

          •    Consulting - CGI provides a full range of IT and management consulting services, including business transformation,
               IT strategic planning, business process engineering and systems architecture.

          •    Systems integration - CGI customizes particular technologies and applications to create responsive technology
               systems that answer clients’ strategic needs.

          •    Management of IT and business functions (“outsourcing”) - Clients delegate entire or partial responsibility for
               their IT or business functions to CGI. In return, significant efficiency improvements and cost savings are delivered.
               Service and delivery options includes onsite, onshore, near-shore and/or offshore centers - each offering an unique
               value equation and proposition for clients. Typical services provided as part of an end-to-end engagement can include:
               application development, maintenance and integration; technology infrastructure management and transaction and
               business processing such as collections or payroll functions. At any time, these clients can leverage the global footprint
               and experience CGI offers, - cloud services, or managed security services or data analytics. Outsourcing contracts
               are typically long-term, having a duration of five to ten years.

      CGI offers clients deep domain expertise across a set of vertical markets in which we have extensive networks of subject
      matter experts working to support local client relationships worldwide. This allows us to continuously learn and adapt to our
      clients’ business realities while providing the knowledge and solutions needed to advance their business goals. These vertical
      markets or targeted industries account for 90% of global IT spend and include: government, financial services, manufacturing,
      retail and consumer services, utilities, communications, health, oil & gas, transportation and post & logistics. While these
      represent our go to market industry list, for the purposes of financial reporting they are grouped into the following - financial
      services, government, health, telecommunications & utilities and manufacturing, retail & distribution (“MRD”).

      CGI offers more than 150 mission-critical, IP-based solutions and frameworks for all of the industries we serve and to support
      clients’ cross-industry functions. These CGI-developed solutions include software applications, reusable frameworks and
      delivery methods. Examples include solutions in the areas of ERP, energy and workforce management, credit and debt
      collections, tax management, claims auditing and fraud detection.

      We take great pride in delivering high-quality services to our clients. To do so consistently, we have implemented and continue
      to maintain the International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”) quality program. By designing and implementing rigorous
      service delivery and quality standards, followed by monitoring and measurement, we are better able to satisfy our clients’
      needs.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                    Page   6




      6
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      1.2. VISION AND STRATEGY

      At CGI, we have a vision of being a global world-class IT and BPS leader, that helps its clients succeed. This business vision
      begins with our dream, which is "to create an environment in which we enjoy working together and, as owners, contribute to
      building a Company we can be proud of." To realize this dream we developed our Build and Buy strategy, comprised of four
      pillars that combine profitable organic growth ("Build") and accretive acquisitions ("Buy").

      The first two pillars of our strategy relates to profitable organic growth. The first pillar focuses on smaller contract wins, renewals
      and extensions. The second involves the pursuit of large, long-term outsourcing contracts, leveraging our end-to-end services,
      global delivery model and critical mass.

      The third pillar of our growth strategy focuses on the acquisition of smaller firms or niche players. We identify niche acquisitions
      through a strategic mapping program that systematically searches for targets that will strengthen our vertical market knowledge
      or increase the richness of our IP-based services and solutions offerings. Today, CGI can leverage a global distribution channel
      for IP-based services and solutions offerings, further enhancing client proximity and quality of revenue.

      The fourth pillar involves the pursuit of transformational acquisitions further expanding our geographic presence and critical
      mass. This approach further enables us to compete for large outsourcing contracts and deepen our client relationships. CGI
      continues to be a consolidator in the IT services industry.

      Since 1976, CGI's members, by working together toward the same dream and vision, have built a company with deep industry
      knowledge, complemented by more than 150 innovative IP-based services and solutions, and a critical mass in key
      geographies. Remaining true to our values, mission and dream, CGI adapts to best respond changes in the IT markets, while
      maintaining a high level of satisfaction among its three stakeholders: members, shareholders, and clients. Today, with a
      presence in some 40 countries and more than $10 billion in revenues, our aspiration is to double our size over a 5 to 7 year
      period.


      1.3. COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT

      As a global provider of end-to-end IT and BPS, CGI operates in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving global industry. Our
      competition comprises a variety of players, from niche companies providing specialized services and software to global end-
      to-end IT service providers, as well as large consulting firms and government suppliers, all of whom are competing to deliver
      some or all of the services we provide.

      There are many factors involved in winning and retaining IT and BPS contracts, including the following: vertical market expertise;
      track record of delivering on time and within budget; total cost of services; investment in business solutions; local presence;
      global delivery capabilities; and the strength of client relationships. CGI compares favorably with its competition with respect
      to all of these factors.

      Recent mergers and acquisition activity has resulted in CGI being positioned as one of the few remaining global IT services
      firms that operates independently of any hardware or software vendor. Our independence allows CGI to deliver the best-suited
      technology available to our clients.

      CGI has long standing, focused practices in all of our core industries, providing clients with a partner that is not only expert in
      IT, but expert in their industries. This combination of business knowledge and technology expertise allows us to help our clients
      adapt as their industries change and, in the process, allows us to influence the evolution of the industries in which our clients
      operate.

      Our business model is rooted in client proximity and has proved to be scalable with the addition of onshore, near-shore and
      off-shore delivery centers. We deliver value to our client through the following principles:

          •    Local accountability: We live and work near our clients to provide a high level of responsiveness. Our local CGI team
               speaks our clients' language, understands their business environment, and collaborates to meet their goals and
               advance their business.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                        Page   7




                                                                                                                                          7
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




          •    Committed experts: CGI’s professionals have extensive industry, business and technology expertise to help our
               clients succeed. In addition, a majority of our professionals are company owners, providing an added level of
               commitment to the success of our clients.
          •    Global reach: Our local presence is complemented by an expansive global delivery network that ensures our clients
               have access to the best-fit capabilities and resources to meet their needs 24/7.
          •    Comprehensive quality processes: CGI’s investment in quality frameworks and rigorous client satisfaction
               assessments provides for a consistent track record of on time and within budget project delivery.
          •    Tangible innovation: Our full-offering strategy is complemented by a broad portfolio of services and solutions that
               enable clients to optimize business operations, better serve customers and drive growth. In close collaboration with
               clients and partners, we apply cross-industry insights that maximize current investments while taking advantage of
               new technologies and ideas.


      CGI’s business operations are aligned through the CGI Management Foundation, which encompasse governance policies
      and sophisticated management frameworks that reflect our collective experience and have been developed to make our
      actions as efficient as possible. This efficiency must first and foremost respect a number of principles, which are themselves
      integrated into the Management Foundation including: the dream, the vision, the mission and the values of the Company; the
      equilibrium between the interests of our clients, members and shareholders; the balance between the need to assure
      cohesiveness and rigor in the management of the Company and the commitment to promote autonomy, initiative and
      entrepreneurship.

      CGI has operated under the same fundamental beliefs and quality-focused business model for 40 years. We believe our
      consistent ability to execute this model will continue to create value for all of our stakeholders. We remain fully committed to
      these fundamentals that can be summarized as: strong client relationships built upon a local accountable approach, committed
      experts, comprehensive quality processes and tangible innovation; proven Build and Buy growth strategy that provides a
      balanced mix of organic growth and acquisitions; competitive global delivery model that combines on-site responsiveness
      with the value of remote delivery; employee ownership with the vast majority owning stock, making CGI's commitment to
      achieving client success a common goal and; solid profitability, cash flow and backlog demonstrating our focus on running a
      sound and stable business for the long term.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                 Page   8




      8
                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



2. Highlights and Key Performance Measures

      2.1. FISCAL 2015 HIGHLIGHTS

      Key performance figures for the period include:

          •    Revenue of $10,287.1 million;

          •    Bookings of $11.6 billion; representing a book-to-bill ratio of 113.2%;

          •    Backlog of $20.7 billion, up $2.5 billion;

          •    Adjusted EBIT of $1,457.3 million, up $100.4 million;

          •    Adjusted EBIT margin of 14.2%, up 130 basis points;

          •    Net earnings prior to specific items1 of $1,005.1 million, up 12.5%;

          •    Net earnings margin prior to specific items1 of 9.8% up 130 basis points;

          •    Diluted EPS prior to specific items1 of $3.13, up 11.8%;

          •    Cash provided by operating activities of $1,289.3 million representing 12.5% of revenue;

          •    Return on invested capital of 14.5%;

          •    Return on equity of 17.7%; and

          •    Net debt of $1,779.6 million, down $333.7 million.
          1
               Specific items include the integration-related costs net of tax, the restructuring costs net of tax, the resolution of acquisition-related provisions net of
               tax and the tax adjustments which are discussed on page 23.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                                    Page     9




                                                                                                                                                                       9
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      2.2. SELECTED YEARLY INFORMATION & KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES


                                                                                                                                         Change              Change
          As at and for the years ended September 30,                              2015                2014                 2013        2015 / 2014         2014 / 2013
          In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
          Growth
          Backlog                                                                20,711              18,237               18,677               2,474                 (440)
          Bookings                                                               11,640              10,169               10,310               1,471                 (141)
          Book-to-bill ratio                                                     113.2%                96.8%              102.2%               16.4%                (5.4%)
          Revenue                                                              10,287.1            10,499.7             10,084.6               (212.6)              415.1
          Year-over-year growth                                                  (2.0%)                4.1%               111.3%               (6.1%)            (107.2%)
          Constant currency growth 1                                             (4.0%)              (2.9%)               110.1%               (1.1%)            (113.0%)
          Profitability
          Adjusted EBIT 2                                                       1,457.3              1,356.9              1,075.6              100.4                281.3
           Adjusted EBIT margin                                                   14.2%                12.9%                10.7%               1.3%                 2.2%
                                                    3
          Net earnings prior to specific items                                  1,005.1                893.5                727.7              111.6                165.8
           Net earnings margin prior to specific items 3                            9.8%               8.5%                 7.2%                1.3%                 1.3%
          Diluted EPS prior to specific items 3 (in dollars)                        3.13                 2.80                2.30                0.33                0.50
          Net earnings                                                             977.6               859.4                455.8              118.2                403.6
           Net earnings margin                                                      9.5%               8.2%                 4.5%                1.3%                 3.7%
          Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                                  3.04                 2.69                1.44                0.35                1.25
          Liquidity
          Cash provided by operating activities                                 1,289.3              1,174.8                671.3              114.5                503.5
           As a % of revenue                                                      12.5%                11.2%                 6.7%               1.3%                 4.5%
          Days sales outstanding 4                                                    44                   43                  49                    1                   (6)
          Capital structure
          Net debt 5                                                            1,779.6              2,113.3             2,739.9               (333.7)             (626.6)
                                                6
          Net debt to capitalization ratio                                        21.7%                27.6%               39.6%               (5.9%)             (12.0%)
          Return on equity 7                                                      17.7%                18.8%               12.3%               (1.1%)                6.5%
          Return on invested capital 8                                            14.5%                14.5%               11.8%                 —                   2.7%
          Balance sheet
          Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term                                305.3               535.7                106.2              (230.4)              429.5
          investments
          Total assets                                                         11,787.3            11,234.1             10,879.3               553.2                354.8
                                            9
          Long-term financial liabilities                                       1,896.4              2,748.4             2,489.5               (852.0)              258.9

      1
               Constant currency growth is adjusted to remove the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Please refer to page 16 for details.
      2
               Adjusted EBIT is a measure for which we provide the reconciliation to its closest IFRS measure on page 21.
      3
               Specific items include the integration-related costs net of tax, the restructuring costs net of tax, the resolution of acquisition-related provisions net of tax
               and the tax adjustments which are discussed on page 23.
      4
               DSO is a measure which is discussed on page 30.
      5
               Net debt is a measure for which we provide the reconciliation to its closest IFRS measure on page 30.
      6
               The net debt to capitalization ratio is a measure which is discussed on page 30.
      7
               ROE is a measure which is discussed on page 30.
      8
               ROIC is a measure which is discussed on page 30.
      9
               Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt and the long-term derivative financial instruments.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                                       Page     10




      10
                                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      2.3. STOCK PERFORMANCE




      2.3.1. Fiscal 2015 Trading Summary

      CGI’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) (stock quote – GIB.A) and the New York Stock Exchange
      (“NYSE”) (stock quote – GIB) and are included in various indexes such as the S&P/TSX 60 Index.

          TSX                                                            (CAD)               NYSE                                   (USD)
          Open:                                                           37.65              Open:                                   33.74
          High:                                                           57.69              High:                                   46.30
          Low:                                                            36.35              Low:                                    31.99
          Close:                                                        48.35                Close:                                  36.21
                                                       1
          CDN average daily trading volumes :                       1,197,371                NYSE average daily trading volumes:   250,690
      1
                 Includes the average daily volumes of both the TSX and alternative trading systems.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                        Page   11




                                                                                                                                          11
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      2.3.2. Share Repurchase Program

      On January 28, 2015, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received the approval from the TSX
      for the renewal of the Normal Course Issuer Bid (“NCIB”) to purchase up to 19,052,207 Class A subordinate voting shares for
      cancellation, representing 10% of the Company’s public float as of the close of business on January 23, 2015. The Class A
      subordinate voting shares may be purchased under the NCIB commencing February 11, 2015 and ending on the earlier of
      February 10, 2016, or the date on which the Company has either acquired the maximum number of Class A subordinate voting
      shares allowable under the NCIB, or elects to terminate the NCIB.

      During fiscal 2015, CGI repurchased 6,925,735 Class A subordinate voting shares for approximately $332.5 million at an
      average price of $48.01 under the current NCIB. This includes a total of 6,350,735 Class A subordinate voting shares acquired
      for cancellation between May and September 2015 pursuant to issuer bid orders issued by the Ontario Securities Commission
      at a price representing a discount to the prevailing market price of the shares on the TSX. As at September 30, 2015, the
      Company may purchase up to 12,126,472 million shares under the current NCIB.


      2.3.3. Capital Stock and Options Outstanding
      The following table provides a summary of the Capital Stock and Options Outstanding as at November 6, 2015:

       Capital Stock and Options Outstanding                                                              As at November 6, 2015
       Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                             275,660,077
       Class B multiple voting shares                                                                                  33,272,767
       Options to purchase Class A subordinate voting shares                                                           20,281,560



      2.4 RESTRUCTURING PROGRAM

      On July 28, 2015, the Company announced it will take approximately $60.0 million pre-tax charge during Q4 2015 and Q1
      2016 to advance the realization of benefits associated with productivity enablers and other cost initiatives expected to yield
      savings throughout fiscal 2016. A total amount of $35.9 million was expensed during Q4 2015 and the remaining amount will
      be expensed in Q1 2016.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                               Page   12




      12
                                                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



3. 3. Résultats
   Financial    financiers
             Review


      3.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
             3.1. NOUVEAUX CONTRATS ET RATIO NOUVEAUX CONTRATS/FACTURATION
      Bookings for the year were $11.6 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 113.2%. The breakdown of the new bookings signed
           Les nouveaux contrats pour l’exercice ont atteint 11,6 milliards $, représentant un ratio nouveaux contrats/facturation de
      during the year is as follows:
             113,2 %. La répartition des nouveaux contrats conclus au cours l’exercice considéré s’établit comme suit :


                                                                                                                     E         F                                  D          E
                                                                                                             D
                        B                                                         A                                                                        C
                                       A                          B                                          C                      A                                            A

                                                                                                                       B                                          B


                   Contract Type                                  Service Type                                         Segment                                   Vertical Market
                       Type de contrat                            Type de service                         Secteurs opérationnels                               Secteurs cibles
       A.    Extensions and                   64%    A.     Systems integration and           40 %     A.    Canada                              29%    A. Government                          28%
              A. Prolongations et                         A. Intégration de systèmes et              A. Canada ......................... 29 %        A. Gouvernements ............ 28 %
             renewals
                 renouvellements ............ 64 %          consulting
                                                             de services-conseils .... 40 %            B.    U.S.                                21%    B. Telecommunications &
                                                                                                              .............................. 21 %14% B.
                                                                                                    B. C.É.-U.Nordics                                    Télécommunications et
                                                                                                                                                            utilities                          27%
              B. Nouvelles ententes ......... 36 %     B. Gestion de fonctions                                                                           services publics ............ 27 %
       B.    New business                    36%     B. Management       of   IT  and
                                                          informatiques et d’affaires
                                                                                               60 % C. D.PaysFrance
                                                                                                               nordiques                         11%    C.  Financial services                 20%
                                                         business   functions
                                                          (impartition) .................. 60 %              U.K. ..................... 14 %14% C. D.Services
                                                                                                       E.européens                                          MRD financiers ........ 20 %       18%
                                                         (outsourcing)                              D. F.France........................... 11 %10% D. E. Health
                                                                                                             ECS                                         Manufacturier,                         7%
                                                                                                       G.    Asia Pacific                         1%     distribution et détail ....... 18 %
                                                                                                     E. R.-U. ............................. 14 %
                                                                                                                                                    E. Services de santé ............ 7 %
                                                                                                     F.   ECS .............................. 10 %
      Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. However, due to the timing and
                                                                          G. Asie-Pacifique ................. 1 %
      transition period associated with outsourcing contracts, the realization of revenue related to these bookings may fluctuate
      from period to period. The values initially booked may change over time due to their variable attributes, including demand-
            L’information concernant nos nouveaux contrats est un indicateur clé de notre volume d’affaires au fil du temps.
      driven usage, modifications in the scope of work to be performed caused by changes in client requirements as well as
            Cependant, compte tenu des délais de prise d’effet de nos contrats d’impartition et des périodes de transition précédant
      termination clauses at the option of the client. As such, information regarding our bookings is not comparable to, nor should
            leur mise en œuvre, les revenus associés à ces nouveaux contrats peuvent fluctuer d’une période à l’autre. Les valeurs
      it be initialement
             substituted comptabilisées
                          for an analysispeuvent
                                          of our revenue; it is instead a key indicator of our future revenue used by the Company’s
                                                 changer avec le temps en raison de leur caractère variable, y compris l’utilisation
      management      to measure   growth.
            découlant de la demande, les modifications de la portée des travaux à exécuter découlant de changements des demandes
          des clients
      The following   ainsi
                    table   que lesadispositions
                          provides   summary ofdetherésiliation
                                                      bookingsau  grébook-to-bill
                                                                and    des clients. Parbyconséquent,
                                                                                  ratio   segment: l’information concernant nos
             nouveaux contrats ne doit pas faire l’objet d’une comparaison avec l’analyse de nos revenus ni se substituer à une telle
             analyse. Il s’agit plutôt d’un indicateur clé de nos revenus futurs utilisé par la direction de la Société pour évaluer
                                                                                         Bookings for the        Book-to-bill ratio for
             la croissance.
        In thousands  of CAD except for percentages                                            year ended              the year ended
                                                                                       September 30, 2015         September 30, 2015

            Total CGI                                                                                                                    11,640,275                                    113.2 %

            U.S.                                                                                                                           2,462,911                                     84.7 %
            Nordics                                                                                                                        1,664,422                                     98.0 %
            Canada                                                                                                                         3,330,490                                   205.8 %
            France                                                                                                                         1,311,002                                   101.2 %
            U.K.                                                                                                                           1,600,090                                   111.2 %
            ECS                                                                                                                            1,171,227                                     99.4 %
            Asia Pacific                                                                                                                      100,133                                    67.1 %




      Groupe CGI inc. – Rapport de gestion pour l’exercice clos le 30 septembre 2015                                                                                                 Page 14




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                                                             Page    13




                                                                                                                                                                                               13
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      3.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE

      The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
      value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates. We report all
      dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.

      Closing foreign exchange rates

       As at September 30,                                                                     2015         2014          Change

       U.S. dollar                                                                            1.3399      1.1209            19.5%
       Euro                                                                                   1.4958      1.4156             5.7%
       Indian rupee                                                                           0.0205      0.0181            13.3%
       British pound                                                                          2.0252      1.8182            11.4%
       Swedish krona                                                                          0.1596      0.1554             2.7%
       Australian dollar                                                                      0.9405      0.9791            (3.9%)


      Average foreign exchange rates

       For the years ended September 30,                                                       2015        2014           Change

       U.S. dollar                                                                            1.2294      1.0833           13.5%
       Euro                                                                                   1.4081      1.4700            (4.2%)
       Indian rupee                                                                           0.0195      0.0178            9.6%
       British pound                                                                          1.8983      1.7953            5.7%
       Swedish krona                                                                          0.1506      0.1635            (7.9%)
       Australian dollar                                                                      0.9634      0.9971            (3.4%)




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                               Page   14




      14
                                                                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      3.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
              3.3. RÉPARTITION DES REVENUS
      The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year:
              Les graphiques suivants fournissent des renseignements additionnels sur la répartition de nos revenus pour l’exercice :


                                                                                                                                                                                    D
                                                                                                             E F         G                                                                   E
                                                                                                     D                                                                  C
                                                                   A.1
                           B                 A
                                                                                                                                  A                                                              A
                                                                                                         C
                                                                   A.2                                                                                                        B
                                                                                                                     B


                                   Service Type                                                               Client Geography                                                      Vertical Market
                                     Type de service                                               Répartition géographique                                                 Secteurs cibles
       A.    Management
               A. Gestion de of fonctions
                                IT and business
                                              informatiques                      A.A. É.-U.U.S.
                                                                                            ................................................ 29 %        29%
                                                                                                                                                           A.   A.    Government
                                                                                                                                                                Gouvernements ............................ 34 %        34 %
             functions   (outsourcing)
                   et d’affaires                                             54%
                                 (impartition) .......................... 54 %     B.     Canada                                                         15%    B.      MRD                                            23 %
                                                                                 B. Canada ........................................... 15 %                B.   Manufacturier,
             1.    1.IT services
                        Services en TI .......................... 4444%  %         C.     U.K.                                                           14%    C.      Financial
                                                                                                                                                                distribution       services
                                                                                                                                                                             et détail....................... 23 %     20 %
             2.     Business process services                           10%      C.D.R.-U.France
                                                                                              .............................................. 14 %        12%    D.      Telecommunications & utilities                 15 %
                   2. Services en gestion des processus                                                                                                    C.   Services financiers ....................... 20 %
                        d’affaires................................... 10 %       D.E. France
                                                                                          Sweden
                                                                                               ............................................. 12 %         8%    E.      Health                                          8%
       B.    Systems integration and consulting                              46%   F.     Finland                                                          D.
                                                                                                                                                          6%    Télécommunications et
               B. Intégration de systèmes et                                     E.   Suède    ............................................... 8 %              services publics ............................ 15 %
                                                                                   G.     Rest of the world                                              16%
                    services-conseils ...................................... 46 %
                                                                                        F.   Finlande ............................................ 6 %     E. Services de santé ........................... 8 %
                                                                                        G. Reste du monde ............................. 16 %
      3.3.1. Client Concentration
      IFRS guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known to the reporting
             3.3.1. Concentration de la clientèle
      enterprise to be under common control. The Company considers the federal, regional or local governments each to be a single
            Les lignes directrices des IFRS sur les informations sectorielles définissent un seul client comme un groupe d’entités que
      customer. Our work for the U.S. federal government including its various agencies represented 14.0% of our revenue for fiscal
            l’entreprise publiante sait être sous contrôle commun. La Société considère que les gouvernements fédéraux, régionaux
      2015 as compared to 13.4% in fiscal 2014.
              et locaux sont chacun considérés comme un seul client. Nos activités auprès du gouvernement fédéral américain, y
              compris ses diverses agences, ont représenté 14,0 % de nos revenus pour l’exercice 2015, contre 13,4 % pour
              l’exercice 2014.




       Groupe CGI inc. – Rapport de gestion pour l’exercice clos le 30 septembre 2015                                                                                                                      Page 16




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                                                                                     Page    15




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       15
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      3.4. REVENUE VARIATION AND REVENUE BY SEGMENT

      Our seven segments are based on our geographic delivery model: U.S., Nordics, Canada, France, U.K., ECS and Asia Pacific.

      The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment, separately
      showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014. The fiscal 2014 revenue
      by segment was recorded reflecting the actual foreign exchange rates for that period. The foreign exchange impact is the
      difference between the current period’s actual results and the current period’s results converted with the prior year’s foreign
      exchange rates.


                                                                                                                          Change
     For the years ended September 30,
                                                                                              2015        2014     $               %
     In thousands of CAD except for percentages
     Total CGI revenue                                                              10,287,096       10,499,692   (212,596)            (2.0%)
     Variation prior to foreign currency impact                                           (4.0%)
     Foreign currency impact                                                                  2.0%
     Variation over previous period                                                       (2.0%)

     U.S.
     Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                        2,478,402        2,664,876   (186,474)            (7.0%)
     Foreign currency impact                                                           334,725
     U.S. revenue                                                                    2,813,127        2,664,876   148,251              5.6%

     Nordics
     Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                        1,752,958        1,826,091    (73,133)            (4.0%)
     Foreign currency impact                                                          (113,973)
     Nordics revenue                                                                 1,638,985        1,826,091   (187,106)        (10.2%)

     Canada
     Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                        1,532,203        1,638,320   (106,117)            (6.5%)
     Foreign currency impact                                                              1,516
     Canada revenue                                                                  1,533,719        1,638,320   (104,601)            (6.4%)

     France
     Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                        1,339,947        1,333,792        6,155           0.5%
     Foreign currency impact                                                            (56,560)
     France revenue                                                                  1,283,387        1,333,792    (50,405)            (3.8%)

     U.K.
     Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                        1,259,960        1,283,847    (23,887)            (1.9%)
     Foreign currency impact                                                            71,327
     U.K. revenue                                                                    1,331,287        1,283,847    47,440              3.7%

     ECS
     Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                        1,267,220        1,327,682    (60,462)            (4.6%)
     Foreign currency impact                                                            (55,992)
     ECS revenue                                                                     1,211,228        1,327,682   (116,454)            (8.8%)

     Asia Pacific
     Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                          444,694         425,084     19,610              4.6%
     Foreign currency impact                                                            30,669
     Asia Pacific revenue                                                              475,363         425,084     50,279           11.8%




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                        Page    16




     16
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      We ended fiscal 2015 with revenue of $10,287.1 million, a decrease of $212.6 million or 2.0% over fiscal 2014. On a constant
      currency basis, revenue decreased by $424.3 million or 4.0%, as foreign currency rate fluctuations favorably impacted our
      revenue by $211.7 million or 2.0%. The change in revenue was due to the expiration of certain contracts in infrastructure
      services mainly in Canada and to the completion in 2014 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ("ACA") projects
      in our U.S. segment.

      3.4.1. U.S.
      Revenue in our U.S. segment was $2,813.1 million in fiscal 2015, an increase of $148.3 million or 5.6% over fiscal 2014. On
      a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $186.5 million or 7.0%. The change in revenue was mostly driven by the
      procurement delays in the Federal market and to the completion of ACA related projects in fiscal 2014. This was partly offset
      by growth mainly in our commercial sector with a growing proportion of IP-based services and solutions revenue in the financial
      services vertical market.

      For the current year, the top two U.S. vertical markets were government and financial services, which together accounted for
      approximately 76% of revenue.

      3.4.2. Nordics
      Revenue in our Nordics segment was $1,639.0 million in fiscal 2015, a decrease of $187.1 million or 10.2% over fiscal 2014.
      On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $73.1 million or 4.0%. The decrease in revenue was due to lower work
      volume in Sweden and Denmark as well as the increased use of our delivery centers in Asia Pacific.

      For the current year, Nordic's top two vertical markets were MRD and government, which together accounted for approximately
      66% of revenue.

      3.4.3. Canada
      Revenue in our Canada segment was 1,533.7 million in fiscal 2015, a decrease of $104.6 million or 6.4% over fiscal 2014.
      The revenue decrease was mainly due to lower work volume and the expiration of certain infrastructure contracts.

      For the current year, Canada’s top two vertical markets were financial services and telecommunications & utilities, which
      together accounted for approximately 58% of revenue.

      3.4.4. France
      Revenue in our France segment was $1,283.4 million in fiscal 2015, a decrease of $50.4 million or 3.8% over fiscal 2014. On
      a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $6.2 million or 0.5%, mainly as a result of higher consulting revenue within
      the government vertical market.

      For the current year, France’s top two vertical markets were MRD and financial services, which together accounted for
      approximately 63% of revenue.

      3.4.5. U.K.
      For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, revenue in our U.K. segment was $1,331.3 million, an increase of $47.4 million
      or 3.7% over the fiscal 2014. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $23.9 million or 1.9%. The decrease in
      revenue was mainly due to lower work volume with certain clients in the commercial sector primarily in MRD and financial
      services partly offset by new business in telecommunication & utilities and government as well as additional change orders
      on certain large contracts.

      For the current year, U.K.’s top two vertical markets were government and telecommunications & utilities, which together
      accounted for approximately 68% of revenue.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                Page   17




                                                                                                                                  17
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      3.4.6. ECS
      Revenue in our ECS segment was $1,211.2 million in fiscal 2015, a decrease of $116.5 million or 8.8% over fiscal 2014. On
      a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $60.5 million or 4.6%. The decrease in revenue was due to lower work
      volume on existing contracts in the Netherlands and to a lesser extent, the planned wind down of activities in Switzerland and
      in Latin America with the exception of Brazil.

      For the current year, ECS’s top two vertical markets were MRD and telecommunication & utilities, which together accounted
      for approximately 57% of revenue.

      3.4.7. Asia Pacific
      Revenue in our Asia Pacific segment was $475.4 million in fiscal 2015, an increase of $50.3 million or 11.8% over fiscal 2014.
      On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $19.6 million or 4.6%. The change in revenue was due to the increased
      use of our delivery centers across the segments as our clients continue taking advantage of our global delivery network.

      For the current year, Asia Pacific’s top two vertical markets were telecommunications & utilities and MRD, which together
      accounted for approximately 79% of revenue.


      3.5. OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                    % of                    % of         Change
       For the years ended September 30,
                                                                  2015         Revenue            2014    Revenue    $             %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       Costs of services, selling and administrative         8,819,055          85.7%         9,129,791    87.0%    (310,736)     (3.4%)
       Foreign exchange loss                                    10,733            0.1%          13,042      0.1%      (2,309)   (17.7%)


      3.5.1. Costs of Services, Selling and Administrative
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, costs of services, selling and administrative expenses amounted to $8,819.1 million,
      a decrease of $310.7 million or 3.4% over the same period of fiscal 2014. As a percentage of revenue, cost of services, selling
      and administrative expenses improved from 87.0% to 85.7%. As a percentage of revenue, our costs of services improved
      compared to the same period last year mainly due to the extra resources and expenses needed in fiscal 2014 to complete
      the ACA related projects. Our selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue also improved as a result of
      the ongoing realization of the business synergies and the implementation of CGI's Management Foundation from the integration
      of Logica. More information on the integration can be found on page 21.

      During the year ended September 30, 2015, the translation of the results of our foreign operations from their local currencies
      to the Canadian dollar unfavorably impacted costs by $173.2 million, substantially offsetting the favourable translation impact
      of $211.7 million on our revenue.

      3.5.2. Foreign Exchange Loss
      The Company, in addition to its natural hedges, has a strategy in place to manage its exposure, to the extent possible, to
      exchange rate fluctuations through the effective use of derivatives. During fiscal year 2015, CGI incurred $10.7 million of
      foreign exchange loss mainly driven by the timing in payments combined with the volatility and fluctuation of foreign exchange
      rates.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                       Page   18




      18
                                                                                                          FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      3.6. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT

                                                                                                                  Change
       For the years ended September 30,
                                                                                2015              2014    $                %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       U.S.                                                                  454,325           303,515    150,810          49.7%
         As a percentage of U.S. revenue                                       16.2%             11.4%

       Nordics                                                               153,841           164,721    (10,880)          (6.6%)
         As a percentage of Nordics revenue                                      9.4%             9.0%

       Canada                                                                343,692           361,136    (17,444)          (4.8%)
         As a percentage of Canada revenue                                     22.4%             22.0%

       France                                                                146,615           155,695        (9,080)       (5.8%)
         As a percentage of France revenue                                     11.4%             11.7%

       U.K.                                                                  163,603           164,977        (1,374)       (0.8%)
         As a percentage of U.K. revenue                                       12.3%             12.9%

       ECS                                                                   118,141           138,656    (20,515)         (14.8%)
         As a percentage of ECS revenue                                          9.8%            10.4%

       Asia Pacific                                                           77,091            68,159        8,932        13.1%
         As a percentage of Asia Pacific revenue                               16.2%             16.0%

       Adjusted EBIT                                                       1,457,308          1,356,859   100,449              7.4%
         Adjusted EBIT margin                                                  14.2%             12.9%

      For the year ended September 30, 2015, adjusted EBIT was $1,457.3 million, an increase of $100.4 million or 7.4% from the
      year ended September 30, 2014. When excluding $76.3 million of non-recurring benefits during fiscal 2014, mainly from
      benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related provisions, adjusted EBIT increased by $176.7 million. When excluding
      the same non-recurring items of 2014, adjusted EBIT margin increased to 14.2% from 12.2% over the same period last year.
      The favorable variance was primarily due to the completion of ACA related projects which required additional resources and
      expenses in fiscal 2014 and productivity improvements across Europe and Asia Pacific.

      3.6.1. U.S.
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. segment was $454.3 million, an increase of $150.8 million
      compared to fiscal 2014, while the margin increased to 16.2% from 11.4%. The improved profitability is mainly due to the extra
      resources and expenses needed in fiscal 2014 to complete the ACA related projects and the increase in volume from existing
      and new business mainly in financial services with an improved mix of IP-based services and solutions revenue.

      3.6.2. Nordics
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, adjusted EBIT in the Nordics segment was $153.8 million, as compared to $164.7
      million for fiscal 2014. When excluding the $8.5 million curtailment gain on a pension plan obligation and $11.7 million of non-
      recurring benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related provisions in fiscal 2014, adjusted EBIT increased by $9.3
      million. When excluding the non-recurring benefits in 2014, adjusted EBIT margin was 9.4%, an improvement from 7.9%. The
      increase in adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBIT margin was mainly attributable to the realization of cost synergies implemented
      as part of the integration of Logica and the increased use of offshoring to lower our cost base.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                     Page   19




                                                                                                                                       19
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      3.6.3. Canada
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $343.7 million, a decrease of $17.4
      million compared to fiscal 2014 which mainly resulted from the factors identified in the revenue section. Despite the revenue
      decrease, the Canada segment maintained a strong and stable adjusted EBIT margin through its proactive management of
      its cost base.

      3.6.4. France
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, adjusted EBIT in the France segment was $146.6 million, as compared to $155.7
      million for fiscal 2014. When excluding the $20.4 million of non-recurring benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related
      provisions and the renegotiation of a low margin contract in 2014, adjusted EBIT increased by $11.3 million. When excluding
      the non-recurring benefits in 2014, adjusted EBIT margin increased to 11.4%, from 10.1%. This increase in both adjusted
      EBIT and margin was mainly attributable to the realization of the cost synergies implemented as part of the integration of
      Logica and improved year-over-year utilization rates.

      3.6.5. U.K.
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, adjusted EBIT in the U.K. segment was $163.6 million, as compared to $165.0 million
      for fiscal 2014. When excluding the $17.1 million of non-recurring benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related
      provisions mainly for the renegotiation of office leases and settlement of tax credits during fiscal 2014, adjusted EBIT increased
      by $15.7 million and adjusted EBIT margin increased to 12.3% from 11.5%. This increase in adjusted EBIT and margin was
      mainly the result of additional change orders on certain large contracts as well as ongoing productivity improvements.

      3.6.6. ECS
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, adjusted EBIT in the ECS segment was $118.1 million, as compared to $138.7
      million for fiscal 2014. When excluding the $17.6 million of non-recurring benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related
      provisions in fiscal 2014, adjusted EBIT decreased by $2.9 million which resulted mainly from the factors identified in the
      revenue section. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 9.8% from 9.1% when excluding the non-recurring benefits. The increased
      margin is mostly the result of productivity improvements and a better mix of profitable revenue.

      3.6.7. Asia Pacific
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $77.1 million, an increase of $8.9
      million, while the margin increased to 16.2% from 16.0% compared to fiscal 2014. This increase in adjusted EBIT margin for
      the year ended September 30, 2015 was mainly due to revenue growth and the implementation of additional productivity
      improvements in the global delivery centers.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                     Page   20




      20
                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      3.7. EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES
      The following table provides a reconciliation between our adjusted EBIT and earnings before income taxes, which is reported
      in accordance with IFRS.

                                                                                                                            Change
       For the years ended September 30,
                                                         2015      % of Revenue               2014     % of Revenue     $            %
       In thousands of CAD except for
       percentages
       Adjusted EBIT                                 1,457,308              14.2 %      1,356,859            12.9%     100,449           7.4%
       Minus the following items:
          Integration-related costs                           —               0.0%        127,341             1.2%    (127,341)      (100.0%)
          Restructuring costs                            35,903               0.3%                —            —        35,903           —
          Net finance costs                              92,857               0.9%            99,268          1.0%      (6,411)        (6.5%)
       Earnings before income taxes                  1,328,548              12.9%       1,130,250            10.8%     198,298        17.5%


      3.7.1. Integration-Related Costs
      For the year ended September 30, 2014, the Company incurred $127.3 million of integration-related costs pertained to the
      restructuring and transformation of Logica’s operations to the CGI operating model. In September 2014, we completed the
      integration of Logica at a total cost of $575.5 million to drive annual savings in excess of $400.0 million and enhanced EPS
      accretion. At the end of fiscal 2015, a balance of $32.2 million related to the integration remains to be disbursed. Further
      details are provided in section 4.1.1 of the present document.

      3.7.2. Restructuring Costs
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred $35.9 million of restructuring costs that pertained to the
      announced restructuring program for productivity improvement initiatives.

      3.7.2. Net Finance Costs
      Net finance costs mainly include the interest on our long-term debt. The decrease in net finance costs for the year ended
      September 30, 2015 was mainly the result of long-term debt repayments.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                          Page    21




                                                                                                                                            21
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      3.8. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
      The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:

                                                                                                                   Change
       For the years ended September 30,
                                                                                  2015              2014       $                 %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       Earnings before income taxes                                          1,328,548          1,130,250   198,298             17.5%
       Income tax expense                                                      350,992           270,807     80,185             29.6%
          Effective tax rate                                                      26.4%            24.0%
       Net earnings                                                            977,556           859,443    118,113             13.7%
          Net earnings margin                                                      9.5%             8.2%

       Weighted average number of shares outstanding

         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B                     311,477,555        308,743,126                         0.9%
         multiple voting shares (basic)

         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B                     321,422,444        318,927,737                         0.8%
         multiple voting shares (diluted)

       Earnings per share (in dollars)

         Basic                                                                      3.14             2.78      0.36             12.9%
         Diluted                                                                    3.04             2.69      0.35             13.0%


      3.8.1. Income Tax Expense
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, the income tax expense was $351.0 million, an increase of $80.2 million compared
      to $270.8 million over the same period last year, while our effective tax rate increased from 24.0% to 26.4%. When excluding
      the favorable tax adjustment of $11.9 million in fiscal 2014 that was mainly the result of the settlement of tax liabilities coming
      from the Logica acquisition, the income tax rate would have been 25.0% compared to 26.4% for the year ended September 30,
      2015. The increase in income tax rate was mainly attributable to the increased profitability in our U.S. operations where the
      enacted tax rate is higher.

      The table on page 23 shows the year-over-year comparison of the tax rate with the impact of all specific items removed.

      On July 8, 2015, the United Kingdom Finance Bill which includes the reduction in the U.K. corporate tax rate from 20% to
      19%, effective April 1, 2017 and from 19% to 18%, effective April 1, 2020 was released and was substantially enacted on
      October 26, 2015. As a result, the Company will incur an additional income tax expense for an amount of approximately $6.0
      million resulting from the re-evaluation of its deferred tax assets.

      Based on the enacted rates at the end of fiscal 2015 and our current business mix, we expect our effective tax rate before
      any significant adjustments to be in the range of 26% to 28% in subsequent periods.

      3.8.2. Weighted Average Number of Shares
      For fiscal 2015, CGI’s basic and diluted weighted average number of shares increased compared to fiscal 2014 due to the
      effect of issuance and exercise of stock options partly offset by the impact of the repurchase of Class A subordinate voting
      shares.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                    Page   22




      22
                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      3.8.3. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Prior to Specific Items
      Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison prior to specific items namely integration-related costs, restructuring
      costs, benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related provisions and tax adjustments:

                                                                                                                                               Change
          For the years ended September 30,
                                                                                               2015                  2014               $                   %
          In thousands of CAD except for percentages and shares data
          Earnings before income taxes                                                    1,328,548            1,130,250                198,298                 17.5%
          Add back:
             Integration-related costs                                                             —              127,341              (127,341)             (100.0%)
             Restructuring costs                                                             35,903                      —               35,903                  —

          Remove:
             Resolution of acquisition-related provisions 1                                        —               62,075               (62,075)             (100.0%)
          Earnings before income taxes prior to specific items                            1,364,451            1,195,516                168,935                 14.1%
             Margin                                                                           13.3%                 11.4%

          Income tax expense                                                                350,992               270,807                80,185                 29.6%
          Add back:
             Tax adjustments                                                                       —               11,900               (11,900)             (100.0%)
             Tax deduction on integration-related costs                                            —               29,430               (29,430)             (100.0%)
             Tax deduction on restructuring costs                                              8,352                     —                  8,352                —

          Remove:
             Income taxes on the resolution of acquisition-related
             provisions                                                                            —               10,097               (10,097)             (100.0%)
          Income tax expense prior to specific items                                        359,344               302,040                57,304                 19.0%
             Effective tax rate prior to specific items                                       26.3%                 25.3%

          Net earnings prior to specific items                                            1,005,107               893,476               111,631                 12.5%
             Net earnings margin                                                                9.8%                  8.5%

          Weighted average number of shares outstanding

           Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple
           voting shares (basic)                                                       311,477,555          308,743,126                                         0.9%

           Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple
           voting shares (diluted)                                                     321,422,444          318,927,737                                         0.8%

          Earnings per share prior to specific items (in dollars)

           Basic                                                                                3.23                  2.89                   0.34               11.8%
           Diluted                                                                              3.13                  2.80                   0.33               11.8%

      1
               These benefits came from the adjustment of provisions that were established as part of the purchase price allocation for the Logica acquisition. Subsequent
               to the finalization of the purchase price allocation such adjustments flow through the statement of earnings. Examples of the items that may be included
               in these benefits comprise the resolution of provisions on client contracts, the settlement of tax credits and the early termination of lease agreements.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                                   Page    23




                                                                                                                                                                   23
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




4. Liquidity


      4.1. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      CGI’s growth is financed through a combination of our cash flow from operations, borrowing under our existing credit facilities,
      the issuance of long-term debt, and the issuance of equity. One of our financial priorities is to maintain an optimal level of
      liquidity through the active management of our assets and liabilities as well as our cash flows.

      As at September 30, 2015, cash and cash equivalents were $305.3 million. The following table provides a summary of the
      generation and use of cash for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014.


          For the years ended September 30,                                                                      2015                   2014              Change

          In thousands of CAD
          Cash provided by operating activities                                                             1,289,310             1,174,835               114,475
          Cash used in investing activities                                                                  (257,127)             (321,153)                64,026
          Cash used in financing activities                                                                (1,303,663)             (414,064)             (889,599)
          Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                 41,027                (10,102)               51,129
          Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                               (230,453)              429,516              (659,969)


      4.1.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, cash provided by operating activities was $1,289.3 million or 12.5% of revenue as
      compared to 1,174.8 million, or 11.2% of revenue from the prior year. This increase was mainly due to ongoing improvement
      to profitability in the amount of $118.1 million.

      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities.

          For the years ended September 30,                                                                      2015                   2014              Change

          In thousands of CAD
          Net earnings                                                                                        977,556                859,443               118,113
          Amortization and depreciation                                                                       424,044                444,232               (20,188)
                                1
          Other adjustments                                                                                     89,451               103,827               (14,376)
          Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash
          working capital items                                                                             1,491,051             1,407,502                 83,549
          Net change in non-cash working capital items:
             Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                        (25,517)              209,189              (234,706)
             Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation,
             provisions and long-term liabilities                                                             (204,169)             (463,685)              259,516
             Other 2                                                                                            27,945                21,829                  6,116
          Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                        (201,741)             (232,667)               30,926
          Cash provided by operating activities                                                             1,289,310             1,174,835                114,475

      1
               Other adjustments are comprised of deferred income taxes, foreign exchange (gain) loss and share-based payment costs.
      2
               Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets, retirement benefits obligations, derivative financial instruments and income
               taxes.


      For the year ended September 30, 2015, the net $201.7 million of cash used in non-cash working capital items was mostly
      due to the net utilization of provisions for estimated losses on revenue generating contracts and integration related payments.
      The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                                Page    24




      24
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      The following table provides a summary of the movements in the integration-related provision.

       For the years ended September 30,                                                                         2015          2014

       In millions of CAD
       Integration-related provision at the beginning of the year                                                 105.6         135.8
       Integration-related expenses                                                                                   —         127.3
       Integration-related payments                                                                                (74.3)      (158.0)
       Net impact on non-cash working capital                                                                      (74.3)        (30.7)
                            1
       Plus: FX impact                                                                                               0.9            0.5
       Integration-related provision at the end of the year                                                         32.2        105.6
      1
              The foreign currency translation was recorded in other comprehensive income.

      4.1.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, $257.1 million were used in investing activities while $321.2 million were used over
      the same period of last year. The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from investing activities.

          For the years ended September 30,                                                       2015           2014       Change

          In thousands of CAD
          Proceeds from sale of capital assets                                                  15,255         13,673          1,582
          Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                           (122,492)       (181,471)       58,979
          Additions to contract costs                                                          (78,815)        (73,900)       (4,915)
          Additions to intangible assets                                                       (71,357)        (77,726)        6,369
          Net change in short-term investments and net purchase of long-term
          investments                                                                            (4,736)        (8,106)        3,370
          Payments received from long-term receivables                                           5,018           6,377        (1,359)
          Cash used in investing activities                                                   (257,127)       (321,153)       64,026


      The decrease of $64.0 million in cash used in investing activities was mainly due to the increased volume of finance loans for
      the purchase of assets and the decrease in computer equipment purchases due to certain long-term contracts that required
      one-time investment in fiscal 2014.

      4.1.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities
      For the year ended September 30, 2015, $1,303.7 million were used in financing activities while $414.1 million were used
      over the same period of last year. The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from financing
      activities.


          For the years ended September 30,                                                        2015           2014      Change

          In thousands of CAD
          Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit facility                                 —       (283,049)     283,049
          Net change in long-term debt                                                         (901,566)       (25,343)     (876,223)
                                                                                               (901,566)      (308,392)     (593,174)
          Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                       (121,615)       (37,716)      (83,899)
          Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trust                           (11,099)       (23,016)       11,917
          Resale of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trust                                   —          1,390        (1,390)
          Repurchase of Class A subordinate voting shares                                      (323,069)      (111,468)     (211,601)
          Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                          53,686         65,138       (11,452)
          Cash used in financing activities                                                   (1,303,663)     (414,064)     (889,599)




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                  Page    25




                                                                                                                                  25
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      For the year ended September 30, 2015, $901.6 million were used to reduce our outstanding long-term debt mainly driven
      by $879.7 million in repayments under the term loan credit facility, while we made net repayments of $308.4 million on our
      long-term debt for the same period last year. Following the net repayments on our outstanding long-term debt, the Company
      used $121.6 million to settle the related cross-currency swaps contract during fiscal 2015.

      For the year ended September 30, 2015, we used $323.1 million to repurchase 6,725,735 Class A subordinate voting shares
      under the current NCIB, while for the year ended September 30, 2014, $111.5 million was used to purchase 2,837,360 Class A
      subordinate voting shares under the annual aggregate limit of the NCIB then in effect. For the year ended September 30,
      2015, an amount of $11.1 million was used to purchase CGI shares in connection with the Company's Performance Share
      Unit ("PSU Plan"), while for the comparable period of last year, a net amount of $21.6 million was used to purchase shares
      under the PSU Plan. More information concerning PSU Plan can be found in note 20 of the audited consolidated financial
      statements.

      For the year ended September 30, 2015, we received $53.7 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options, compared
      to $65.1 million during the year ended September 30, 2014.

      4.1.4. Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents

      For the year ended September 30, 2015, the effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents was $41.0
      million. These amounts had no effect on net earnings as they were recorded in other comprehensive income.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                            Page   26




      26
                                                                                                                                FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      4.2. CAPITAL RESOURCES

          As at September 30, 2015                                                          Total commitment                 Available     Outstanding
          In thousands of CAD
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           —                305,262                 —
          Long-term investments                                                                               —                  42,202                —
          Unsecured committed revolving facility a                                                      1,500,000            1,456,776          43,224
          Total                                                                                         1,500,000            1,804,240          43,224
      a
           Consists of Letters of Credit for $43.2 million outstanding as at September 30, 2015.

      Our cash position and bank lines are sufficient to support our growth strategy. At September 30, 2015, cash and cash equivalents
      and long-term marketable investments represented $347.5 million.

      Cash equivalents typically include term deposits, all with maturities of 90 days or less. Long-term marketable investments
      include corporate and government bonds with maturities ranging from one to five years, rated “A” or higher.

      The amount of capital available was $1,804.2 million. The long-term debt agreements contain covenants, which require us to
      maintain certain financial ratios. As at September 30, 2015, CGI was in compliance with these covenants.

      Total debt decreased by $552.6 million to $2,127.1 million as at September 30, 2015, compared to $2,679.7 million as at
      September 30, 2014. The variation was mainly due to the reimbursement of $879.7 million under the term loan credit facility2
      partially offset by a foreign exchange translation impact of $296.4 million recorded in other comprehensive income.

      As at September 30, 2015, CGI is showing a negative working capital1 of $142.3 million. The Company has also $1.5 billion
      available under its unsecured committed revolving facility and is generating a significant level of cash that will allow it to fund
      its operations and further decrease the amount of debt outstanding in the foreseeable future while maintaining adequate levels
      of liquidity.

      On November 9, 2015, the credit facility was extended by one year to December 2019 under the same term and conditions
      and can be further extended annually.

      As at September 30, 2015, the cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries were $263,6 million ($356,1 million as
      at September 30, 2014). The tax implications and impact related to its repatriation will not affect the Company’s liquidity.


      1
                  Working capital is defined as total current assets minus total current liabilities.
      2
                  On October 1, 2015, the Company settled a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap with a notional amount of $109,270,000.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                     Page   27




                                                                                                                                                   27
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      4.3. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
      We are committed under the terms of contractual obligations with various expiration dates, primarily for the rental of premises,
      computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts and long-term service agreements. For the year ended September 30,
      2015, the Company decreased its commitments by $863.5 million mainly due to the reduction of the long-term debt.


                                                                                   Less than 1         2nd and 3rd    4th and 5th     After 5
      Commitment type                                                    Total            year               years          years      years
      In thousands of CAD
      Long-term debt                                                 2,066,722            199,618           257,469        398,098   1,211,537
      Estimated interests on long-term debt                            444,908                75,833        137,504        110,697    120,874
      Finance lease obligations                                          57,170               31,451         19,870          4,027       1,822
      Estimated interests on finance lease obligations                    2,445                1,268            915            215           47
      Operating leases
        Rental of office space                                       1,061,178            261,226           416,397        238,441    145,114
        Computer equipment                                                7,767                5,177          2,578             12           —
        Automobiles                                                    104,444                39,303         51,102         12,383       1,656
      Long-term service agreements and other                           170,475                86,629         73,171         10,675           —
      Total contractual obligations                                  3,915,109            700,505           959,006        774,548   1,481,050

      Our required benefit plan contributions have not been included in this table as such contributions depend on periodic actuarial
      valuations for funding purposes. Our contributions to defined benefit plans are estimated at $23.5 million for fiscal 2016 as
      described in note 17 of the consolidated financial statements.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                           Page   28




      28
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      4.4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
      We use various financial instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and interest
      rates. We do not hold or use any derivative instruments for trading purposes.

      Foreign exchange translation gains or losses on the net investments and the effective portions of gains or losses on instruments
      hedging the net investments are recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Any realized or unrealized
      gains or losses on instruments covering the U.S. denominated debt are also recognized in the consolidated statement of
      comprehensive income.

      The majority of our costs are denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. The risk of foreign exchange fluctuation
      impacting the results is substantially mitigated by a natural hedge in matching our costs with revenue denominated in the
      same currency. In certain cases where there is a substantial imbalance between the costs incurred and the revenue earned
      in a specific currency, the Company may enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge its cash flows.

      We have the following outstanding derivative financial instruments:

      Hedges on net investments in foreign operations

          — $109.7 million cross-currency swaps in euro designated as a hedging instrument of the Company’s net investment in
            European operations ($968.8 million as at September 30, 2014)

      Cash flow hedges on unsecured committed term loan credit facility

          — $109.7 million interest rate swaps floating-to-fixed ($484.4 million as at September 30, 2014)

      Cash flow hedges on future revenue

          — U.S.$9.0 million foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected foreign currency exchange
             rate between the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar (U.S. $32.0 million as at September 30, 2014)

          — U.S.$42.3 million foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected foreign currency exchange
            rate between the U.S. dollar and the Indian rupee (U.S. $75.2 million as at September 30, 2014)

          — $151.9 million foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected foreign currency exchange
            rate between the Canadian dollar and the Indian rupee ($94.6 million as at September 30, 2014)

          — Kr77.1 million foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected foreign currency exchange
            rate between the Swedish krona and the Indian rupee (Kr142.6 million as at September 30, 2014)

          — €7.3 million foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate
            between the euro and the Indian rupee (€nil as at September 30, 2014)

          — £25.2 million foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate
            between the British pound and the Indian rupee (£nil as at September 30, 2014)

          — €84.0 million foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected foreign currency rate between
            the euro and the British pound (€121.1 million as at September 30, 2014)

          — €5.0 million foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate
            between the euro and the Swedish krona (€15.0 million as at September 30, 2014)

          — €7.0 million foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate
            between the euro and the Moroccan dirham (€nil as at September 30, 2014)

      Fair value hedges on Senior U.S. unsecured notes

          — U.S.$250.0 million interest rate swaps fixed-to-floating (U.S. $250.0 million as at September 30, 2014).




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                 Page   29




                                                                                                                                29
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      4.5. SELECTED MEASURES OF LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

       As at September 30,                                                                              2015                 2014

       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       Reconciliation between net debt and long-term debt including the current portion:
       Net debt                                                                                     1,779,623            2,113,299
       Add back:
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   305,262              535,715
          Long-term investments                                                                        42,202               30,689
       Long-term debt including the current portion                                                 2,127,087            2,679,703

       Net debt to capitalization ratio                                                                 21.7%                27.6%
       Return on equity                                                                                 17.7%                18.8%
       Return on invested capital                                                                       14.5%                14.5%
       Days sales outstanding                                                                              44                     43


      We use the net debt to capitalization ratio as an indication of our financial leverage in order to pursue large outsourcing
      contracts, expand global delivery centers, or make acquisitions. The net debt to capitalization ratio decreased to 21.7% in
      2015 from 27.6% in 2014 due to the improved cash generation allowing us to reduce our net debt by $333.7 million.

      ROE is a measure of the return we are generating for our shareholders. ROE decreased from 18.8% in fiscal 2014 to 17.7%
      in fiscal 2015. The decrease was mostly the result of the net impact of translating foreign operations as reflected in other
      comprehensive income, as well as the impact of timing on the repurchase of Class A subordinate voting shares.

      ROIC is a measure of the Company’s efficiency in allocating the capital under our control to profitable investments. The return
      on invested capital was 14.5% as at September 30, 2015, and 2014.

      DSO increased to 44 days at the end of fiscal 2015 from 43 days in fiscal 2014. In calculating the DSO, we subtract the
      deferred revenue balance from trade accounts receivable and work in progress; for that reason, the timing of payments received
      from outsourcing clients in advance of the work to be performed and the timing of payments related to project milestones can
      affect the DSO fluctuations. We remain committed to manage our DSO within our 45 day target or less.


       4.6. OFF-BALANCE SHEET FINANCING AND GUARANTEES

      CGI engages in the practice of off-balance sheet financing in the normal course of operations for a variety of transactions
      such as operating leases for office space, computer equipment and vehicles as well as accounts receivable factoring. From
      time to time, we also enter into agreements to provide financial or performance assurances to third parties on the sale of
      assets, business divestitures and guarantees on government and commercial contracts.

      In connection with sales of assets and business divestitures, we may be required to pay counterparties for costs and losses
      incurred as the result of breaches in our contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property right
      infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential
      exposure totaling $10.4 million, others do not specify a maximum amount or limited period. It is impossible to reasonably
      estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the
      outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. The Company does
      not expect to incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially adverse effect on
      its consolidated financial statements.

      In the normal course of business, we may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and performance
      bonds. In general, we would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if we refuse to perform the project once the bid is
      awarded. We would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of default in the performance of our obligations. As
      at September 30, 2015, we had committed for a total of $52.7 million for these bonds. To the best of our knowledge, we
      complied with our performance obligations under all service contracts for which there was a performance or bid bond, and



CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                Page    30




      30
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees would not have a material adverse effect on our
      consolidated results of operations or financial condition.


      4.7. CAPABILITY TO DELIVER RESULTS
      Sufficient capital resources and liquidity are required for supporting ongoing business operations and to execute our build and
      buy growth strategy. The Company has sufficient capital resources coming from the cash generated from operations, credit
      facilities, long-term debt agreements and invested capital from shareholders. Our principal uses of cash are for procuring new
      large outsourcing and managed services contracts; investing in our business solutions; pursuing accretive acquisitions; buying
      back CGI shares and paying down debt. Funds are also used to expand our global delivery network as more and more of our
      clients demand lower cost alternatives. In terms of financing, we are well positioned to continue executing our four-pillar growth
      strategy in fiscal 2016.

      Strong and experienced leadership is essential to successfully implement our corporate strategy. CGI has a strong leadership
      team with members who are highly knowledgeable and have gained a significant amount of experience within the IT industry
      via various career paths and leadership roles. CGI fosters leadership development to ensure a continuous flow of knowledge
      and strength is maintained throughout the organization. As part of our succession planning in key positions, we established
      the Leadership Institute, our own corporate university, to develop leadership, technical and managerial skills inspired by CGI’s
      roots and traditions.

      As a Company built on human capital, our professionals and their knowledge are critical to delivering quality service to our
      clients. Our human resources program provides competitive compensation and benefits, a favorable working environment,
      and our training and career development programs combine to allow us to attract and retain the best talent. Employee
      satisfaction is monitored regularly through a Company-wide survey. Furthermore, approximately 48,000 of our members, are
      also owners of CGI through our Share Purchase Plan. The Share Purchase Plan, along with the Profit Participation Program,
      allows members to share in the success of the Company and aligns member objectives with our strategic goals.

      In addition to our capital resources and the talent of our human capital, CGI has established a Management Foundation
      encompassing governance policies, sophisticated management frameworks and an organizational model for its business units
      and corporate processes. This foundation, along with our appropriate internal systems, helps in providing a disciplined high
      standard of quality service to our clients across all of our operations, and additional value to our stakeholders. CGI’s operations
      maintain appropriate certifications in accordance with service requirements such as the ISO and Capability Maturity Model
      Integration quality programs.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                    Page   31




                                                                                                                                      31
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




5.        Fourth Quarter Results


      5.1. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
      The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
      value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates.We report all
      dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.

      Average foreign exchange rates

       For the three months ended September 30,                                                2015         2014         Change

       U.S. dollar                                                                            1.3095       1.0894         20.2%
       Euro                                                                                   1.4565       1.4427           1.0%
       Indian rupee                                                                           0.0202       0.0180         12.2%
       British pound                                                                          2.0285       1.8175         11.6%
       Swedish krona                                                                          0.1544       0.1568          (1.5%)
       Australian dollar                                                                      0.9494       1.0070          (5.7%)




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                               Page   32




      32
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      5.2. REVENUE VARIATION AND REVENUE BY SEGMENT
      The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment, separately
      showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between the Q4 2015 and Q4 2014 periods. The Q4 2014
      revenue by segment was recorded reflecting the actual average foreign exchange rates for that period. The foreign exchange
      impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the current period’s results converted with the prior
      year’s average foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                                             Change
       For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                                               2015         2014         $            %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       Total CGI revenue                                                               2,585,275        2,483,669       101,606        4.1%
       Variation prior to foreign currency impact                                              (3.1%)
       Foreign currency impact                                                                 7.2%
       Variation over previous period                                                          4.1%

       U.S.
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           625,319        655,095        (29,776)      (4.5%)
       Foreign currency impact                                                            126,912
       U.S. revenue                                                                       752,231        655,095         97,136       14.8%

       Nordics
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           369,723        382,682        (12,959)      (3.4%)
       Foreign currency impact                                                                (1,614)
       Nordics revenue                                                                    368,109        382,682        (14,573)      (3.8%)

       Canada
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                          371,218         382,887        (11,669)      (3.0%)
       Foreign currency impact                                                                  606
       Canada revenue                                                                    371,824         382,887        (11,063)      (2.9%)

       France
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                          310,327         311,999         (1,672)      (0.5%)
       Foreign currency impact                                                                 3,907
       France revenue                                                                    314,234         311,999          2,235        0.7%

       U.K.
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                          318,004         321,682         (3,678)      (1.1%)
       Foreign currency impact                                                                37,091
       U.K. revenue                                                                      355,095         321,682         33,413       10.4%

       ECS
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                          294,194         318,275        (24,081)      (7.6%)
       Foreign currency impact                                                                 1,527
       ECS revenue                                                                       295,721         318,275        (22,554)      (7.1%)

       Asia Pacific
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                          118,154         111,049          7,105        6.4%
       Foreign currency impact                                                                 9,907
       Asia Pacific revenue                                                              128,061         111,049         17,012       15.3%

      We ended the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 with revenue of $2,585.3 million, an increase of $101.6 million or 4.1% over the
      same period of fiscal 2014. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $76.7 million or 3.1%, as foreign currency
      rate fluctuations favourably impacted our revenue by $178.3 million or 7.2%.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                           Page   33




                                                                                                                                          33
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      5.2.1. U.S.
      Revenue in our U.S. segment was $752.2 million in Q4 2015, an increase of $97.1 million or 14.8% compared to the same
      period of fiscal 2014. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $29.8 million or 4.5%. The change in revenue was
      mostly driven by procurement delays in the Federal market and to the completion of ACA related projects in fiscal 2014. This
      was partly offset by a growing proportion of IP-based services and solutions revenue within the financial services vertical
      market.

      For the current quarter, the top two U.S. vertical markets were government and financial services, which together accounted
      for approximately 76% of its revenue.

      5.2.2. Nordics
      Revenue from our Nordics segment was $368.1 million in Q4 2015, a decrease of $14.6 million or 3.8% compared to the
      same period of fiscal 2014. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $13.0 million or 3.4%. The change in revenue
      is mainly due to lower work volume in Sweden and Denmark partly offset by new business in Finland.

      For the current quarter, the Nordics' top two vertical markets were MRD and government, which together accounted for
      approximately 66% of its revenue.

      5.2.3. Canada
      Revenue in our Canada segment for Q4 2015 was $371.8 million, a decrease of $11.1 million or 2.9% compared to the same
      period of fiscal 2014. The revenue decrease was mainly due to a slowdown of government spending partly offset by new
      business in financial services.

      For the current quarter, Canada’s top two vertical markets were financial services and telecommunication & utilities, which
      together accounted for approximately 60% of its revenue.

      5.2.4. France
      Revenue from our France segment was $314.2 million in Q4 2015 and remained stable compared to the same period of fiscal
      2014, as higher consulting revenue within the government vertical market helped compensate the lower work volume from
      telecommunication & utilities.

      For the current quarter, France’s top two vertical markets were MRD and financial services, which together accounted for
      approximately 63% of its revenue.

      5.2.5. U.K.
      Revenue from our U.K. segment was $355.1 million in Q4 2015, an increase of $33.4 million or 10.4% compared to the same
      period of fiscal 2014. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $3.7 million or 1.1%. The decrease in revenue
      was mainly due to lower work volume with certain clients in the commercial sector primarily in MRD and financial services
      partly offset by new business in telecommunication & utilities and additional change orders on certain large contracts.

      For the current quarter, U.K.’s top two vertical markets were government and telecommunication & utilities, which together
      accounted for approximately 68% of its revenue.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                              Page   34




      34
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      5.2.6. ECS
      Revenue from our ECS segment was $295.7 million in Q4 2015, a decrease of $22.6 million or 7.1% compared to the same
      period of fiscal 2014. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $24.1 million or 7.6% due to lower work volume
      on existing contracts in the Netherlands and to a lesser extent, the planned wind down of activities in Switzerland and Latin
      America with the exception of Brazil.

      For the current quarter, ECS' top two vertical markets were MRD and telecommunication & utilities, which together accounted
      for approximately 58% of its revenue.

      5.2.7. Asia Pacific
      Revenue from our Asia Pacific segment was $128.1 million in Q4 2015, an increase of $17.0 million or 15.3% compared to
      the same period of fiscal 2014. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $7.1 million or 6.4%. The change in
      revenue was mainly due to the increased use of our delivery centers across the segments, as our clients continue taking
      advantage of our global delivery network. The increase was partly offset by the completion of projects in Australia.

      For the current quarter, Asia Pacific’s top two vertical markets were telecommunications & utilities and MRD, which together
      accounted for approximately 78% of its revenue.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                               Page   35




                                                                                                                              35
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      5.3. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT

                                                                                                                     Change
       For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                                               2015      2014    $            %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       U.S.                                                                               117,313       97,575   19,738       20.2%
         As a percentage of U.S. revenue                                                      15.6%     14.9%

       Nordics                                                                                30,176    24,829    5,347       21.5%
         As a percentage of Nordics revenue                                                    8.2%      6.5%

       Canada                                                                                 77,450    87,060   (9,610)      (11.0%)
         As a percentage of Canada revenue                                                    20.8%     22.7%

       France                                                                                 35,806    39,143   (3,337)       (8.5%)
         As a percentage of France revenue                                                    11.4%     12.5%

       U.K.                                                                                   62,406    60,665    1,741        2.9%
         As a percentage of U.K. revenue                                                      17.6%     18.9%

       ECS                                                                                    36,886    35,274    1,612        4.6%
         As a percentage of ECS revenue                                                       12.5%     11.1%

       Asia Pacific                                                                           18,927    25,678   (6,751)      (26.3%)
         As a percentage of Asia Pacific revenue                                              14.8%     23.1%

       Adjusted EBIT                                                                      378,964      370,224    8,740        2.4%
         Adjusted EBIT margin                                                                 14.7%     14.9%

      Adjusted EBIT for the quarter was $379.0 million, an increase of $8.7 million or 2.4% from Q4 2014, while the margin remained
      stable. When excluding the $38.9 million of non-recurring benefits primarly related to the resolution of acquisition-related
      provisions in Q4 2014, adjusted EBIT increased by $47.6 million and the adjusted EBIT margin increased to 14.7% compared
      to 13.3%.

      5.3.1. U.S.
      Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. segment was $117.3 million for Q4 2015, an increase of $19.7 million year-over-year, while the
      margin increased to 15.6% from 14.9%. The increase in adjusted EBIT and margin was mainly the result of an improved mix
      of IP-based services and solutions revenue within the financial services vertical market partly offset by an impairment of a
      business solution of $5.3 million.

      5.3.2. Nordics
      Adjusted EBIT in the Nordics segment was $30.2 million for Q4 2015, a increase of $5.3 million year-over-year. Adjusted EBIT
      increased by $10.8 million when excluding $5.5 million of non-recurring benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related
      provisions during Q4 2014. Adjusted EBIT margin was 8.2% an improvement from 5.1% when excluding the non-recurring
      benefits of Q4 2014. The increase in adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBIT margin was mainly attributable to the realization of the
      cost synergies implemented as part of the integration of Logica and the increased use of offshoring to lower our cost base.

      5.3.3. Canada
      Adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $77.5 million for Q4 2015, a decrease of $9.6 million year-over-year, which mainly
      resulted from the revenue decrease identified in the revenue section while the margin was affected by the non-recurring impact
      of an onerous supplier contract in the amount of $3.6 million.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                   Page   36




      36
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      5.3.4. France
      Adjusted EBIT in the France segment was $35.8 million for Q4 2015, a decrease of $3.3 million year-over-year. Adjusted EBIT
      increased by $4.3 million when excluding $7.6 million of non-recurring benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related
      provisions during Q4 2014. Adjusted EBIT margin was 11.4% up from 10.1% when excluding the non-recurring benefits in Q4
      2014. This increase in adjusted EBIT was primarily the result of improvements in productivity.

      5.3.5. U.K.
      Adjusted EBIT in the U.K. segment was $62.4 million for Q4 2015, an increase of $1.7 million year-over-year, while the margin
      decreased to 17.6% from 18.9%. When excluding $11.2 million of non-recurring benefits related to the resolution of acquisition
      -related provisions and the additional tax credits on salaries of $4.9 million during Q4 2014, adjusted EBIT increased by $16.1
      million. Adjusted EBIT margin improved to 17.6% from 13.9% when excluding the non-recurring benefits of Q4 2014. This
      increase in adjusted EBIT and margin was mainly the result of additional change orders on certain large contracts that favorably
      impacted our profitability.

      5.3.6. ECS
      Adjusted EBIT in the ECS segment was $36.9 million for Q4 2015, an increase of $1.6 million year-over-year, while the margin
      increased to 12.5% from 11.1% . When excluding the $5.2 million of non-recurring benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-
      related provisions during Q4 2014, adjusted EBIT increased by $6.8 million while adjusted EBIT margin improved to 12.5%
      from 9.4%. This increase was mostly the result of a better mix of revenue and productivity improvements.

      5.3.7. Asia Pacific
      Adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $18.9 million for Q4 2015, a decrease of $6.8 million year-over-year, while the
      margin decreased to 14.8% from 23.1%. When excluding $4.5 million of non-recurring benefits related to the resolution of
      acquisition-related provisions during Q4 2014, adjusted EBIT decreased by $2.3 million. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to
      14.8% from 19.1% when excluding the non-recurring benefits of Q4 2014. This was mainly due to completion of projects in
      Australia as well as to a provision on a contract in Middle East in the amount of $2.4 million.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                    Page   37




                                                                                                                                   37
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      5.4. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
      5.4. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
      The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:
      The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:
                                                                                                                             Change
       For the three months ended September 30,                                                                              Change
       For the three months ended September 30,                                                 2015         2014      $                %
                                                                                                2015         2014      $                %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       Adjusted EBIT                                                                          378,964      370,224     8,740            2.4%
       Adjusted EBIT                                                                          378,964      370,224     8,740            2.4%
       Minus the following items:
       Minus the following items:
          Integration-related costs                                                                 —       64,259    (64,259)        (100.0%)
          Integration-related costs                                                                 —       64,259    (64,259)        (100.0%)
          Restructuring costs                                                                  35,903            —     35,903          100.0%
          Restructuring costs                                                                  35,903            —     35,903          100.0%
          Net Finance costs                                                                    23,984       22,787      1,197            5.3%
          Net Finance costs                                                                    23,984       22,787      1,197            5.3%
       Earnings before income taxes                                                           319,077      283,178     35,899           12.7%
       Earnings before income taxes                                                           319,077      283,178     35,899           12.7%
       Income tax expense                                                                      86,188       69,470     16,718           24.1%
       Income tax expense                                                                      86,188       69,470     16,718           24.1%
          Effective tax rate                                                                    27.0%        24.5%                       2.5%
          Effective tax rate                                                                    27.0%        24.5%                       2.5%
       Net earnings                                                                           232,889      213,708    19,181            9.0%
       Net earnings                                                                           232,889      213,708    19,181            9.0%
          Margin                                                                                 9.0%         8.6%
          Margin                                                                                 9.0%         8.6%

       Weighted average number of shares
       Weighted average number of shares

        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares           309,337,317      310,320,352                     (0.3%)
        (basic)A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares
        Class                                                                          309,337,317      310,320,352                     (0.3%)
        (basic)
        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares           318,572,873      319,540,764                     (0.3%)
        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares
        (diluted)                                                                      318,572,873      319,540,764                     (0.3%)
        (diluted)
       Earnings per share (in dollars)
       Earnings per share (in dollars)
        Basic EPS                                                                              0.75           0.69         0.06         8.7%
        Basic EPS                                                                              0.75           0.69         0.06         8.7%
        Diluted EPS                                                                            0.73           0.67         0.06         9.0%
        Diluted EPS                                                                            0.73           0.67         0.06         9.0%

      For the current quarter, the $35.9 million increase in earnings before income taxes mainly came from the increase of $8.7
      For the current quarter, the $35.9 million increase in earnings before income taxes mainly came from the increase of $8.7
      million in adjusted EBIT as described in section 5.3 of the present document as well as the favorable net impact of integration-
      million in adjusted EBIT as described in section 5.3 of the present document as well as the favorable net impact of integration-
      related and restructuring costs in the amount of $28.4 million.
      related and restructuring costs in the amount of $28.4 million.
      In Q4 2015, the income tax expense was $86.2 million, an increase of $16.7 million compared to $69.5 million in Q4 2014,
      In Q4 2015, the income tax expense was $86.2 million, an increase of $16.7 million compared to $69.5 million in Q4 2014,
      while our effective income tax rate increased from 24.5% to 27.0%. The increase in income tax rate was mainly attributable
      while our effective income tax rate increased from 24.5% to 27.0%. The increase in income tax rate was mainly attributable
      to the increased profitability in our U.S. operations where the enacted tax rate is higher.
      to the increased profitability in our U.S. operations where the enacted tax rate is higher.
      Net earnings were $232.9 million, an increase of $19.2 million compared to $213.7 million last year.
      Net earnings were $232.9 million, an increase of $19.2 million compared to $213.7 million last year.
      The table on page 39 shows the quarterly year-over-year comparison of the tax rate with the impact of integration-related
      The table on page 39 shows the quarterly year-over-year comparison of the tax rate with the impact of integration-related
      costs, restructuring costs, and benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related provisions removed.
      costs, restructuring costs, and benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related provisions removed.
      During the quarter, 5,050,402 Class A subordinate voting shares were repurchased while 566,025 stock options were exercised.
      During the quarter, 5,050,402 Class A subordinate voting shares were repurchased while 566,025 stock options were exercised.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                            Page   38
CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                            Page   38




      38
                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      5.4.1. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Prior to Specific Items
      Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison prior to specific items namely integration-related costs, restructuring
      costs, benefits related to the resolution of acquisition-related provisions and tax adjustments:

                                                                                                                                Change
          For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                                                 2015          2014         $             %
          In thousands of CAD except for percentages
          Earnings before income taxes                                                        319,077       283,178         35,899        12.7%
          Add back:
             Integration-related costs                                                             —         64,259        (64,259)      (100.0%)
             Restructuring costs                                                               35,903            —          35,903              —
          Remove:
             Resolution of acquisition-related provisions 1                                        —         33,991        (33,991)      (100.0%)
          Earnings before income taxes prior to specific items                                354,980       313,446         41,534        13.3%
             Margin                                                                             13.7%         12.6%

          Income tax expense                                                                   86,188        69,470         16,718        24.1%
          Add back:
             Tax deduction on integration-related costs                                            —         15,075        (15,075)      (100.0%)
             Tax deduction on restructuring                                                     8,352            —           8,352       100.0%
          Remove:
             Income taxes on the resolution of acquisition-related provisions                      —          5,091         (5,091)      (100.0%)
          Income tax expense prior to specific items                                           94,540        79,454         15,086        19.0%
             Effective tax rate prior to specific items                                         26.6%         25.3%

          Net earnings prior to specific items                                                260,440       233,992         26,448        11.3%
             Net earnings margin                                                                10.1%          9.4%

          Weighted average number of shares outstanding

           Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares            309,337,317   310,320,352                       (0.3%)
           (basic)

           Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares            318,572,873   319,540,764                       (0.3%)
           (diluted)

          Earnings per share prior to specific items (in dollars)

           Basic EPS                                                                              0.84          0.75            0.09      12.0%
           Diluted EPS                                                                            0.82          0.73            0.09      12.3%

      1
               The resolution of acquisition-related provisions is discussed on page 23.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                              Page   39




                                                                                                                                              39
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      5.5. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      As at September 30, 2015, cash and cash equivalents were $305.3 million. The following table provides a summary of the
      generation and use of cash for the quarters ended September 30, 2015 and 2014.


          For the three months ended September 30,                                                                      2015              2014           Change

          In thousands of CAD
          Cash provided by operating activities                                                                     451,310            412,000             39,310
          Cash used in investing activities                                                                          (79,339)          (66,439)           (12,900)
          Cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                                          (366,092)            47,138          (413,230)
          Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                        34,688            11,724             22,964
          Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                   40,567           404,423          (363,856)




      5.5.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
      For Q4 2015, cash provided by operating activities was $451.3 million compared to $412.0 million in Q4 2014, or 17.5% of
      revenue compared to 16.6% last year.

      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities.


          For the three months ended September 30,                                                                      2015               2014           Change

          In thousands of CAD
          Net earnings                                                                                             232,889            213,708            19,181
          Amortization and depreciation                                                                            107,565            107,877               (312)
          Other adjustments 1                                                                                        18,247            37,156           (18,909)
          Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working capital                        358,701            358,741                (40)
          items
          Net change in non-cash working capital items:
             Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                            104,019            177,898           (73,879)
             Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, provisions and                         (63,589)         (143,327)           79,738
             long-term liabilities
             Other 2                                                                                                 52,179            18,688            33,491
          Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                               92,609            53,259            39,350
          Cash provided by operating activities                                                                    451,310            412,000            39,310

      1
               Other adjustments are comprised of deferred income taxes, foreign exchange loss (gain) and share-based payment costs.
      2
               Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets, retirement benefits obligations, derivative financial instruments and income
               taxes.


      The increase in cash from operating activities was mainly due to better working capital and the growth in net earnings as
      described in section 5.4 of the present document. The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an
      impact on the cash flow from operations.

      For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the net $92.6 million of cash coming from non-cash working capital items
      was mostly due to :

      •       Cash coming from accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue of $104.0 million mainly due to a decrease
              of 2 days in our DSO from 46 days in Q3 2015 to 44 days in Q4 2015.

      •       Cash used for accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, provisions and long-term liabilities of
              $63.6 million was mostly due to the net utilization of estimated losses on revenue generating contracts and the reduction
              in vacation accruals. This was partially offset by the net increase in restructuring provision.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                                Page     40




      40
                                                                                                          FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      5.5.2. Cash Used in Financing Activities


       For the three months ended September 30,                                                  2015          2014        Change

       In thousands of CAD
       Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit facility                                  —       (380,357)      380,357
       Net change in long-term debt                                                           (120,772)      448,754      (569,526)
                                                                                              (120,772)       68,397      (189,169)
       Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                          (23,293)      (37,716)       14,423
       Repurchase of Class A subordinate voting shares                                        (229,041)           —       (229,041)
       Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                             7,014        16,457         (9,443)
       Cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                        (366,092)       47,138      (413,230)


      During Q4 2015, $120.8 million was used to reduce our outstanding long-term debt mainly driven by $121.9 million in
      repayments under the term loan credit facility. For the same period last year, we increased our long-term debt by $68.4 million
      mostly due to the issuance of a private placement partly offset by credit facilities reimbursement.

      During Q4 2015, we used $229.0 million to repurchase 4,850,402 Class A subordinate voting shares under the NCIB, while
      the Company did not repurchase Class A subordinate voting share during the same period last year.

      In Q4 2015, we received $7.0 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options, compared to $16.5 million during the
      same period last year.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                Page   41




                                                                                                                                  41
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




6.        Eight Quarter Summary


       As at and for the three months          Sept. 30,     June 30,      Mar. 31,     Dec. 31,     Sept. 30,   June 30,   Mar. 31,   Dec. 31,
       ended,                                    2015          2015         2015         2014          2014        2014      2014       2013

       In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
       Growth
       Backlog                                  20,711        19,697        20,000       20,175       18,237     18,781     19,476     19,253
       Bookings                                  2,856         2,227        2,253         4,304       2,049       2,451      2,850      2,818
       Book-to-bill ratio                       110.5%        87.0%         86.6%        169.4%       82.5%       91.9%     105.4%     106.5%
       Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve
       months                                   113.2%        106.4%       107.4%        112.1%       96.8%      101.4%     105.3%     100.8%
       Revenue                                  2,585.3       2,559.4      2,601.2       2,541.3     2,483.7     2,667.0    2,704.3    2,644.7
       Year-over-year growth                     4.1%         (4.0%)        (3.8%)       (3.9%)        1.0%       3.9%       7.0%       4.4%
       Constant currency growth                  (3.1%)       (3.5%)        (3.5%)       (6.0%)       (3.4%)      (3.9%)    (2.3%)     (1.9%)
       Profitability
       Adjusted EBIT                             379.0         371.2        363.1         344.0       370.2       342.2      341.5      302.9
        Adjusted EBIT margin                     14.7%        14.5%         14.0%         13.5%       14.9%       12.8%      12.6%      11.5%
       Net earnings prior to specific items      260.4         257.2        251.2         236.3       234.0       229.8      229.6      200.1
         Net earnings margin prior to
         specific items                          10.1%        10.1%          9.7%         9.3%         9.4%       8.6%       8.5%       7.6%
       Diluted EPS prior to specific items
       (in dollars)                               0.82         0.80          0.78             0.74     0.73        0.72       0.72       0.63
       Net earnings                              232.9         257.2        251.2         236.3       213.7       225.1      230.9      189.8
        Net earnings margin                      9.0%         10.1%          9.7%         9.3%         8.6%       8.4%       8.5%       7.2%
       Diluted EPS (in dollars)                   0.73         0.80          0.78             0.74     0.67        0.71       0.73       0.60
       Liquidity
       Cash provided by operating
       activities                                451.3         214.1        284.7         339.2       412.0       345.9      350.7       66.3
        As a % of revenue                        17.5%         8.4%         10.9%         13.3%       16.6%       13.0%      13.0%      2.5%
       Days sales outstanding                      44           46            41              42        43         47         47         55
       Capital structure
       Net debt                                 1,779.6       1,791.4      1,869.8       1,924.5     2,113.3     2,389.0    2,678.2    2,890.4
       Net debt to capitalization ratio          21.7%        22.7%         24.4%         25.1%       27.6%       32.6%      35.6%      38.9%
       Return on equity                          17.7%        18.2%         18.4%         18.9%       18.8%       18.1%      17.9%      16.0%
       Return on invested capital                14.5%        14.8%         14.6%         14.7%       14.5%       13.3%      13.4%      12.7%
       Balance sheet
       Cash and cash equivalents, and
       short-term investments                    305.3         264.7        223.5         489.6       535.7       131.3      133.8      206.5
       Total assets                            11,787.3      11,190.4      10,985.8     11,171.9     11,234.1    11,162.2   11,560.4   11,801.0
       Long-term financial liabilities          1,896.4       1,765.8      2,067.7       2,451.5     2,748.4     2,164.8    2,562.4    2,796.6

      There are factors causing quarterly variances which may not be reflective of the Company’s future performance. First, there
      is seasonality in SI&C work, and the quarterly performance of these operations is impacted by occurrences such as vacations
      and the number of statutory holidays in any given quarter. Outsourcing contracts including BPS contracts are affected to a
      lesser extent by seasonality. Second, the workflow from some clients may fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on their
      business cycle and the seasonality of their own operations. Third, the savings that we generate for a client on a given
      outsourcing contract may temporarily reduce our revenue stream from this client, as these savings may not be immediately
      offset by additional work performed for this client.

      In general, cash flow from operating activities could vary significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of
      monthly payments received from large clients, cash requirements associated with large acquisitions, outsourcing contracts
      and projects, the timing of the reimbursements for various tax credits as well as profit sharing payments to members and the
      timing of restructuring cost payments.


CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                             Page    42




      42
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      Foreign exchange fluctuations can also contribute to quarterly variances as our percentage of operations in foreign countries
      evolves. The effect from these variances is primarily on our revenue and to a much lesser extent, on our net margin as we
      benefit from natural hedges.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                               Page   43




                                                                                                                              43
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




7. Changes in Accounting Policies


      The audited consolidated financial statements for the year September 30, 2015 include all adjustments that CGI’s management
      considers necessary for the fair presentation of its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

      FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
      The following standards have been issued but are not yet effective:

      IFRS 15 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers
      In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, to specify how and when to recognize
      revenue as well as requiring the provision of more informative and relevant disclosures. IFRS 15 supersedes IAS 18, “Revenue”,
      IAS 11, “Construction Contracts”, and other revenue related interpretations. In July 2015, the IASB confirmed the deferral
      making the standard effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company, with earlier adoption permitted. The Company is currently
      evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.

      IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments

      In July 2014, the IASB amended IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”, to bring together the classification and measurement,
      impairment and hedge accounting phases of the IASB's project to replace IAS 39, “Financial Instruments: Recognition and
      Measurement”. The standard supersedes all previous versions of IFRS 9 and will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the
      Company with earlier application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated
      financial statements.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                Page   44




      44
                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



8.    Critical Accounting Estimates


      The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in note 3 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the
      year ended September 30, 2015. Certain of these accounting policies, listed below, require management to make accounting
      estimates and judgment that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and equity and the accompanying disclosures
      at the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the
      reporting period. These accounting estimates are considered critical because they require management to make subjective
      and/or complex judgments that are inherently uncertain and because they could have a material impact on the presentation
      of our financial condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations.


                                                                            Consolidated
          Areas impacted by estimates                                                                     Consolidated statements of earnings
                                                                           balance sheets
                                                                                                                   Cost of services,     Income
                                                                                                     Revenue         selling and          taxes
                                                                                                                    administrative
          Revenue recognition 1

          Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts

          Goodwill impairment

          Income taxes

          Litigation and claims

      1
               Affects the balance sheet through accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue.

      Revenue recognition

      Multiple component arrangements
      If an arrangement involves the provision of multiple components, the total arrangement value is allocated to each separately
      identifiable component based on its relative selling price at the inception of the contract. At least on a yearly basis, the Company
      reviews its best estimate of the selling price which is established by using a reasonable range of prices for the various services
      and products offered by the Company based on local market information available. Information used in determining the range
      is mainly based on recent contracts signed and the economic environment. A change in the range could have a material impact
      on the allocation of total arrangement value, and therefore on the amount and timing of revenue recognition.

      System integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements

      Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the
      arrangements can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service periods.
      The Company primarily uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress towards completion. Project managers
      monitor and re-evaluate project forecasts at least on a monthly basis. Forecasts are reviewed to consider factors such as:
      changes to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones and new complexities in the project delivery. Forecast
      can also be affected by market risks such as the availability and retention of qualified IT professionals and/or the ability of the
      subcontractors to perform their obligation within agreed upon budget and timeframes. To the extent that actual labour hours
      our labour costs could vary from estimates, adjustments to revenues following the review of the costs to complete the projects
      are reflected in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision occur. Whenever the costs are forecasted to be higher
      than the revenues, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts is accounted for as described below.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                                     Page   45




                                                                                                                                                   45
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts

      Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts may occur due to additional contract costs which were not foreseen at
      inception of the contract. Projects and services are monitored by the respective managers on a monthly basis. Some of the
      indicators reviewed are: current financial results, client satisfaction and third party deliverables and costs.


      In addition, CGI’s Engagement Assessment Services (“EAS”) team conducts a formal monthly health check assessment on
      CGI’s project portfolio for all contracts that has a value above an established threshold. The reviews are based on a defined
      set of risk dimensions and assessment categories that results in detailed reports containing actual delivery and current financial
      status which are reviewed with the Executive management. Due to the variability of the indicators reviewed, and because the
      estimates is based on many variables, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts are subject to change.

      Goodwill impairment
      The carrying value of goodwill is tested for impairment annually on September 30, or earlier if events or changes in circumstances
      indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. In order to determine if a goodwill impairment test is required, management
      reviews different factors on a quarterly basis such as changes in technological or market environment, changes in assumptions
      used to derive the weighted average cost of capital ("WACC") and actual financial performance compared to planned
      performance.

      The recoverable amount of each segment has been determined based on its value in use (“VIU”) calculation which includes
      estimates about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management. However, factors such as
      our ability to introduce and deliver new services and business solutions, a lengthened sales cycle, the cyclically of purchases
      of technology services and products, the nature of a customer's business and the structure affect future cash flow, and actual
      results might differ from future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment test. Key assumptions used in goodwill impairment
      testing are presented in note 12 of audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015.
      Historically the Company has not recorded an impairment charge on goodwill. As at September 30, 2015, the fair value of
      each segment represents between 150% and 360% of its carrying value.

      Income taxes

      Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
      that taxable profit will be available for their utilization. The Company considers the analysis of forecast and future tax planning
      strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the forecast by jurisdiction which are aligned with goodwill impairment
      testing assumptions, on an undiscounted basis. In addition, management considers factors such as substantively enacted tax
      rates, the history of the taxable profits and availability of tax strategies. Due to the uncertainty and the variability of the factors
      mentioned above, deferred tax asset are subject to change. Management reviews its assumption on a quarterly basis and
      adjusts the deferred tax assets when appropriate.

      The Company is subject to taxation in numerous jurisdictions and there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
      tax determination is uncertain which occurs when there is uncertainty as to the meaning of the law, or to the applicability of
      the law to a particular transaction or both. In those circumstances, the Company might review administrative practice, consult
      tax authorities or advisors on the interpretation of tax legislation. When a tax position is uncertain, the Company recognizes
      an income tax benefit or reduces an income tax liability only when it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future
      or that the income tax liability is no longer probable. The provision for uncertain tax position is made using the best estimate
      of the amount expected to be paid based on qualitative assessment of all relevant factors and is subject to change. The review
      of assumptions is done on a quarterly basis.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                        Page   46




      46
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      Litigation and claims
      Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
      probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
      estimates can be made of the amount of the obligation. The accrued litigation and legal claim provisions are based on historical
      experience, current trends and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates
      include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome.
      Management reviews quarterly assumptions and facts surrounding outstanding litigation and claims, involves external counsel
      when necessary and adjusts the provision accordingly. The Company has to be compliant with law in many jurisdictions which
      increase the complexity of provision for litigation review. Since the outcome of such litigation and claims are not predictable,
      those provisions are subject to change. Adjustments to litigation and claims provision are reflected in the period when the
      facts that give rise to adjustment occur.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                 Page   47




                                                                                                                                   47
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




9. Integrity of Disclosure



      Our management assumes the responsibility for the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures and controls
      to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally is complete and reliable.

      CGI has a formal corporate disclosure policy whose goal is to raise awareness of the Company’s approach to disclosure
      among the members of the Board of Directors, senior management and employees.

      The Board of Directors has the responsibility under its charter and under the securities laws that govern CGI’s continuous
      disclosure obligations to oversee CGI's compliance with its continuous and timely disclosure obligations as well as the integrity
      of the Company's internal controls and management information systems. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility
      mainly through its Audit and Risk Management Committee.

      The Audit and Risk Management Committee of CGI is composed entirely of independent directors who meet the independence
      and experience requirements of the New York Stock Exchange as well as those that apply under Canadian securities regulation.
      The role and responsibilities of the Committee include: (a) reviewing all public disclosure documents containing audited or
      unaudited financial information concerning CGI; (b) identifying and examining the financial and operating risks to which the
      Company is exposed, reviewing the various policies and practices of the Company that are intended to manage those risks,
      and reporting on a regular basis to the Board of Directors concerning risk management; (c) reviewing and assessing the
      effectiveness of CGI’s accounting policies and practices concerning financial reporting; (d) reviewing and monitoring CGI’s
      internal control procedures, programs and policies and assessing their adequacy and effectiveness; (e) reviewing the adequacy
      of CGI’s internal audit resources including the mandate and objectives of the internal auditor; (f) recommending to the Board
      of Directors the appointment of the external auditors, asserting the external auditors’ independence, reviewing the terms of
      their engagement, assessing the quality of their performance, and pursuing ongoing discussions with them; (g) reviewing all
      related party transactions in accordance with the rules of the New York Stock Exchange and other applicable laws and
      regulations; (h) reviewing the audit procedures including the proposed scope of the external auditors’ examinations; and (i)
      performing such other functions as are usually attributed to audit committees or as directed by the Board of Directors. In
      making its recommendation to the Board of Directors in relation to the annual appointment of the external auditor, the Audit
      and Risk Management Committee conducts an annual assessment of the external auditor following the recommendations of
      the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada. The formal assessment is concluded in advance of the Annual General
      Meeting of Shareholders and is conducted with the assistance of key CGI personnel.

      The Company evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting
      based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Commitee of Sponsoring
      Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework), supervised by and with the participation of the Chief
      Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer as of September 30, 2015. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
      Officer concluded that, based on this evaluation, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over
      financial reporting were adequate and effective, at a reasonable level of assurance, to ensure that material information related
      to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries would be made known to them by others within those entities.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                  Page   48




      48
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



10. Risk Environment


      10.1. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
      While we are confident about our long-term prospects, the following risks and uncertainties could affect our ability to achieve
      our strategic vision and objectives for growth and should be considered when evaluating our potential as an investment.


      10.1.1. Risks Related to the Market

      Economic risk
      The level of business activity of our clients, which is affected by economic conditions, has a bearing upon the results of our
      operations. We can neither predict the impact that current economic conditions will have on our future revenue, nor predict
      when economic conditions will show meaningful improvement. During an economic downturn, our clients and potential clients
      may cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts and delay entering into new engagements. In general, companies also decide
      to undertake fewer IT systems projects during difficult economic times, resulting in limited implementation of new technology
      and smaller engagements. Since there are fewer engagements in a downturn, competition usually increases and pricing for
      services may decline as competitors, particularly companies with significant financial resources, decrease rates to maintain
      or increase their market share in our industry and this may trigger pricing adjustments related to the benchmarking obligations
      within our contracts. Our revenue and profitability could be negatively impacted as a result of these factors.


      10.1.2. Risks Related to our Industry

      The competition for contracts
      CGI operates in a global marketplace in which competition among providers of IT services is vigorous. Some of our competitors
      possess greater financial, marketing, sales resources, and larger geographic scope in certain parts of the world than we do,
      which, in turn, provides them with additional leverage in the competition for contracts. In certain niche, regional or metropolitan
      markets, we face smaller competitors with specialized capabilities who may be able to provide competing services with greater
      economic efficiency. Some of our competitors have more significant operations than we do in lower cost countries that can
      serve as a platform from which to provide services worldwide on terms that may be more favorable. Increased competition
      among IT services firms often results in corresponding pressure on prices. There can be no assurance that we will succeed
      in providing competitively priced services at levels of service and quality that will enable us to maintain and grow our market
      share.

      The availability and retention of qualified IT professionals
      There is strong demand for qualified individuals in the IT industry. Hiring and retaining a sufficient amount of individuals with
      the desired knowledge and skill set may be difficult. Therefore, it is important that we remain able to successfully attract and
      retain highly qualified professionals and establish an effective succession plan. If our comprehensive programs aimed at
      attracting and retaining qualified and dedicated professionals do not ensure that we have staff in sufficient numbers and with
      the appropriate training, expertise and suitable government security clearances required to serve the needs of our clients, we
      may have to rely on subcontractors or transfers of staff to fill resulting gaps. If our succession plan fails to identify those with
      potential or to develop these key individuals, we may lose key members and be required to recruit and train these new
      resources. This might result in lost revenue or increased costs, thereby putting pressure on our earnings.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                     Page   49




                                                                                                                                    49
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      The ability to continue developing and expanding service offerings to address emerging business demands and technology
      trends
      The rapid pace of change in all aspects of IT and the continually declining costs of acquiring and maintaining IT infrastructure
      mean that we must anticipate changes in our clients’ needs. To do so, we must adapt our services and our solutions so that
      we maintain and improve our competitive advantage and remain able to provide cost effective services. The market for the
      services and solutions we offer is extremely competitive and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing
      and adapting our business in a timely manner. If we do not keep pace, our ability to retain existing clients and gain new
      business may be adversely affected. This may result in pressure on our revenue, profit margin and resulting cash flows from
      operations.

      Infringing on the intellectual property rights of others
      Despite our efforts, the steps we take to ensure that our services and offerings do not infringe on the intellectual property
      rights of third parties may not be adequate to prevent infringement and, as a result, claims may be asserted against us or our
      clients. We enter into licensing agreements for the right to use intellectual property and may otherwise offer indemnities against
      liability and damages arising from third-party claims of patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret infringement in respect of
      our own intellectual property or software or other solutions developed for our clients. In some instances, the amount of these
      indemnity claims could be greater than the revenue we receive from the client. Intellectual property claims or litigation could
      be time-consuming and costly, harm our reputation, require us to enter into additional royalty or licensing arrangements, or
      prevent us from providing some solutions or services. Any limitation on our ability to sell or use solutions or services that
      incorporate software or technologies that are the subject of a claim could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities
      or require us to incur additional expenses to modify solutions for future projects.

      Benchmarking provisions within certain contracts
      Some of our outsourcing contracts contain clauses allowing our clients to externally benchmark the pricing of agreed upon
      services against those offered by other providers in a peer comparison group. The uniqueness of the client environment should
      be factored in and, if results indicate a difference outside the agreed upon tolerance, we may be required to work with clients
      to reset the pricing for their services. There can be no assurance that benchmarks will produce accurate or reliable data,
      including pricing data. This may result in pressure on our revenue, profit margin and resulting cash flows from operations.

      Protecting our intellectual property rights
      Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies, processes, know-how, tools, techniques
      and other intellectual property that we use to provide our services. CGI’s business solutions will generally benefit from available
      copyright protection and, in some cases, patent protection. Although CGI takes reasonable steps to protect and enforce its
      intellectual property rights, there is no assurance that such measures will be enforceable or adequate. The cost of enforcing
      our rights can be substantial and, in certain cases, may prove to be uneconomic. In addition, the laws of some countries in
      which we conduct business may offer only limited intellectual property rights protection. Despite our efforts, the steps taken
      to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of intellectual
      property, and we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property, or take appropriate steps to enforce
      our intellectual property rights.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                    Page   50




      50
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      10.1.3. Risks Related to our Business

      Risks associated with our growth strategy
      CGI’s Build and Buy strategy is founded on four pillars of growth: first, organic growth through contract wins, renewals and
      extensions in the areas of outsourcing and system integration; second, the pursuit of new large outsourcing contracts; third,
      acquisitions of smaller firms or niche players; and fourth, transformational acquisitions.

      Our ability to grow through organic growth and new large outsourcing transactions is affected by a number of factors outside
      of our control, including a lengthening of our sales cycle for major outsourcing contracts.

      Our ability to grow through niche and transformational acquisitions requires that we identify suitable acquisition targets and
      that we correctly evaluate their potential as transactions that will meet our financial and operational objectives. There can be
      no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates and consummate additional acquisitions that meet
      our economic thresholds, or that future acquisitions will be successfully integrated into our operations and yield the tangible
      accretive value that had been expected.

      If we are unable to implement our Build and Buy strategy, we will likely be unable to maintain our historic or expected growth
      rates.

      The variability of financial results

      Our ability to maintain and increase our revenues is affected not only by our success in implementing our Build and Buy
      strategy, but also by a number of other factors, including: our ability to introduce and deliver new services and business
      solutions; a lengthened sales cycle; the cyclicality of purchases of technology services and products; the nature of a customer’s
      business; and the structure of agreements with customers. These, and other factors, make it difficult to predict financial results
      for any given period.

      Business mix variations
      The proportion of revenue that we generate from shorter-term systems integration and consulting (“SI&C”) projects, versus
      revenue from long-term outsourcing contracts, will fluctuate at times, affected by acquisitions or other transactions. An increased
      exposure to revenue from SI&C projects may result in greater quarterly revenue variations.

      The financial and operational risks inherent in worldwide operations
      We manage operations in numerous countries around the world. The scope of our operations subjects us to various issues
      that can negatively impact our operations: the fluctuations of currency (see foreign exchange risk); the burden of complying
      with a wide variety of national and local laws (see regulatory risk); the differences in and uncertainties arising from local
      business culture and practices; political, social and economic instability including the threats of terrorism, civil unrest, war,
      natural disasters and pandemic illnesses. Any or all of these risks could impact our global business operations and cause our
      profitability to decline.

      Organizational challenges associated with our size
      Our culture, standards, core values, internal controls and our policies need to be instilled across newly acquired businesses
      as well as maintained within our existing operations. To effectively communicate and manage these standards throughout a
      large global organization is both challenging and time consuming. Newly acquired businesses may be resistant to change
      and may remain attached to past methods, standards and practices which may compromise our business agility in pursuing
      opportunities. Cultural differences in various countries may also present barriers to introducing new ideas or aligning our vision
      and strategy with the rest of the organization. If we cannot overcome these obstacles in maintaining a strategic bond throughout
      the Company worldwide, we may not be able to achieve our growth and profitability objectives.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                    Page   51




                                                                                                                                      51
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      Taxes
      In estimating our income tax payable, management uses accounting principles to determine income tax positions that are
      likely to be sustained by applicable tax authorities. However, there is no assurance that our tax benefits or tax liability will not
      materially differ from our estimates or expectations. The tax legislation, regulation and interpretation that apply to our operations
      are continually changing. In addition, future tax benefits and liabilities are dependent on factors that are inherently uncertain
      and subject to change, including future earnings, future tax rates, and anticipated business mix in the various jurisdictions in
      which we operate. Moreover, our tax returns are continually subject to review by applicable tax authorities; it is these tax
      authorities that will make the final determination of the actual amounts of taxes payable or receivable, of any future tax benefits
      or liabilities and of income tax expense that we may ultimately recognize. Any of the above factors could have a material
      adverse effect on our net income or cash flows by affecting our operations and profitability, the availability of tax credits, the
      cost of the services we provide, and the availability of deductions for operating losses as we develop our international service
      delivery capabilities.

      Credit risk with respect to accounts receivable and work in progress
      In order to sustain our cash flows and net earnings from operations, we must invoice and collect the amounts owed to us in
      an efficient and timely manner. Although we maintain provisions to account for anticipated shortfalls in amounts collected, the
      provisions we take are based on management estimates and on our assessment of our clients’ creditworthiness which may
      prove to be inadequate in the light of actual results. To the extent that we fail to perform our services in accordance with our
      contracts and our clients’ reasonable expectations, and to the extent that we fail to invoice clients for our services correctly
      in a timely manner, our collections could suffer resulting in a direct and adverse effect to our revenue, net earnings and cash
      flows. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn may cause clients to curtail or defer projects, impair their ability to pay for
      services already provided, and ultimately cause them to default on existing contracts, in each case, causing a shortfall in
      revenue and impairing our future prospects.

      Material developments regarding major commercial clients resulting from such causes as changes in financial condition,
      mergers or business acquisitions
      Consolidation among our clients resulting from mergers and acquisitions may result in loss or reduction of business when the
      successor business’ IT needs are served by another service provider or are provided by the successor Company’s own
      personnel. Growth in a client’s IT needs resulting from acquisitions or operations may mean that we no longer have a sufficient
      geographic scope or the critical mass to serve the client’s needs efficiently, resulting in the loss of the client’s business and
      impairing our future prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the objectives of our growth strategy
      in order to maintain and increase our geographic scope and critical mass in our targeted markets.

      Early termination risk
      If we should fail to deliver our services according to contractual agreements, some of our clients could elect to terminate
      contracts before their agreed expiry date, which would result in a reduction of our earnings and cash flow and may impact the
      value of our backlog. In addition, a number of our outsourcing contractual agreements have termination for convenience and
      change of control clauses according to which a change in the client’s intentions or a change in control of CGI could lead to a
      termination of the agreements. Early contract termination can also result from the exercise of a legal right or when circumstances
      that are beyond our control or beyond the control of our client prevent the contract from continuing. In cases of early termination,
      we may not be able to recover capitalized contract costs and we may not be able to eliminate ongoing costs incurred to support
      the contract.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                      Page   52




      52
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      Cost estimation risks
      In order to generate acceptable margins, our pricing for services is dependent on our ability to accurately estimate the costs
      and timing for completing projects or long-term outsourcing contracts. In addition, a significant portion of our project-oriented
      contracts are performed on a fixed-price basis. Billing for fixed-price engagements is carried out in accordance with the contract
      terms agreed upon with our client, and revenue is recognized based on the percentage of effort incurred to date in relation to
      the total estimated costs to be incurred over the duration of the respective contract. These estimates reflect our best judgment
      regarding the efficiencies of our methodologies and professionals as we plan to apply them to the contracts in accordance
      with the CGI Client Partnership Management Framework ("CPMF"), a process framework that contains high standards of
      contract management to be applied throughout the organization. If we fail to apply the CPMF correctly or if we are unsuccessful
      in accurately estimating the time or resources required to fulfill our obligations under a contract, or if unexpected factors,
      including those outside of our control, arise, there may be an impact on costs or the delivery schedule which could have an
      adverse effect on our expected profit margins.

      Risks related to teaming agreements and subcontracts
      We derive substantial revenues from contracts where we enter into teaming agreements with other providers. In some teaming
      agreements we are the prime contractor whereas in others we act as a subcontractor. In both cases, we rely on our relationships
      with other providers to generate business and we expect to do so in the foreseeable future. Where we act as prime contractor,
      if we fail to maintain our relationships with other providers, we may have difficulty attracting suitable participants in our teaming
      agreements. Similarly, where we act as subcontractor, if our relationships are impaired, other providers might reduce the work
      they award to us, award that work to our competitors, or choose to offer the services directly to the client in order to compete
      with our business. In either case, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.

      Our partners’ ability to deliver on their commitments
      Increasingly large and complex contracts may require that we rely on third party subcontractors including software and hardware
      vendors to help us fulfill our commitments. Under such circumstances, our success depends on the ability of the third parties
      to perform their obligations within agreed upon budgets and timeframes. If our partners fail to deliver, our ability to complete
      the contract may be adversely affected, which may have an unfavorable impact on our profitability.

      Guarantees risk
      In the normal course of business, we enter into agreements that may provide for indemnification and guarantees to
      counterparties in transactions such as consulting and outsourcing services, business divestitures, lease agreements and
      financial obligations. These indemnification undertakings and guarantees may require us to compensate counterparties for
      costs and losses incurred as a result of various events, including breaches of representations and warranties, intellectual
      property right infringement, claims that may arise while providing services or as a result of litigation that may be suffered by
      counterparties.

      Risk related to human resources utilization rates
      In order to maintain our profit margin, it is important that we maintain the appropriate availability of professional resources in
      each of our geographies by having a high utilization rate while still being able to assign additional resources to new work.
      Maintaining an efficient utilization rate requires us to forecast our need for professional resources accurately and to manage
      recruitment activities, professional training programs, attrition rates and restructuring programs appropriately. To the extent
      that we fail to do so, or to the extent that laws and regulations, particularly those in Europe, restrict our ability to do so, our
      utilization rates may be reduced; thereby having an impact on our revenue and profitability. Conversely, we may find that we
      do not have sufficient resources to deploy against new business opportunities in which case our ability to grow our revenue
      would suffer.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                      Page   53




                                                                                                                                     53
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      Client concentration risk
      We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the services we provide to the U.S. federal government and its agencies,
      and we expect that this will continue for the foreseeable future. In the event that a major U.S. federal government agency
      were to limit, reduce, or eliminate the business it awards to us, we might be unable to recover the lost revenue with work from
      other agencies or other clients, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and
      adversely affected. Although IFRS considers a national government and its agencies as a single client, our client base in the
      U.S. government economic sector is in fact diversified with contracts from many different departments and agencies.

      Government business risk
      Changes in government spending policies or budget priorities could directly affect our financial performance. Among the factors
      that could harm our government contracting business are the curtailment of governments’ use of consulting and IT services
      firms; a significant decline in spending by governments in general, or by specific departments or agencies in particular; the
      adoption of new legislation and/or actions affecting companies that provide services to governments; delays in the payment
      of our invoices by government payment offices; and general economic and political conditions. These or other factors could
      cause government agencies and departments to reduce their purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate
      contracts, to issue temporary stop work orders, or not to exercise options to renew contracts, any of which would cause us
      to lose future revenue. Government spending reductions or budget cutbacks at these departments or agencies could materially
      harm our continued performance under these contracts, or limit the awarding of additional contracts from these agencies.

      Regulatory risk
      Our global operations require us to be compliant with laws in many jurisdictions on matters such as: anti-corruption, trade
      restrictions, immigration, taxation, securities regulation, antitrust, data privacy and labour relations, amongst others. Complying
      with these diverse requirements worldwide is a challenge and consumes significant resources. Some of these laws may
      impose conflicting requirements; we may face the absence in some jurisdictions of effective laws to protect our intellectual
      property rights; there may be restrictions on the movement of cash and other assets; or restrictions on the import and export
      of certain technologies; or restrictions on the repatriation of earnings and reduce our earnings, all of which may expose us to
      penalties for non-compliance and harm our reputation.

      Our business with the U.S. federal government and its agencies requires that we comply with complex laws and regulations
      relating to government contracts. These laws relate to the integrity of the procurement process, impose disclosure requirements,
      and address national security concerns, among other matters. For instance, we are routinely subject to audits by U.S.
      government agencies with respect to compliance with these rules. If we fail to comply with these requirements we may incur
      penalties and sanctions, including contract termination, suspension of payments, suspension or debarment from doing business
      with the federal government, and fines.

      Legal claims made against our work
      We create, implement and maintain IT solutions that are often critical to the operations of our clients’ business. Our ability to
      complete large projects as expected could be adversely affected by unanticipated delays, renegotiations, and changing client
      requirements or project delays. Also, our solutions may suffer from defects that adversely affect their performance; they may
      not meet our clients’ requirements or may fail to perform in accordance with applicable service levels. Such problems could
      subject us to legal liability, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, and may
      negatively affect our professional reputation. We typically use reasonable efforts to include provisions in our contracts which
      are designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services and the applications we develop. We may not always
      be able to include such provisions and, where we are successful, they may not protect us adequately or may not be enforceable
      under some circumstances or under the laws of some jurisdictions.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                    Page   54




      54
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2015 RESULTS


      Information and infrastructure risks
      Our business often requires that our clients’ applications and information, which may include their proprietary information and
      personal information they manage, be processed and stored on our networks and systems, and in data centres that we
      manage. We also process and store proprietary information relating to our business, and personal information relating to our
      members. Digital information and equipment are subject to loss, theft or destruction, and services that we provide may become
      temporarily unavailable as a result of those risks, or upon an equipment or system malfunction. The causes of such failures
      include human error in the course of normal operations, maintenance and upgrading activities, as well as hacking, vandalism
      (including denial of service attacks and computer viruses), theft, and unauthorized access (“cyber-security risks”), as well as
      power outages or surges, floods, fires, natural disasters and many other causes. Cyber-security risks including intrusion carried
      out by well-organized and well-funded private sector and government agencies, is an escalating risk which is becoming more
      prevalent. Cyber-security incidents often exploit previously unknown vulnerabilities and may go undetected for extended
      periods. Like other companies, we are subject to cyber attacks and expect to face an increasing number of such attacks in
      the future. The measures that we take to protect against all information infrastructure risks, including both physical and logical
      controls on access to premises and information may prove in some circumstances to be inadequate to prevent the loss, theft
      or destruction of information, or service interruptions. Such events may expose the Company to financial loss arising from the
      costs of remediation and those arising from litigation, claims and damages, as well as expose the Company to government
      sanctions and damage to our brand and reputation.

      Risk of harm to our reputation
      CGI’s reputation as a capable and trustworthy service provider and long term business partner is key to our ability to compete
      effectively in the market for IT services. The nature of our operations exposes us to the potential loss, unauthorized access
      to, or destruction of our clients’ information, as well as temporary service interruptions. Depending on the nature of the
      information or services, such events may have a negative impact on how the Company is perceived in the marketplace. Under
      such circumstances, our ability to obtain new clients and retain existing clients could suffer with a resulting impact on our
      revenue and profit.

      Risks associated with the integration of new operations
      The successful integration of new operations arising from our acquisition strategy or from large outsourcing contracts requires
      that a substantial amount of management time and attention be focused on integration tasks. Management time that is devoted
      to integration activities may detract from management’s normal operations focus with resulting pressure on the revenues and
      earnings from our existing operations. In addition, we may face complex and potentially time-consuming challenges in
      implementing the uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across new operations to harmonize their activities
      with those of our existing business units. Integration activities can result in unanticipated operational problems, expenses and
      liabilities. If we are not successful in executing our integration strategies in a timely and cost-effective manner, we will have
      difficulty achieving our growth and profitability objectives.


      Internal controls risks
      Due to the inherent limitations of internal controls including the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, there can only
      be reasonable assurance that the Company’s internal controls will detect and prevent a misstatement. If the Company is
      unable to design, implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls throughout its different business environments,
      the efficiency of our operations might suffer, resulting in a decline in revenue and profitability, and the accuracy of our financial
      reporting could be impaired.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2015                                      Page   55




                                                                                                                                     55
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis




      Liquidity and funding risks
      The Company’s future growth is contingent on the execution of its business strategy, which, in turn, is dependent on its ability
      to grow the business organically as well as conclude business acquisitions. By its nature, our growth strategy requires us to
      fund the investments required to be made using a mix of cash generated from our operations, money borrowed under our
      existing or future credit agreements, and equity funding generated by the issuance of shares of our share capital to
      counterparties in transactions, or to the general public. Our ability to raise the required funding depends on the capacity of
      the capital markets to meet our financing needs in a timely fashion and on the basis of interest rates and share prices that
      are reasonable in the context of profitability objectives. Increasing interest rates, volatility in our share price, and the capacity
      of our current lenders to meet our liquidity requirements are all factors that may have an adverse effect on our access to the
      funding we require. If we are unable to obtain the necessary funding, we may be unable to achieve our growth objectives.

      Foreign exchange risk
      The majority of our revenue and costs are denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Foreign exchange
      fluctuations impact the results of our operations as they are reported in Canadian dollars. This risk is partially mitigated by a
      natural hedge in matching our costs with revenue denominated in the same currency and through the use of derivatives in
      our hedging strategy. As we continue our global expansion, natural hedges may begin to diminish and the use of hedging
      contracts exposes us to the risk that financial institutions will fail to perform their obligations under our hedging instruments.
      Other than the use of financial products to deliver on our hedging strategy, we do not trade derivative financial instruments.

      Our functional and reporting currency is the Canadian dollar. As such, our American, European and Asian investments,
      operations and assets are exposed to net change in currency exchange rates. Volatility in exchange rates could have an
      adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of our operations.


      10.2. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      The Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business.
      Certain of these matters seek damages in significant amounts. Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with
      assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be expected
      to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on any of its
      business activities.




      Transfer Agent
      Computershare Investor Services Inc.
      (800) 564-6253

      Investor Relations
      Lorne Gorber
      Executive Vice-President, Global Communications & Investor Relations
      Telephone: (514) 841-3355
      lorne.gorber@cgi.com

      1350 René-Lévesque Boulevard West
      15th Floor
      Montreal, Quebec
      H3G 1T4
      Canada




CGI Group
      CGI Inc.
          Group- Inc. -
                Management's
                        Management's
                              Discussion
                                     Discussion
                                         and Analysis
                                                and for
                                                    Analysis
                                                         the for
                                                             yearthended
                                                                     year ended
                                                                          September
                                                                                September
                                                                                    30, 2015
                                                                                           30, 2015                              Page 56
                                                                                                                                      Page    57




      56
                                         FISCAL 2015 RESULTS




[ This page intentionally left blank ]




                                                         57
Consolidated Financial Statements




Management’s and Auditors’ reports

MANAGEMENT’S STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of CGI Group Inc. (“the Company”) is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial
statements and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and necessarily include some amounts that are based on
management’s best estimates and judgement. Financial and operating data elsewhere in the MD&A are consistent with that
contained in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
To fulfill its responsibility, management has developed, and continues to maintain, systems of internal controls reinforced by the
Company’s standards of conduct and ethics, as set out in written policies to ensure the reliability of the financial information and
to safeguard its assets. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting and consolidated financial statements are subject
to audit by the independent auditors, Ernst & Young LLP, whose report follows. They were appointed as independent auditors,
by a vote of the Company’s shareholders, to conduct an integrated audit of the Company’s consolidated financial statements and
of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. In addition, the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board
of Directors reviews the disclosure of financial information and oversees the functioning of the Company’s financial disclosure
controls and procedures.
Members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, all of whom are independent of the Company,
meet regularly with the independent auditors and with management to discuss internal controls in the financial reporting process,
auditing matters and financial reporting issues and formulates the appropriate recommendations to the Board of Directors. The
independent auditors have unrestricted access to the Audit and Risk Management Committee. The consolidated financial
statements and MD&A have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.




Michael E. Roach                              François Boulanger
President and Chief Executive Officer         Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
November 10, 2015




58
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                1
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Management’s and Auditors’ reports

MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Canada.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:

    - Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions
    of the assets of the Company;

    - Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
    statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Canada, and that receipts and expenditures are
    being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and,

    - Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
    the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
All internal control systems have inherent limitations; therefore, even where internal control over financial reporting is determined
to be effective, it can provide only reasonable assurance. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
As of the end of the Company’s 2015 fiscal year, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework). Based on this assessment,
management has determined the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2015, was effective.
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2015, has been audited by the
Company’s independent auditors, as stated in their report appearing on page 3. 60.




Michael E. Roach                              François Boulanger
President and Chief Executive Officer         Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
November 10, 2015




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                             59  2
Consolidated Financial Statements




Management’s and Auditors’ reports

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL
CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Group Inc.
We have audited CGI Group Inc.’s (the “Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2015, based on
criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework) (“the COSO criteria”). The Company’s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2015 based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the
year ended September 30, 2015, and our report dated November 10, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.




Ernst & Young LLP


Montréal, Canada
November 10, 2015

1. CPA auditor, CA, public accountancy permit No. A122227




60
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                 3
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Management’s and Auditors’ reports

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Group Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of CGI Group Inc. (the “Company”), which comprise the
consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2015 and 2014 and the consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive
income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, and a summary of significant
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Management's responsibility for the consolidated financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and for such internal
control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditors’ responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our
audits in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the
auditors consider internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, evaluating the appropriateness of
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained in our audits is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion.
Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CGI Group
Inc. as at September 30, 2015 and 2014, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years ended September 30,
2015 and 2014, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board.
Other matter
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), CGI
Group Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2015, based on the criteria established in Internal Control
– Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO
Framework) and our report dated November 10, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting.




Ernst & Young LLP


Montréal, Canada
November 10, 2015

1. CPA auditor, CA, public accountancy permit No. A122227




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                               61 4
    Consolidated Financial Statements




Consolidated
 ConsolidatedStatements
              StatementsofofEarnings
                             Earnings
ForFor
     the the
          years
             years
                ended
                   ended
                       September
                         September30 30
(in (in
    thousands
        thousands
                of of
                   Canadian
                      Canadian
                            dollars,
                               dollars,
                                     except
                                        except
                                            perper
                                                share
                                                   share
                                                      data)
                                                         data)




                                                                                                                20152015        20142014
                                                                                                                   $   $           $    $
     Revenue
        Revenue                                                                                            10,287,096
                                                                                                              10,287,096   10,499,692
                                                                                                                              10,499,692
     Operating
        Operating
                expenses
                    expenses
      Costs
          Costs
              of of
                 services,
                     services,
                            selling
                                 selling
                                     andand
                                          administrative
                                               administrative
                                                          (Note
                                                              (Note
                                                                23) 23)                                     8,819,055
                                                                                                               8,819,055   9,129,791
                                                                                                                              9,129,791
      Integration-related
          Integration-related
                            costscosts
                                    (Note(Note
                                           26b)26b)                                                                — —       127,341
                                                                                                                                127,341
      Restructuring
          Restructuring
                      costs
                          costs
                              (Note
                                  (Note
                                     13) 13)                                                                   35,903
                                                                                                                  35,903          — —
      Net Net
           finance
               finance
                    costs
                        costs
                           (Note(Note
                                  25) 25)                                                                      92,857
                                                                                                                  92,857      99,268
                                                                                                                                 99,268
      Foreign
          Foreign
                exchange
                    exchangelossloss                                                                           10,733
                                                                                                                  10,733      13,042
                                                                                                                                 13,042
                                                                                                            8,958,548
                                                                                                               8,958,548   9,369,442
                                                                                                                              9,369,442
     Earnings
         Earnings
               before
                   before
                      income
                          income
                               taxes
                                   taxes                                                                    1,328,548
                                                                                                               1,328,548   1,130,250
                                                                                                                              1,130,250
     Income
         Income
             tax tax
                 expense
                     expense
                           (Note
                               (Note
                                 16) 16)                                                                     350,992
                                                                                                                350,992      270,807
                                                                                                                                270,807
     NetNet
        earnings
            earnings                                                                                         977,556
                                                                                                                977,556      859,443
                                                                                                                                859,443
     Earnings
        Earnings
              per per
                  share
                      share
                        (Note
                            (Note
                              21) 21)
     Basic
        Basic
           earnings
              earnings
                    per per
                        share
                            share                                                                               3.143.14        2.782.78
     Diluted
         Diluted
             earnings
                 earnings
                      per per
                          share
                              share                                                                             3.043.04        2.692.69


    See See
        Notes
            Notes
              to the
                   to the
                     Consolidated
                          Consolidated
                                   Financial
                                       Financial
                                             Statements.
                                                 Statements.




    62
CGI CGI
    Group
        Group
          Inc. –
               Inc. –
                 Consolidated
                      Consolidated
                               Financial
                                   Financial
                                         Statements
                                             Statements  for the
                                                    for the yearsyears
                                                                   ended
                                                                       ended
                                                                         September
                                                                             September
                                                                                   30, 30,
                                                                                       20152015
                                                                                            and and
                                                                                                20142014                            5   5
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                            2015        2014
                                                                                                               $           $
 Net earnings                                                                                           977,556     859,443
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
   Net unrealized gains on translating financial statements of foreign operations                       599,650     221,279
   Net losses on derivative financial instruments and on translating long-term debt designated
    as hedges of net investments in foreign operations                                                  (246,662)   (100,869)
   Net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges                                                              17,708      20,729
   Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale investments                                                   142         941
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
   Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans                                                      (1,236)   (35,311)
 Other comprehensive income                                                                              369,602    106,769
 Comprehensive income                                                                                  1,347,158    966,212


See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                     63  6
Consolidated Financial Statements




Consolidated Balance Sheets
As at September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                           2015             2014
                                                                                                               $               $
 Assets
 Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents (Note 4)                                                                  305,262          535,715
    Accounts receivable (Note 5)                                                                      1,097,863        1,036,068
    Work in progress                                                                                   873,099           807,989
    Current derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                                                  26,567             9,397
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                           160,638          174,137
    Income taxes                                                                                          5,702            8,524
 Total current assets before funds held for clients                                                   2,469,131        2,571,830
    Funds held for clients (Note 6)                                                                     496,397          295,754
 Total current assets                                                                                 2,965,528        2,867,584
 Property, plant and equipment (Note 7)                                                                473,109           486,880
 Contract costs (Note 8)                                                                               189,235           156,540
 Intangible assets (Note 9)                                                                            568,811           630,074
 Other long-term assets (Note 10)                                                                       69,353            74,158
 Long-term financial assets (Note 11)                                                                   122,820           84,077
 Deferred tax assets (Note 16)                                                                          261,431          323,416
 Goodwill (Note 12)                                                                                   7,136,983        6,611,323
                                                                                                     11,787,270       11,234,052


 Liabilities
 Current liabilities
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                          1,113,636        1,060,380
    Accrued compensation                                                                               571,883           583,979
    Current derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                                                  28,106             4,588
    Deferred revenue                                                                                   416,329           457,056
    Income taxes                                                                                       159,562           156,283
    Provisions (Note 13)                                                                                94,398           143,309
    Current portion of long-term debt (Note 14)                                                         230,906           80,367
 Total current liabilities before clients’ funds obligations                                          2,614,820        2,485,962
    Clients’ funds obligations                                                                          492,965          292,257
 Total current liabilities                                                                            3,107,785        2,778,219
 Long-term provisions (Note 13)                                                                          62,637           70,586
 Long-term debt (Note 14)                                                                             1,896,181        2,599,336
 Other long-term liabilities (Note 15)                                                                 277,223          308,387
 Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                                                      225          149,074
 Deferred tax liabilities (Note 16)                                                                     170,987          155,972
 Retirement benefits obligations (Note 17)                                                              190,063          183,753
                                                                                                      5,705,101        6,245,327
 Equity
 Retained earnings                                                                                    3,057,578        2,356,008
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (Note 18)                                                       598,226          228,624
 Capital stock (Note 19)                                                                              2,254,245        2,246,197
 Contributed surplus                                                                                    172,120          157,896
                                                                                                      6,082,169        4,988,725
                                                                                                     11,787,270       11,234,052

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Approved by the Board


                                                                                Michael E. Roach        Serge Godin

                                                                                Director                Director


64
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                             7
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                    Accumulated
                                                                                          other
                                                                      Retained    comprehensive         Capital   Contributed       Total
                                                                      earnings          income           stock       surplus       equity
                                                                              $                 $            $             $            $
 Balance as at September 30, 2014                                   2,356,008            228,624     2,246,197       157,896    4,988,725

 Net earnings                                                         977,556                  —            —             —      977,556
 Other comprehensive income                                                  —           369,602            —             —      369,602
 Comprehensive income                                                 977,556            369,602            —             —     1,347,158
 Share-based payment costs                                                   —                 —            —         30,414      30,414
 Income tax impact associated with stock options                             —                 —            —          5,952        5,952
 Exercise of stock options (Note 19)                                         —                 —       67,028        (13,474)     53,554
 Exercise of performance share units (“PSUs”) (Note 19)                      —                 —         8,668        (8,668)          —
 Repurchase of Class A subordinate shares (Note 19)                  (275,986)                 —       (56,549)           —      (332,535)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares held in trust
   (Note 19)                                                                 —                 —       (11,099)           —       (11,099)
 Balance as at September 30, 2015                                   3,057,578            598,226     2,254,245       172,120    6,082,169




                                                                                     Accumulated
                                                                                           other
                                                                      Retained     comprehensive        Capital   Contributed        Total
                                                                      earnings           income          stock       surplus        equity
                                                                              $                 $            $             $            $

 Balance as at September 30, 2013                                   1,551,956            121,855     2,240,494       141,392    4,055,697

 Net earnings                                                         859,443                 —             —             —      859,443
 Other comprehensive income                                                —             106,769            —             —      106,769
 Comprehensive income                                                 859,443            106,769            —             —      966,212
 Share-based payment costs                                                   —                —             —         31,716      31,716
 Income tax impact associated with stock options                             —                 —            —          3,269        3,269
 Exercise of stock options (Note 19)                                         —                 —       83,305        (18,380)     64,925
 Exercise of PSUs (Note 19)                                                  —                 —           583          (583)          —
 Repurchase of Class A subordinate shares (Note 19)                    (55,391)                —       (56,077)           —      (111,468)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares held in trust
   (Note 19)                                                                 —                 —       (23,016)           —       (23,016)
 Resale of Class A subordinate shares held in trust
   (Note 19)                                                                 —                 —           908           482        1,390
 Balance as at September 30, 2014                                   2,356,008            228,624     2,246,197       157,896    4,988,725


See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                  65   8
Consolidated Financial Statements




Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                           2015          2014
                                                                                                              $             $
 Operating activities
 Net earnings                                                                                          977,556       859,443
 Adjustments for:
  Amortization and depreciation (Note 24)                                                              424,044       444,232
  Deferred income taxes (Note 16)                                                                       61,718        54,360
  Foreign exchange (gain) loss                                                                          (2,681)       17,751
  Share-based payment costs                                                                             30,414        31,716
 Net change in non-cash working capital items (Note 27)                                               (201,741)     (232,667)
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                               1,289,310     1,174,835


 Investing activities
 Net change in short-term investments                                                                       —             73
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                            (122,492)     (181,471)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                    12,910        13,673
 Additions to contract costs                                                                           (78,815)      (73,900)
 Additions to intangible assets                                                                        (71,357)      (77,726)
 Proceeds from sale of intangible assets                                                                 2,345            —
 Purchase of long-term investments                                                                     (14,995)      (15,059)
 Proceeds from sale of long-term investments                                                            10,259         6,880
 Payments received from long-term receivables                                                            5,018         6,377
 Cash used in investing activities                                                                    (257,127)     (321,153)


 Financing activities
 Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit facility                                                —        (283,049)
 Increase of long-term debt                                                                             62,506      1,021,918
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                                          (964,072)    (1,047,261)
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                                             (121,615)      (37,716)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares held in trust (Note 19)                                         (11,099)     (23,016)
 Resale of Class A subordinate shares held in trust                                                          —         1,390
 Repurchase of Class A subordinate shares (Note 19)                                                    (323,069)    (111,468)
 Issuance of Class A subordinate shares                                                                  53,686       65,138
 Cash used in financing activities                                                                   (1,303,663)    (414,064)
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                    41,027      (10,102)
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                  (230,453)     429,516
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                          535,715       106,199
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year (Note 4)                                                       305,262       535,715


Supplementary cash flow information (Note 27).

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




66
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                          9
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


1.      Description of business
CGI Group Inc. (the “Company”), directly or through its subsidiaries, manages information technology (“IT”) services as well as
business process services (“BPS”) to help clients effectively realize their strategies and create added value. The Company’s
services include the management of IT and business functions (“outsourcing”), systems integration and consulting, as well as
the sale of software solutions. The Company was incorporated under Part IA of the Companies Act (Québec) predecessor to the
Business Corporations Act (Québec) which came into force on February 14, 2011 and its shares are publicly traded. The executive
and registered office of the Company is situated at 1350 René-Lévesque Blvd. West, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3G 1T4.


2.      Basis of preparation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). The accounting policies were consistently applied
to all periods presented.
The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014 were authorized for issue
by the Board of Directors on November 10, 2015.


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated on consolidation.
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The Company controls an entity when it is exposed or has right, to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the relevant activities
of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and continue to be consolidated until the date control
over the subsidiaries ceases.

BASIS OF MEASUREMENT
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and
liabilities, which have been measured at fair value as described below.

USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements and estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity and the accompanying disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because the use of judgements and
estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ.
Significant judgements and estimates about the future and other major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
period could have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the following within the next
financial year: deferred tax assets, revenue recognition, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts, goodwill impairment,
provisions for income tax uncertainties and litigation and claims.
The judgments, apart from those involving estimations, that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
financial statements are:
Multiple component arrangements
Assessing whether the deliverables within an arrangement are separately identifiable components requires judgement by
management. A component is considered as separately identifiable if it has value to the client on a stand-alone basis. The
Company first reviews the contract clauses to evaluate if the deliverable is accepted separately by the client. Then, the Company
assesses if the deliverable could have been provided by another vendor and if it would have been possible for the client to decide
to not purchase the deliverable.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                               67 10
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
which the losses can be utilized. Management judgment is required concerning uncertainties that exist with respect to the timing
of future taxable income required to recognize a deferred tax asset. The Company recognizes an income tax benefit only when
it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future. In making this judgement, the Company assesses forecasts and
the availability of future tax planning strategies.
A description of estimations is included in the respective sections within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and
in Note 3, “Summary of significant accounting policies”.

REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE
The Company generates revenue principally through the provision of IT services and BPS as described in Note 1.
The Company provides services and products under arrangements that contain various pricing mechanisms. The Company
recognizes revenue when the following criteria are met: there is clear evidence that an arrangement exists, the amount of revenue
and related costs can be measured reliably, it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the Company, the stage of
completion can be measured reliably where services are delivered and the significant risks and rewards of ownership, including
effective control, are transferred to clients where products are sold. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration
received or receivable net of discounts, volume rebates and sales related taxes.
Some of the Company’s arrangements may include client acceptance clauses. Each clause is analyzed to determine whether
the earnings process is complete when the service is performed. Formal client sign-off is not always necessary to recognize
revenue provided that the Company objectively demonstrates that the criteria specified in the acceptance provisions are satisfied.
Some of the criteria reviewed include historical experience with similar types of arrangements, whether the acceptance provisions
are specific to the client or are included in all arrangements, the length of the acceptance term and historical experience with the
specific client.
Revenue from sales of third party vendor products, such as software licenses, hardware, or services is recorded gross when the
Company is a principal to the transaction and is recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent between the client
and vendor. Factors generally considered to determine whether the Company is a principal or an agent are if the Company is the
primary obligor to the client, if it adds meaningful value to the vendor’s product or service and if it assumes delivery and credit
risks.
Relative selling price
The Company’s arrangements often include a mix of the services and products listed below. If an arrangement involves the
provision of multiple components, the total arrangement value is allocated to each separately identifiable component based on
its relative selling price. When estimating selling price of each component, the Company maximizes the use of observable prices
which are established using the Company’s prices for same or similar components. When observable prices are not available,
the Company estimates selling prices based on its best estimate. The best estimate of selling price is the price at which the
Company would normally expect to offer the services or products and is established by considering a number of internal and
external factors including, but not limited to, geographies, the Company’s pricing policies, internal costs and margins. The
appropriate revenue recognition method is applied for each separately identifiable component as described below.
Outsourcing
Revenue from outsourcing and BPS arrangements is generally recognized as the services are provided at the contractually stated
price, unless there is a better measure of performance or delivery.




68
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                   11
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE (CONTINUED)
Systems integration and consulting services
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under time and material arrangements is recognized as the services
are rendered, and revenue under cost-based arrangements is recognized as reimbursable costs are incurred.
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the arrangements
can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service periods. The Company
primarily uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress towards completion. This method relies on estimates of total
expected labour costs or total expected labour hours to complete the service, which are compared to labour costs or labour hours
incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the percentage of revenue earned to date. Management regularly reviews underlying
estimates of total expected labour costs or hours. If the outcome of an arrangement cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is
recognized to the extent of arrangement costs incurred that are likely to be recoverable.
Revenue from benefits-funded arrangements is recognized only to the extent that it is probable that the benefit stream associated
with the transaction will generate amounts sufficient to fund the value on which revenue recognition is based.
Software licenses
Most of the Company’s software license arrangements include other services such as implementation, customization and
maintenance. For these types of arrangements, revenue from a software license is recognized upon delivery if it has been identified
as a separately identifiable component. Otherwise, it is combined with the implementation and customization services and is
accounted for as described in “Systems integration and consulting services” above. Revenue from maintenance services for
software licenses sold and implemented is recognized ratably over the term of the maintenance period.
Work in progress and deferred revenue
Amounts recognized as revenue in excess of billings are classified as work in progress. Amounts received in advance of the
performance of services or delivery of products are classified as deferred revenue.
Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts
Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts may occur due to additional contract costs which were not foreseen at inception
of the contract. Contract losses are measured at the amount by which the estimated total costs exceed the estimated total revenue
from the contract. The estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts are recognized in the period when it is determined that
a loss is probable. The expected loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract costs with the excess recorded in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities and in other long-term liabilities. Management regularly reviews arrangement profitability
and the underlying estimates.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents consist of unrestricted cash and short-term investments having an initial maturity of three months or
less.

FUNDS HELD FOR CLIENTS AND CLIENTS’ FUNDS OBLIGATIONS
In connection with the Company’s payroll, tax filing and claims services, the Company collects funds for payment of payroll, taxes
and claims, temporarily holds such funds until payment is due, remits the funds to the clients’ employees, appropriate tax authorities
or claim holders, and files federal and local tax returns and handles related regulatory correspondence and amendments. The
funds held for clients include cash and long-term bonds. The Company presents the funds held for clients and related obligations
separately. Funds held for clients are classified as current assets since, based upon management’s intentions, these funds are
held solely for the purpose of satisfying the clients’ funds obligations, which will be repaid within one year of the consolidated
balance sheets date.
Interest income earned and realized gains and losses on the disposal of bonds are recorded in revenue in the period that the
income is earned, since the collecting, holding and remitting of these funds are critical components of providing these services.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                              69 12
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”), including those under finance leases, are recorded at cost and are depreciated over
their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method.

Buildings                                                                                                                     10 to 40 years
Leasehold improvements                                                                               Lesser of the useful life or lease term
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                                              3 to 20 years
Computer equipment                                                                                                              3 to 5 years


LEASES
Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
Assets held under finance leases are initially recognized in PP&E at an amount equal to the fair value of the leased assets or, if
lower, the present value of minimum lease payments at the inception of the lease, and then depreciated over the economic useful
life of the asset or term of the lease, whichever is shorter. The capital element of future lease payments is included in the
consolidated balance sheets within long-term debt. Interest is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings so as to achieve
a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.
Lease payments under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. Operating lease incentives, typically for premises, are recognized as a reduction in the rental expense over the lease
term.

CONTRACT COSTS
Contract costs are mainly incurred when acquiring or implementing long-term outsourcing contracts. Contract costs are comprised
primarily of transition costs and incentives.

Transition costs
Transition costs consist mostly of costs associated with the installation of systems and processes incurred after the award of
outsourcing contracts. Under BPS contracts, the costs consist primarily of costs related to activities such as the conversion of
the client’s applications to the Company’s platforms. Transition costs are comprised essentially of labour costs, including
compensation and related fringe benefits, as well as subcontractor costs.

Incentives
Occasionally, incentives are granted to clients upon the signing of outsourcing contracts. These incentives are granted in the form
of cash payments.

Pre-contract costs
Pre-contract costs associated with acquiring or implementing long-term outsourcing contracts are expensed as incurred except
where it is virtually certain that the contracts will be awarded and the costs are directly related to the acquisition of the contract.
For outsourcing contracts, the Company is virtually certain that a contract will be awarded when the Company is selected by the
client following a tender process but the contract has not yet been signed.

Amortization of contract costs
Contract costs are amortized using the straight-line method as services are provided. Amortization of transition costs and pre-
contract costs, if any, is included in costs of services, selling and administrative and amortization of incentives is recorded as a
reduction of revenue.




70
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                       13
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
CONTRACT COSTS (CONTINUED)
Impairment of contract costs
When a contract is not expected to be profitable, the expected loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract costs.
The excess of the expected loss over the capitalized contract costs is recorded as estimated losses on revenue-generating
contracts in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and in other long-term liabilities. If at a future date the contract returns to
profitability, the previously recognized impairment loss must be reversed. First the estimated losses on revenue-generating
contracts must be reversed, and if there is still additional projected profitability then any capitalized contract costs that were
impaired must be reversed. The reversal of the impairment loss is limited so that the carrying amount does not exceed its
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment
loss been recognized for the contract costs in prior years.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Intangible assets consist mainly of internal-use software, business solutions, software licenses and client relationships. Internal-
use software, business solutions and software licenses are recorded at cost. Business solutions developed internally and marketed
are capitalized when they meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility. Internal-use
software developed internally is capitalized when it meets specific capitalization criteria related to technical and financial feasibility
and when the Company demonstrates its ability and intention to use it. Internal-use software, business solutions, software licenses
and client relationships acquired through business combinations are initially recorded at their fair value based on the present
value of expected future cash flows, which involve making estimates about the future cash flows and discount rates.
Amortization of intangible assets
The Company amortizes its intangible assets using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives:

Internal-use software                                                                                                        2 to 7 years
Business solutions                                                                                                          2 to 10 years
Software licenses                                                                                                            3 to 8 years
Client relationships and other                                                                                              2 to 10 years


IMPAIRMENT OF PP&E, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
Timing of impairment testing
The carrying values of PP&E, intangible assets and goodwill are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Company assesses at each reporting date whether any such events or
changes in circumstances exist. The carrying value of PP&E and intangible assets not available for use and goodwill is tested
for impairment annually as at September 30.
Impairment testing
If any indication of impairment exists or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates the
recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit (“CGU”) to which the asset relates to determine the extent of any
impairment loss. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
use (“VIU”) to the Company. The Company mainly uses the VIU. In assessing VIU, estimated future cash flows are discounted
to their present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the asset or CGU. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account,
if available. If the recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount
is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the CGU or group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from
synergies of the related business combination. The group of CGUs that benefit from the synergies correspond to the Company’s
operating segments. For goodwill impairment testing purposes, the group of CGUs that represent the lowest level within the
Company at which management monitors goodwill is the operating segment level.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                  71 14
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
IMPAIRMENT OF PP&E, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
Impairment testing (continued)
The recoverable amount of each segment has been determined based on the VIU calculation which includes estimates about
their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management covering a period of five years as the Company
generates revenue mainly through long-term contracts. Key assumptions used in the VIU calculations are the discount rate applied
and the long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows. In determining these assumptions, management has taken into
consideration the current economic environment and its resulting impact on expected growth and discount rates. The cash flow
projections reflect management’s expectations of the segment's operating performance and growth prospects in the operating
segment’s market. The discount rate applied to an operating segment is the weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”).
Management considers factors such as country risk premium, risk-free rate, size premium and cost of debt to derive the WACC.
Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.
For impaired assets, other than goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that
previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the Company
estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change
in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. The reversal
is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that
would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. Such
reversal is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.

LONG-TERM FINANCIAL ASSETS
Long-term investments presented in long-term financial assets are comprised of bonds which are classified as long-term based
on management’s intentions.

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method. Under this method the consideration
transferred is measured at fair value. Acquisition-related and integration costs associated with the business combination are
expensed as incurred. The Company recognizes goodwill as the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the net identifiable
tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair values. The fair value allocated to
tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on assumptions of management. These assumptions
include the future expected cash flows arising from the intangible assets identified as client relationships, business solutions, and
trademarks. The preliminary goodwill recognized is composed of the future economic value associated to acquired work force
and synergies with the Company’s operations which are primarily due to reduction of costs and new business opportunities. The
determination of fair value involves making estimates relating to acquired intangible assets, PP&E, litigation, provision for estimated
losses on revenue-generating contracts, other onerous contracts and contingency reserves. Estimates include the forecasting
of future cash flows and discount rates. Subsequent changes in fair values are adjusted against the cost of acquisition if they
qualify as measurement period adjustments. The measurement period is the period between the date of acquisition and the date
where all significant information necessary to determine the fair values is available, not to exceed 12 months. All other subsequent
changes are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.

EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share is determined using the treasury stock method to evaluate the dilutive effect of stock options and PSUs.

RESEARCH AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS
Research costs are charged to earnings in the period in which they are incurred, net of related tax credits. Software development
costs are charged to earnings in the year they are incurred, net of related tax credits, unless they meet specific capitalization
criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility.




72
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                  15
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
TAX CREDITS
The Company follows the income approach to account for tax credits, whereby investment tax credits are recorded when there
is a reasonable assurance that the assistance will be received and that the Company will comply with all relevant conditions.
Under this method, tax credits related to operating expenditures are recorded as a reduction of the related expense and recognized
in the period in which the related expenditures are charged to operations. Tax credits related to capital expenditures are recorded
as a reduction of the cost of the related asset. The tax credits recorded are based on management's best estimates of amounts
expected to be received and are subject to audit by the taxation authorities.

INCOME TAXES
Income taxes are accounted for using the liability method of accounting.
Current income taxes are recognized with respect to the amounts expected to be paid or recovered under the tax rates and laws
that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on deductible or taxable temporary differences between the
amounts reported for financial statement purposes and tax values of the assets and liabilities using enacted or substantively
enacted tax rates that will be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings, other comprehensive income or in equity based on the classification
of the item to which they relate.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
which the losses can be utilized. Once this assessment is made, the Company considers the analysis of forecast and future tax
planning strategies. Such estimates are made based on the forecast by jurisdiction on an undiscounted basis. Management
considers factors such as expected taxable income or profit, the history of the taxable profits and availability of tax strategies.
The Company is subject to taxation in numerous jurisdictions and there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
tax determination is uncertain. When a tax position is uncertain, the Company recognizes an income tax benefit or reduces an
income tax liability only when it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future or that the income tax liability is no
longer probable. The provision for uncertain tax positions is made using the best estimate of the amount expected to be paid
based on qualitative assessment of all relevant factors such as experience of previous tax audits or interpretations of tax regulations.

PROVISIONS
Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate
can be made of the amount of the obligation. The Company’s provisions consist of liabilities for leases of premises that the
Company has vacated, litigation and claim provisions arising in the ordinary course of business and decommissioning liabilities
for operating leases of office buildings. The Company also records restructuring provisions related to business combinations and
termination of employment costs incurred as part of the Company's productivity improvement initiatives.
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Provisions are discounted
using a current pre-tax rate when the impact of the time value of money is material. The increase in the provision due to the
passage of time is recognized as finance cost.
The Company accrues provisions for onerous leases which consist of estimated costs associated with vacated premises. The
provisions reflect the present value of lease payments in excess of the expected sublease proceeds on the remaining term of
the lease.
The accrued litigation and legal claim provisions are based on historical experience, current trends and other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim
occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                73 16
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)
Decommissioning liabilities pertain to operating leases of buildings where certain arrangements require premises to be returned
to their original state at the end of the lease term. The provision is determined using the present value of the estimated future
cash outflows.
Restructuring provisions, consisting of severances, are recognized when a detailed formal plan identifies the business or part of
the business concerned, the location and number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs, appropriate
timelines and has been communicated to those affected by it.

TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is also the parent company’s functional
currency. Each entity in the Company determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of
each entity are measured using that functional currency. Functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment
in which the entity operates.
Foreign currency transactions and balances
Revenue, expenses and non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate of exchange
prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at exchange
rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Unrealized and realized translation gains and losses are reflected in the consolidated
statements of earnings.
Foreign operations
For foreign operations that have functional currencies different from the Company, assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign
currency are translated into Canadian dollars at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are
translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Resulting unrealized gains or losses on translating financial
statements of foreign operations are reported in other comprehensive income.
For foreign operations with the same functional currency as the Company, monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical exchange
rates. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period. Translation exchange gains or losses of
such operations are reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings.

SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
Equity-settled plans
The Company operates equity-settled stock option and PSU plans under which the Company receives services from employees
and others as consideration for equity instruments.
The fair value of those share-based payments is established on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for
the stock options and the closing price of Class A subordinate shares of the Company on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”)
for the PSUs. The number of stock options and PSUs expected to vest are estimated on the grant date and subsequently revised
on each reporting date. For stock options, the estimation of fair value requires making assumptions for the most appropriate
inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the option and expected stock price volatility. The fair values, adjusted
for expectations related to performance conditions and for expected forfeitures, are recognized as share-based payment costs
in earnings with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus on a graded-vesting basis over the vesting period.
When stock options are exercised, any consideration paid is credited to capital stock and the recorded fair value of the stock
option is removed from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock. When PSUs are exercised, the recorded fair value of
PSUs is removed from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock.
Share purchase plan
The Company operates a share purchase plan for eligible employees. Under this plan, the Company matches the contributions
made by employees up to a maximum percentage of the employee's salary. The Company contributions to the plan are recognized
in salaries and other member costs within costs of services, selling and administrative.



74
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                 17
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
Cash-settled deferred share units
The Company operates a deferred share unit (“DSU”) plan to compensate the members of the Board of Directors. The expense
is recognized, within costs of services, selling and administrative, for each DSU granted equal to the closing price of Class A
subordinate shares of the Company on the TSX at the date on which DSUs are awarded and a corresponding liability is recorded
in accrued compensation. After the grant date, the DSU liability is remeasured for subsequent changes in the fair value of the
Company shares.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
All financial instruments are initially measured at their fair values. Subsequently, financial assets classified as loans and receivables
and financial liabilities classified as other liabilities are measured at their amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.
Financial assets and liabilities classified as fair value through earnings (“FVTE”) and classified as available-for-sale are measured
subsequently at their fair values.
Financial instruments may be designated on initial recognition as FVTE if any of the following criteria are met: i) the financial
instrument contains one or more embedded derivatives that otherwise would have to be accounted for separately; ii) the designation
eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring the
financial asset or liability or recognizing the gains and losses on them on a different basis; or iii) the financial asset and financial
liability are part of a group of financial assets or liabilities that is managed and its performance evaluated on a fair value basis,
in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy. Gains and losses related to periodic revaluations of
financial assets and liabilities designated as FVTE are recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes, on available-for-sale assets are reported in other comprehensive
income. Interest income earned and realized gains and losses on the sale of available-for-sale assets are recorded in the
consolidated statements of earnings.
Transaction costs are comprised primarily of legal, accounting and other costs directly attributable to the issuance of the respective
financial assets and liabilities. Transaction costs are capitalized to the cost of financial assets and liabilities classified as other
than FVTE.
Financial assets are derecognized if the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or the asset is transferred
and the transfer qualifies for derecognition. The transfer qualifies for derecognition if substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership of the financial asset are transferred.
The Company has made the following classifications:
FVTE
Cash and cash equivalents and derivative financial instruments (unless they qualify for hedge accounting). In addition, deferred
compensation plan assets within long-term financial assets were designated by management as FVTE upon initial recognition
as this reflected management’s investment strategy.
Loans and receivables
Trade accounts receivable, cash included in funds held for clients and long-term receivables within long-term financial assets.
Available-for-sale
Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments within long-term financial assets.
Other liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, long-term debt and clients’ funds obligations.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                 75 18
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
Fair value hierarchy
Fair value measurements recognized in the balance sheet are categorized in accordance with the following levels:
     Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
     Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, but that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
     or indirectly; and
     Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
The Company enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign currency
exchange risks.
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered into and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in the
consolidated statements of earnings unless the derivative is designated and is effective as a hedging instrument, in which event
the timing of the recognition in the consolidated statements of earnings depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the
Company wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The
documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being
hedged and how the Company will assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair value in offsetting the
exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expected to
be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on an ongoing basis to determine
that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they were designated.
The cash flows of the hedging transactions are classified in the same manner as the cash flows of the position being hedged.
Derivative financial instruments used as hedging items are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets under current
derivative financial instruments, long-term financial assets or long-term derivative financial instruments. Valuation models, such
as discounted cash flow analysis using observable market inputs, are utilized to determine the fair values of the derivative financial
instruments.

NET INVESTMENT HEDGES
Hedges on net investments in foreign operations
The Company uses cross-currency swaps and foreign currency denominated long-term debt to hedge portions of the Company’s
net investments in its U.S. and European operations. Foreign exchange translation gains or losses on the net investments and
the effective portions of gains or losses on instruments hedging the net investments are recorded in other comprehensive income.
To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in consolidated statements of earnings. When the
hedged net investment is disposed of, the relevant amount in other comprehensive income is transferred to earnings as part of
the gain or loss on disposal.

CASH FLOW HEDGES
Cash flow hedges on future revenue
The Company has entered into various foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the foreign currency exchange
rates.
Cash flow hedge on unsecured committed term loan credit facility
The Company has entered into interest rate swaps to hedge the cash flow exposure of the issued variable rate unsecured
committed term loan credit facility. Under the interest rate swaps, the Company receives a variable rate of interest and pays
interest at a fixed rate on the notional amount.



76
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                 19
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.       Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

CASH FLOW HEDGES (CONTINUED)
The above hedges were documented as cash flow hedges and no component of the derivative contracts’ fair value are excluded
from the assessment and measurement of hedge effectiveness. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative
financial instruments is recognized in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion, if any, in the consolidated statements
of earnings. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is reclassified out of other comprehensive income
into the consolidated statements of earnings when the hedged element is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
FAIR VALUE HEDGES
Fair value hedges on Senior U.S. unsecured notes
The Company entered into interest rate swaps to hedge the fair value exposure of the issued fixed rate Senior U.S. unsecured
notes. Under the interest rate swaps, the Company receives a fixed rate of interest and pays interest at a variable rate on the
notional amount.
The changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as finance
costs. The changes in the fair value of the hedged items attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as part of the carrying value
of the Senior U.S. unsecured notes and are also recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as finance costs. If the
hedged items are derecognized, the unamortized fair value is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
The Company operates post-employment benefit plans of both a defined contribution and defined benefit nature.
The cost of defined contribution plans is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on the basis of contributions payable
by the Company during the year.
For defined benefits plans, the defined benefit obligations are calculated by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit
method. The retirement benefits obligations in the consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the defined benefit
obligation as reduced by the fair value of plan assets. The retirement benefits assets are recognized to the extent that the Company
can benefit from refunds or a reduction in future contributions. Retirement benefit plans that are funded by the payment of insurance
premiums are treated as defined contribution plans unless the Company has an obligation either to pay the benefits directly when
they fall due or to pay further amounts if assets accumulated with the insurer do not cover all future employee benefits. In such
circumstances, the plan is treated as a defined benefit plan.
Insurance policies are treated as plan assets of a defined benefit plan if the proceeds of the policy:
     -    Can only be used to fund employee benefits;

     -    Are not available to the Company’s creditors; and

     -    Either cannot be paid to the Company unless the proceeds represent surplus assets not needed to meet all the benefit
          obligations or are a reimbursement for benefits already paid by the Company.
Insurance policies that do not meet the above criteria are treated as non-current investments and are held at fair value as long-
term financial assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
The actuarial valuations used to determine the cost of defined benefit pension plans and their present value involve making
assumptions about discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in these
assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate management
considers the interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be
paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                             77 20
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.         Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
The current service cost is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings under costs of services, selling and administrative.
The net interest cost calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset is recognized as net
finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that
relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The gains or losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognized when the settlement occurs.
Remeasurements on defined benefit plans include actuarial gains and losses, changes in the effect of the asset ceiling and the
return on plan assets, excluding the amount included in net interest on the net defined liability or assets. Remeasurements are
charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
The following standards have been issued but are not yet effective:
IFRS 15 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers
In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, to specify how and when to recognize revenue
as well as requiring the provision of more informative and relevant disclosures. IFRS 15 supersedes IAS 18, “Revenue”, IAS 11,
“Construction Contracts”, and other revenue related interpretations. The standard will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the
Company, with earlier adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated
financial statements.
IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments
In July 2014, the IASB amended IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”, to bring together the classification and measurement, impairment
and hedge accounting phases of the IASB's project to replace IAS 39, “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”.
The standard supersedes all previous versions of IFRS 9 and will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company with earlier
application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.


4.         Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                                      As at                                       As at
                                                                                                         September 30, 2015                         September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                              $                                          $
    Cash                                                                                                              305,262                                   265,715
    Cash equivalents                                                                                                       —                                    270,000
                                                                                                                      305,262                                   535,715



5.         Accounts receivable

                                                                                                                      As at                                       As at
                                                                                                         September 30, 2015                         September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                              $                                          $
    Trade (Note 31)                                                                                                  889,192                                    873,466
    Other1                                                                                                           208,671                                    162,602
                                                                                                                   1,097,863                                  1,036,068
1
     Other accounts receivable include tax credits for the Development of E-Business, other tax credits for Research and Development and job and economic growth
     initiatives. The tax credits represent approximately $139,972,000 and $113,511,000 of other accounts receivable in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
     The Tax Credit for the Development of E-Business in Québec enables corporations with an establishment in the province of Québec that carry out eligible activities
     in the technology sector to obtain a refundable tax credit equal to 24% of eligible salaries, up to a maximum of $20,000 per year per eligible employee until December
     31, 2025. For all eligible salaries incurred after March 26, 2015 in addition to the refundable tax credit of 24%, a non-refundable tax credit of 6% is now available,
     increasing the maximum tax credit to $25,000 per year per employee.




78
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                                      21
                                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


6.      Funds held for clients

                                                                                                              As at                           As at
                                                                                                 September 30, 2015             September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                     $                            $
 Cash                                                                                                        299,433                       97,577
 Long-term bonds (Note 31)                                                                                   196,964                      198,177
                                                                                                             496,397                      295,754




7.      Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                            Furniture,
                                                                         Land and        Leasehold       fixtures and      Computer
                                                                         buildings    improvements         equipment      equipment           Total
                                                                                 $                   $               $            $               $
 Cost
  As at September 30, 2014                                                 72,357           205,242         150,419         603,646     1,031,664
  Additions                                                                 6,542             4,556           8,944         120,434       140,476
  Disposals/retirements                                                        —            (13,491)         (10,693)      (108,695)     (132,879)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   5,533            13,287           11,277         50,248        80,345
 As at September 30, 2015                                                  84,432           209,594         159,947         665,633     1,119,606
 Accumulated depreciation
  As at September 30, 2014                                                 10,142           125,381           72,790       336,471        544,784
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            3,183            26,982           20,723       122,778        173,666
  Disposals/retirements                                                        —            (13,444)         (10,497)      (92,367)      (116,308)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   1,264             8,300            6,105        28,686         44,355
 As at September 30, 2015                                                  14,589           147,219           89,121       395,568        646,497
 Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2015                              69,843            62,375           70,826       270,065        473,109

                                                                                                             Furniture,
                                                                         Land and         Leasehold       fixtures and     Computer
                                                                         buildings     improvements         equipment     equipment           Total
                                                                                 $                   $               $            $               $
 Cost
  As at September 30, 2013                                                 62,077           193,221         160,394        466,312        882,004
  Additions                                                                 8,962            10,630          19,926        155,939        195,457
  Disposals/retirements                                                        —              (6,932)        (38,420)      (34,984)       (80,336)
   Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  1,318              8,323           8,519        16,379         34,539
 As at September 30, 2014                                                  72,357           205,242         150,419        603,646      1,031,664
 Accumulated depreciation
  As at September 30, 2013                                                  6,670            99,015           75,628       225,548        406,861
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            3,275            29,669           26,811       127,131        186,886
  Disposals/retirements                                                        —              (6,920)        (35,105)      (24,077)       (66,102)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                     197              3,617           5,456         7,869         17,139
 As at September 30, 2014                                                  10,142           125,381           72,790       336,471        544,784
 Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2014                              62,215            79,861           77,629       267,175        486,880




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                            79 22
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


7.       Property, plant and equipment (continued)
Property, plant and equipment include the following assets acquired under finance leases:


                                                                                    As at September 30, 2015              As at September 30, 2014
                                                                                                          Net                                  Net
                                                                                   Accumulated       carrying             Accumulated     carrying
                                                                           Cost    depreciation       amount       Cost    depreciation   amount
                                                                              $                $            $         $              $          $
     Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                  14,033             7,953        6,080    15,522         8,744       6,778
     Computer equipment                                                 85,318           53,533       31,785     93,375        61,783      31,592
                                                                        99,351           61,486       37,865    108,897        70,527      38,370




8.          Contract costs

                                                                                   As at September 30, 2015               As at September 30, 2014
                                                                                                          Net                                  Net
                                                                                   Accumulated       carrying             Accumulated     carrying
                                                                          Cost     amortization       amount       Cost    amortization   amount
                                                                             $                 $           $          $               $         $
 Transition costs                                                     414,604           235,640      178,964    356,704       209,186     147,518
 Incentives                                                           100,811            90,540       10,271    101,291        92,269       9,022
                                                                      515,415           326,180      189,235    457,995       301,455     156,540




80
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                              23
                                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


9.        Intangible assets

                                                                     Internal-use                     Business
                                                     Internal-use        software     Business        solutions                        Client
                                                         software       internally    solutions       internally   Software    relationships
                                                         acquired      developed       acquired      developed     licenses        and other          Total
                                                                $                $            $               $            $                $            $
 Cost
  As at September 30, 2014                               102,686          50,736       126,715        310,486      164,461          896,359      1,651,443
  Additions                                                2,241           7,269           369         38,100       38,409               —          86,388
  Disposals/retirements                                  (17,206)         (2,902)        (7,691)        (5,050)    (40,373)         (26,213)       (99,435)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                  5,238             237          8,977         44,504      11,598           84,521        155,075
 As at September 30, 2015                                 92,959          55,340       128,370        388,040      174,095          954,667      1,793,471
 Accumulated amortization
  As at September 30, 2014                                69,447          42,143        99,778        195,085      100,920          513,996      1,021,369
  Amortization expense (Note 24)                          10,666           3,125        10,391         25,460       30,664          106,000        186,306
  Impairment (Note 24)                                        —                —             —           5,289          —                —           5,289
  Disposals/retirements                                  (17,206)          (2,902)       (7,691)        (5,050)    (38,028)         (26,213)       (97,090)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                  3,574              98          8,340         26,734       7,060           62,980        108,786
 As at September 30, 2015                                 66,481          42,464       110,818        247,518      100,616          656,763      1,224,660
 Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2015                                                    26,478          12,876        17,552        140,522       73,479          297,904       568,811



                                                                      Internal-use                    Business
                                                      Internal-use        software     Business       solutions                         Client
                                                          software       internally    solutions      internally   Software     relationships
                                                          acquired      developed      acquired      developed      licenses       and other          Total
                                                                $                $            $               $           $                 $            $
 Cost
  As at September 30, 2013                               105,002          45,371       123,850        260,072  130,448             862,004       1,526,747
  Additions                                                4,226           6,499           114         34,759   41,790                  —           87,388
  Disposals/retirements                                  (12,170)         (1,307)         (603)        (1,984) (12,449)                 —          (28,513)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                  5,628             173         3,354         17,639    4,672              34,355          65,821
 As at September 30, 2014                                102,686          50,736       126,715        310,486 164,461              896,359       1,651,443
 Accumulated amortization
  As at September 30, 2013                                63,211          40,184        84,644        164,963   82,885             382,695        818,582
  Amortization expense (Note 24)                          14,264           2,996        12,568         21,467   26,874             114,523        192,692
  Disposals/retirements                                  (12,170)         (1,118)         (121)        (1,980) (12,197)                 —          (27,586)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                  4,142              81         2,687         10,635    3,358              16,778          37,681
 As at September 30, 2014                                 69,447          42,143        99,778        195,085 100,920              513,996       1,021,369
 Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2014                                                    33,239            8,593       26,937        115,401       63,541         382,363        630,074




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                    81 24
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


10.       Other long-term assets

                                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                                     September 30, 2015   September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                      $                     $
 Insurance contracts held to fund defined benefit pension and life assurance
   arrangements - reimbursement rights (Note 17)                                                                24,225                22,415
 Retirement benefits assets (Note 17)                                                                             9,096                8,737
 Deferred financing fees                                                                                         3,286                 4,474
 Long-term maintenance agreements                                                                               14,971                15,004
 Deposits                                                                                                         9,747               11,773
 Other                                                                                                            8,028               11,755
                                                                                                                69,353                74,158




11.       Long-term financial assets


                                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                                     September 30, 2015   September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                     $                     $
 Deferred compensation plan assets (Note 17)                                                                    38,238               31,151
 Long-term investments (Note 31)                                                                                42,202               30,689
 Long-term receivables                                                                                          11,609                 7,403
 Derivative financial assets (Note 31)                                                                          30,771               14,834
                                                                                                               122,820               84,077




82
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                         25
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


12.          Goodwill
Up to June 30, 2015, management reviewed the Company's operating results through the seven following operating segments,
namely: United States of America (“U.S.”); Nordics, Southern Europe and South America (“NSESA”); Canada; France (including
Luxembourg and Morocco) (“France”); United Kingdom (“U.K.”); Central and Eastern Europe (primarily the Netherlands and
Germany) (“CEE”) and Asia Pacific (including Australia, India and the Philippines) (“Asia Pacific”). Effective July 1, 2015, the
Company is managed through the following seven operating segments, namely: U.S.; Nordics; Canada; France; U.K.; Eastern,
Central and Southern Europe (primarily Netherlands and Germany) (“ECS”); and Asia Pacific. The Company refined its
management reporting and structure to better align to the Company's client proximity model, which had the impact of transferring
the South Europe and Brazil operations from Nordics to ECS segment.
Due to the change in operating segments, the Company reallocated goodwill to the revised CGUs using relative fair values. The
Company completed the annual impairment test as at September 30, 2015 and did not identify any impairment.
The variations in goodwill were as follows:

                                                                                                                                        Asia
                                  U.S.        NSESA         Nordics        Canada       France          U.K.      CEE        ECS      Pacific         Total
                                    $                $             $               $             $         $         $          $           $              $
    As at September
     30, 2014              1,491,912       1,272,823              —      1,111,702     820,219       891,890   722,996         —     299,781    6,611,323
    Goodwill
     reallocation to
     new CGUs                       —     (1,237,102) 1,143,452                    —         —            — (710,837)     804,487         —              —
    Foreign currency
     translation
     adjustment                287,881       (35,721)        71,541                —    46,469       100,772   (12,159)    60,626      6,251      525,660
    As at September
     30, 2015             1,779,793                —     1,214,993       1,111,702     866,688       992,662        —     865,113    306,032    7,136,983


Key assumptions in goodwill impairment testing
The key assumptions for the CGUs are disclosed in the following table:


    As at September 30, 2015                                                U.S.       Nordics       Canada     France        U.K.       ECS Asia Pacific
                                                                              %             %             %         %           %           %             %
    Assumptions
     Pre-tax WACC                                                           11.3         11.4            9.0      10.6        9.9        10.8          19.5
     Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                      2.0           1.8           2.0       1.9        1.8         1.7           2.0


    As at September 30, 2014                                                U.S.       NSESA         Canada     France       U.K.        CEE    Asia Pacific
                                                                              %             %            %          %          %           %             %
    Assumptions
     Pre-tax WACC                                                           11.2         12.2           9.0       10.6       10.2        10.6         21.7
     Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                      2.0          1.9           2.0        1.9        1.8         1.6           2.0
1
    The long-term growth rate is based on published industry research.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                    83  26
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


13.          Provisions

                                                                          Onerous          Litigation       Decommissioning
                                                                          leases1, 4     and claims2              liabilities3     Restructuring4               Total
                                                                                  $                 $                          $                  $                 $
    As at September 30, 2014                                               45,649             31,593                    44,781             91,872           213,895
    Additional provisions                                                    8,468             4,902                        362            32,836             46,568
    Utilized amounts                                                      (15,262)            (2,919)                      (489)          (70,416)           (89,086)
    Reversals of unused amounts                                             (2,957)           (9,803)                   (8,875)                 —            (21,635)
    Discount rate adjustment and imputed interest                              319                 —                        431                 —                750
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  3,266               386                     2,543                 348             6,543
    As at September 30, 2015                                               39,483             24,159                    38,753             54,640           157,035
    Current portion                                                        15,408             24,159                     7,460             47,371             94,398
    Non-current portion                                                    24,075                  —                    31,293              7,269             62,637



                                                                           Onerous          Litigation        Decommissioning
                                                                          leases1, 4      and claims2               liabilities3    Restructuring4               Total
                                                                                  $                 $                          $                  $                 $
    As at September 30, 2013                                               94,022             65,418                    54,256            118,389           332,085
    Additional provisions                                                  14,118              3,351                     1,770            100,354           119,593
    Utilized amounts                                                      (44,174)           (14,133)                   (1,560)          (122,130)         (181,997)
    Reversals of unused amounts                                           (24,275)           (24,984)                  (12,574)            (6,081)           (67,914)
    Discount rate adjustment and imputed interest                              605                —                        525                 —               1,130
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  5,353             1,941                     2,364              1,340             10,998
    As at September 30, 2014                                               45,649             31,593                    44,781             91,872           213,895
    Current portion                                                        17,203             31,593                     8,542             85,971           143,309
    Non-current portion                                                    28,446                  —                    36,239              5,901            70,586
1
    As at September 30, 2015, the timing of cash outflows relating to these provisions ranges between one and eight years (one and nine years as at September 30,
    2014) and they were discounted at a weighted average rate of 0.85% (1.35% as at September 30, 2014).
2
    As at September 30, 2015, litigation and claims include provisions related to tax exposure (other than those related to income tax), contractual disputes, employee
    claims and other of $9,854,000, $6,405,000 and $7,900,000, respectively (as at September 30, 2014, $15,661,000, $7,433,000 and $8,499,000, respectively). The
    reversals of unused amounts are mostly due to favorable settlements of tax exposures and employee claims.
3
    As at September 30, 2015, the decommissioning liability was based on the expected cash flows of $39,574,000 ($45,834,000 as at September 30, 2014) and was
    discounted at a weighted average rate of 1.13% (0.94% as at September 30, 2014). The timing of the settlement of these obligations ranges between one and
    eight years as at September 30, 2015 (one and nine years as at September 30, 2014). The reversals of unused amounts are mostly due to favorable settlements.
4
    During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company announced a restructuring program of approximately $60,000,000 to advance the realization of benefits
    associated with productivity enablers and other cost initiatives expected to yield savings throughout fiscal 2016. For the year ended September 30, 2015, the
    Company incurred $35,903,000 of the announced program of which $32,836,000 was accounted for in the provision for restructuring and $3,067,000 was accounted
    for in the provision for onerous leases.
    For the year ended September 30, 2014, the Company incurred $94,273,000 of integration costs that were accounted for in the provision for restructuring and
    $1,503,000 were accounted for in the provision for onerous leases (Note 26b).




84
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                                  27
                                                                                                                                FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


14.           Long-term debt

                                                                                                                              As at                             As at
                                                                                                                 September 30, 2015               September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                                     $                                $

    Senior U.S. unsecured notes repayable by tranches of $113,892 (U.S.$85,000) in
     2016, $187,586 (U.S.$140,000) in 2018 and $334,975 (U.S.$250,000) in 20211                                              640,693                           522,220

    Senior unsecured notes repayable by tranches of $53,596 (U.S.$40,000) in 2019,
     $73,695 (U.S.$55,000) in 2021, $401,970 (U.S.$300,000) in 2024, $468,965 (U.S.
     $350,000) in 7 yearly payments of U.S.$50,000 from 2018 to 2024 and $127,143,
     (€85,000) in 20212                                                                                                    1,124,487                           954,317
    Unsecured committed term loan credit facility3                                                                           129,222                         1,001,752
    Obligations repayable in blended monthly installments maturing at various dates until
     2019, bearing a weighted average interest rate of 2.70% (3.01% in 2014)                                                 152,078                           117,680

    Obligations under finance leases repayable in blended monthly installments maturing
     at various dates until 2020, bearing a weighted average interest rate of 3.48% (3.66%
     in 2014)                                                                                                                 57,170                            61,698
    Other long-term debt                                                                                                      23,437                            22,036
                                                                                                                           2,127,087                         2,679,703
    Current portion                                                                                                          230,906                            80,367
                                                                                                                           1,896,181                         2,599,336

     The Company has an unsecured committed revolving credit facility available for an amount of $1,500,000,000 that expires in December 2018. This facility bears
     interest at Bankers' acceptance, LIBOR or Canadian prime, plus a variable margin that is determined based on the Company's leverage ratio. As at September
     30, 2015, no amount was drawn upon this facility. Also, an amount of $43,224,000 has been committed against this facility to cover various letters of credit issued
     for clients and other parties. On November 9, 2015, the facility was extended by another year to December 2019 and can be further extended annually. All other
     terms and conditions including interest rates and banking covenants remain unchanged. The unsecured committed revolving credit facility contains covenants that
     require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 32). As at September 30, 2015, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
1
     As at September 30, 2015, an amount of $636,453,000 was drawn, plus fair value adjustments relating to interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of
     $4,740,000 less financing fees of $500,000. The private placement financing with U.S. institutional investors is comprised of three tranches of Senior U.S. unsecured
     notes, with a weighted average maturity of 4.4 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.57% (4.57% in 2014). The Senior U.S. unsecured notes contain
     covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 32). As at September 30, 2015, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
2
     As at September 30, 2015, an amount of $1,125,369,000 was drawn, less financing fees of $882,000. The private placement is comprised of four tranches of
     Senior U.S. unsecured notes and one tranche of Senior euro unsecured note, with a weighted average maturity of 6.9 years and a weighted average interest rate
     of 3.62% (3.62% in 2014). The Senior unsecured notes contain covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 32). As at September
     30, 2015, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
3
     As at September 30, 2015, an amount of $129,385,000 was drawn, less financing fees of $163,000. The unsecured committed term loan credit facility expires on
     May 2016. This facility bears interest at Bankers’ acceptance and LIBOR; plus a variable margin that is determined based on the Company’s leverage ratio. As at
     September 30, 2015, the margin paid was 1.25% for Banker’s acceptance and LIBOR and the weighted average interest was 2.05% (2.76% in 2014). The unsecured
     committed term loan credit facility contains covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 32). As at September 30, 2015, the
     Company was in compliance with these covenants.

     During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company repaid in advance, without penalty, a portion of the May 2016 maturing tranche of the unsecured
     committed term loan credit facility for a total amount of $879,669,000. Following these repayments, the Company settled related floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps
     with a notional amount of $265,400,000 and related floating-to-floating cross currency swaps with a notional amount of $859,070,000 (Note 31). On October 1,
     2015, the Company settled, with no material impact, a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap with a notional amount of $109,270,000 following the repayment of a
     portion of the unsecured committed term loan credit facility on September 29, 2015.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                                 85  28
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


14.          Long-term debt (continued)
Principal repayments on long-term debt, excluding fair value hedges and financing fees, over the forthcoming years are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                 $
    Less than one year                                                                                                                                    199,618
    Between one and two years                                                                                                                             159,330
    Between two and five years                                                                                                                            496,237
    Beyond five years                                                                                                                                   1,211,537
    Total principal payments on long-term debt                                                                                                          2,066,722



    Minimum finance lease payments are as follows:                                                                     Principal         Interest         Payment
                                                                                                                              $                 $                $
    Less than one year                                                                                                  31,451               1,268         32,719
    Between one and two years                                                                                           13,875                 617         14,492
    Between two and five years                                                                                          10,022                 513         10,535
    Beyond five years                                                                                                    1,822                  47          1,869
    Total minimum finance lease payments                                                                                57,170               2,445         59,615




15.          Other long-term liabilities

                                                                                                                                  As at                      As at
                                                                                                                     September 30, 2015        September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                                         $                       $
    Deferred revenue                                                                                                               167,576                151,989
    Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts1                                                                                4,431                 42,804
    Deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note 17)                                                                                40,940                 34,620
    Deferred rent                                                                                                                   56,165                 67,169
    Other                                                                                                                            8,111                 11,805
                                                                                                                                   277,223                308,387
1
     The current portion of estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities is $51,008,000 as at September 30,
     2015 ($84,747,000 at September 30, 2014).




86
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                               29
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.       Income taxes

                                                                                                            Year ended September 30
                                                                                                            2015              2014
                                                                                                               $                 $
Current income tax expense
 Current income tax expense in respect of the current year                                               302,813           250,403
  Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the income tax expense of prior years        (13,539)          (33,956)
Total current income tax expense                                                                         289,274           216,447
Deferred income tax expense
 Deferred income tax expense relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences            76,953            60,488
 Deferred income tax expense (recovery) relating to changes in tax rates                                   1,456            (1,520)
 Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the deferred income tax expense of prior
   years                                                                                                    (901)           23,948
   Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                          (15,790)          (28,556)
Total deferred income tax expense                                                                         61,718            54,360
Total income tax expense                                                                                 350,992           270,807


The Company’s effective income tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the combined Federal and Provincial
Canadian statutory tax rate as follows:

                                                                                                            Year ended September 30
                                                                                                            2015              2014
                                                                                                              %                 %
Company's statutory tax rate                                                                                26.9              26.9
Effect of foreign tax rate differences                                                                       0.3               (0.3)
Final determination from agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations         (1.1)              (0.9)
Non-deductible and tax exempt items                                                                          0.5                0.2
Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                                (1.2)              (2.5)
Effect of integration-related costs                                                                           —                (0.1)
Minimum income tax charge                                                                                    0.9               0.8
Impact on future tax assets and liabilities resulting from tax rate changes                                  0.1              (0.1)
Effective income tax rate                                                                                   26.4              24.0




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                            87 30
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.         Income taxes (continued)
The continuity of deferred income tax balances is as follows:

                                                                                 Recognized                         Foreign currency
                                                   As at                            in other                              translation            As at
                                              September      Recognized in    comprehensive      Recognized in       adjustment and       September 30,
                                                30, 2014         earnings            income             equity                  other             2015
                                                                        $                   $               $                       $                $
 Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and
  other long-term liabilities                     79,971           (14,397)                —                —                   7,909            73,483
 Tax benefits on losses carried forward          269,134           (58,650)                —                —                  13,913           224,397
 Accrued compensation                             57,406            (7,846)                —              (386)                 8,265            57,439
 Retirement benefits obligations                  35,315            (3,267)              (519)              —                     962            32,491
 Allowance for doubtful accounts                   3,827               210                 —                —                     363             4,400
 PP&E, contract costs, intangible assets
   and other long-term assets                    (160,592)          27,278                 —                —                 (12,406)         (145,720)
 Work in progress                                (56,068)           (1,992)                —                —                 (10,107)          (68,167)
 Goodwill                                        (46,757)              211                 —                —                  (8,261)          (54,807)
 Refundable tax credits on salaries              (17,966)           (3,165)                —                —                      —            (21,131)
 Cash flow hedges                                 (2,417)              (33)           (11,176)              —                    (435)          (14,061)
 Other liabilities                                 5,591               (67)            (2,578)              —                    (826)            2,120
 Deferred income taxes, net                      167,444           (61,718)           (14,273)            (386)                  (623)           90,444


                                                                                  Recognized                         Foreign currency
                                                    As at                            in other                              translation           As at
                                              September      Recognized in     comprehensive     Recognized in        adjustment and      September 30,
                                                30, 2013         earnings             income            equity                  other             2014
                                                        $               $                   $               $                       $                $
Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and
 other long-term liabilities                      69,497             6,685                 —                —                   3,789            79,971
Tax benefits on losses carried forward           300,536           (44,065)                —                —                  12,663           269,134
Accrued compensation                              68,908            (5,356)                —            (9,542)                 3,396            57,406
Retirement benefits obligations                   21,958              726             12,940                —                    (309)           35,315
Allowance for doubtful accounts                     5,274           (1,445)                —                —                       (2)           3,827
PP&E, contract costs, intangible assets
 and other long-term assets                      (150,418)          (2,432)                —                —                  (7,742)         (160,592)
Work in progress                                  (43,217)          (9,762)                —                —                  (3,089)          (56,068)
Goodwill                                          (41,326)          (2,798)                —                —                  (2,633)          (46,757)
Refundable tax credits on salaries                (21,821)           3,855                 —                —                      —            (17,966)
Cash flow hedges                                    4,173           (1,424)            (5,247)              —                      81            (2,417)
Other liabilities                                    (676)           1,656              2,182               —                   2,429             5,591
Deferred income taxes, net                       212,888           (54,360)             9,875           (9,542)                 8,583           167,444



The deferred income taxes are presented as follows in the consolidated balance sheets:

                                                                                                                    As at                         As at
                                                                                                       September 30, 2015           September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                         $                           $
 Deferred tax assets                                                                                               261,431                     323,416
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                         (170,987)                   (155,972)
                                                                                                                   90,444                      167,444




88
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                   31
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.       Income taxes (continued)
As at September 30, 2015, the Company had $1,104,894,000 ($1,339,836,000 as at September 30, 2014) in operating tax losses
carried forward, of which $131,980,000 ($152,700,000 as at September 30, 2014) expire at various dates up to 2032 and
$972,914,000 ($1,187,136,000 as at September 30, 2014) have no expiry dates. The Company recognized a deferred tax asset
of $267,350,000 ($331,650,000 as at September 30, 2014) on the losses carried forward and recognized a valuation allowance
of $48,653,000 ($62,516,000 as at September 30, 2014). The resulting net deferred tax asset of $218,697,000 ($269,134,000
as at September 30, 2014) is the amount that is more likely than not to be realized, based on deferred tax liabilities reversal and
future taxable profits. The unrecognized losses amounted to $167,100,000 ($233,100,000 as at September 30, 2014).
As at September 30, 2015, the Company had $663,275,000 ($378,658,000 as at September 30, 2014) in non-operating tax losses
carried forward that have no expiry dates. The Company recognized a deferred tax asset of $130,903,000 ($81,484,000 as at
September 30, 2014) on the losses carried forward and recognized a valuation allowance of $125,203,000 ($81,484,000 as at
September 30, 2014). The resulting net deferred tax asset of $5,700,000 ($nil as at September 30, 2014) is the amount that is
more likely than not to be realized, based on deferred tax liabilities reversal and future taxable profits. The unrecognized losses
amounted to $634,800,000 ($378,700,000 as at September 30, 2014).
As at September 30, 2015, the Company has not recorded deferred tax liabilities on undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries
when they are considered indefinitely reinvested, unless it is probable that these temporary differences will reverse. Upon
distribution of these earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company may be subject to taxes. The temporary differences
associated with investments in foreign subsidiaries for which a deferred tax liability has not been recognized amounted to
$2,031,729,000 ($1,434,101,000 as at September 30, 2014).
The cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries were $263,607,000 as at September 30, 2015 ($356,147,000 as at
September 30, 2014). The tax implications and impact related to its repatriation will not materially affect the Company’s liquidity.
The United Kingdom Finance Bill 2015-16 which includes the reduction in the U.K. corporate tax rate from 20% to 19%, effective
April 1, 2017 and from 19% to 18%, effective April 1, 2020 was released and became substantively enacted on October 26, 2015.
As a result, the Company will incur an additional income tax expense for an amount of approximately $6,000,000 resulting from
the revaluation of its deferred tax assets.


17.       Employee benefits
The Company operates various post-employment plans, including defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as well
as other benefit plans for its employees.

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
The Company operates defined benefit pension plans primarily for the benefit of employees in U.K., Germany, France, with smaller
plans in other countries. The benefits are based on pensionable salary and years of service. U.K. and Germany plans are funded
with the assets held in separate funds. The plan in France is unfunded.
The defined benefit plans expose the Company to interest risk, inflation risk, longevity risk, currency risk and market investment
risk.
The following description focuses mainly on plans registered in U.K., Germany and France.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                             89 32
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.       Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

U.K.
In U.K., the Company has three defined benefit pension plans, CMG U.K. Pension Scheme, Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance
Scheme and Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan.
The CMG U.K. Pension Scheme is closed to new members and is closed to further accrual of rights for existing members. The
Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme is still open but only for employees who come from the civil service with protected
pensions. Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan was created to mirror the Electricity Industry pension scheme and was created
for employees that worked for National Grid and Welsh Water with protected benefits.
Both the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme and Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan are employer and employee
based contribution plans.
The trustees are the custodians of the defined benefit pension plans and are responsible for the plan administration, including
investment strategies. The trustees review periodically the investment and the asset allocation policies. As such, CMG U.K.
Pension Scheme policy is to target an allocation of 35% to return-seeking assets such as equities and 65% towards a mixture of
assets such as bonds and liability-driven investments such as investment funds; Logica Defined Benefit Pension plan policy is
to invest 25% of the Plan’s assets in equities and 75% in bonds; Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme target is to invest
20% of the Scheme’s assets in equities and 80% in bonds.
U.K. Pensions Act 2004 requires that full formal actuarial valuations are carried out at least every three years to determine the
contributions that the Company should pay in order for the plan to meet its statutory objective, taking into account the assets
already held. In the interim years, the trustees need to obtain estimated funding updates unless the scheme has less than 100
members in total.
The latest funding actuarial valuations of the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme as well as the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance
Scheme are being performed as at September 2015 and the results are expected to be available by the end of the 2016 calendar
year. In the meantime, the Company continues to contribute to the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme in line with the last funding actuarial
valuation, the quarterly payments of $3,645,000 to cover the deficit and approximately $405,000 to cover administration expenses.
The latest funding actuarial valuation for the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan was performed in June 2014 and reported a
deficit of $3,645,000. To eliminate this funding shortfall, the Company will contribute the monthly payments of $122,000 for a
period of 18 months and $12,000 to cover administration expenses. During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company
contributed in line with the previous actuarial valuation monthly payments of $113,000 to cover the deficit and approximately
$11,000 to cover administration expenses.

Germany
In Germany, the Company has numerous defined benefit pension plans which are all closed to new members. In the majority of
the plans, upon retirement of employees, the benefits are in the form of a monthly pension and in a few plans, the employees
will receive an indemnity in the form of a lump-sum payment. About half of the plans are bound by the former works council
agreements. There are no mandatory funding requirements. The plans are funded by the contributions made by the Company.
In some plans, insurance policies are taken out to fund retirement benefit plans. These do not qualify as plan assets and are
presented as reimbursement rights.

France
In France, the retirement indemnities are provided in accordance with the Labor Code. Upon retirement, employees will receive
an indemnity (depending on the salary and seniority in the Company) in the form of a lump-sum payment.




90
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                            33
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.       Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The following table presents amounts for post-employment benefits plans included in the consolidated balance sheets:


 As at September 30, 2015                                        U.K.           Germany               France         Other       Total
                                                                    $                   $                  $             $           $
 Defined benefit obligations                                (753,583)            (82,380)            (49,603)      (48,727)   (934,293)
 Fair value of plan assets                                   726,224              12,046                  —        15,056     753,326
                                                             (27,359)            (70,334)            (49,603)      (33,671)   (180,967)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                                —              23,074                  —         1,151      24,225
 Net liability recognized in the balance sheet               (27,359)            (47,260)            (49,603)      (32,520)   (156,742)

 Presented as:
 Other long-term assets (Note 10)

   Insurance contracts held to fund defined
     benefit pension and life assurance
     arrangements - reimbursement rights                           —              23,074                  —         1,151      24,225

   Retirement benefits assets                                  9,096                   —                  —             —        9,096
 Retirement benefits obligations                             (36,455)            (70,334)            (49,603)      (33,671)   (190,063)
                                                             (27,359)            (47,260)            (49,603)      (32,520)   (156,742)




 As at September 30, 2014                                        U.K.            Germany              France         Other        Total
                                                                    $                   $                  $             $           $
 Defined benefit obligations                                (643,857)            (78,035)            (42,540)      (49,370)   (813,802)
 Fair value of plan assets                                   601,313              11,582                  —        25,891     638,786
                                                             (42,544)            (66,453)            (42,540)      (23,479)   (175,016)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                                —              21,418                  —           997      22,415
 Net liability recognized in the balance sheet               (42,544)            (45,035)            (42,540)      (22,482)   (152,601)

 Presented as:
 Other long-term assets (Note 10)
   Insurance contracts held to fund defined
     benefit pension and life assurance
     arrangements - reimbursement rights                           —              21,418                  —           997      22,415
   Retirement benefits assets                                  8,737                   —                  —             —        8,737
 Retirement benefits obligations                             (51,281)            (66,453)            (42,540)      (23,479)   (183,753)
                                                             (42,544)            (45,035)            (42,540)      (22,482)   (152,601)




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                               91 34
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.          Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)


    Defined benefit obligations                                    U.K.           Germany            France      Other       Total
                                                                      $                   $               $          $          $

    As at September 30, 2014                                   643,857              78,035           42,540    49,370     813,802
    Obligations extinguished on settlement                           —                   —               —     (15,201)   (15,201)
    Settlement gain                                                  —                   —               —      (1,819)    (1,819)
    Current service cost                                          1,102                938            3,253     3,303       8,596
    Interest cost                                               25,883               1,936            1,005     1,875      30,699
    Actuarial losses (gains) due to change in
     financial assumptions1                                     14,421               1,206           (2,884)    4,134      16,877
    Actuarial losses due to change in demographic
     assumptions1                                                 5,496                  —            4,556     1,568      11,620
    Actuarial losses (gains) due to experience1                   2,120              (2,328)           (928)    1,171          35
    Past service cost                                                —                   —             (343)     (103)       (446)
    Plan participant contributions                                  196                  —               —        143        339
    Benefits paid from the plan                                 (15,380)               (448)             —       (925)    (16,753)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                               —               (1,732)           (152)    (1,647)    (3,531)
                                              1
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                     75,888               4,773            2,556     6,858      90,075
    As at September 30, 2015                                   753,583              82,380           49,603    48,727     934,293
    Defined benefit obligation of unfunded plans                     —                   —           49,603    26,891      76,494
    Defined benefit obligation of funded plans                 753,583              82,380               —     21,836     857,799
    As at September 30, 2015                                   753,583              82,380           49,603    48,727     934,293
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




92
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                              35
                                                                                                               FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.           Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

    Defined benefit obligations                                     U.K.           Germany           France          Other         Total
                                                                      $                   $               $              $            $
    As at September 30, 2013                                   521,505              64,655           29,970       434,783     1,050,913
    Obligations extinguished on settlement                           —                   —               —        (383,816)    (383,816)
    Settlement gain                                                  —                   —               —          (8,449)      (8,449)
    Current service cost                                          1,103                864            2,805          2,998        7,770
    Interest cost                                               24,495               2,336            1,099          2,541      30,471
    Actuarial losses due to change in financial
     assumptions1                                               42,766              11,491            6,929          3,304      64,490
    Actuarial gains due to change in demographic
     assumptions1                                                    —                   —               —             (48)         (48)
    Actuarial losses (gains) due to experience1                 16,531                 (194)          2,211         (1,117)     17,431
    Past service cost                                                —                   —             (128)            —          (128)
    Plan participant contributions                                  228                  52              —            245          525
    Benefits paid from the plan                                (11,789)                (403)             —          (2,147)     (14,339)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                               —               (1,427)           (495)          (974)      (2,896)
                                              1
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                     49,018                  661            149           2,050      51,878
    As at September 30, 2014                                   643,857              78,035           42,540        49,370      813,802
    Defined benefit obligation of unfunded plans                     —                   —           42,540        18,736       61,276
    Defined benefit obligation of funded plans                 643,857              78,035               —         30,634      752,526
    As at September 30, 2014                                   643,857              78,035           42,540        49,370      813,802
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.



Settlement
During the year ended September 30, 2014, the defined benefit pension plan Stichting Pensioenfonds CMG in Netherlands was
settled as the Company signed an agreement with an insurance company to cover residual benefits and was no longer exposed
to risks in respect of this plan. The obligations and assets extinguished on settlement amounted to $366,311,000.
In Norway, a defined benefit plan was terminated and replaced by a defined contribution plan in 2014. The plan settled when
each member received an individual insurance paid up policy. The obligations and assets extinguished on settlement amounted
to $17,505,000 and the Company recorded a settlement gain of $8,449,000.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                93 36
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.          Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                           U.K.           Germany            France   Other            Total
                                                                      $                   $              $            $            $
    As at September 30, 2014                                   601,313              33,000              —      26,888       661,201
    Assets distributed on settlement                                 —                   —              —      (15,201)      (15,201)
    Interest income on plan assets                              24,287                  818             —        1,204       26,309
    Employer contributions                                      17,975               2,191             152       1,863       22,181
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                 27,586                   84             —         376        28,046
    Plan participants contributions                                 196                  —              —         143           339
    Benefits paid from the plan                                 (15,380)             (1,154)            —         (925)      (17,459)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                               —               (1,732)          (152)     (1,214)       (3,098)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                   (2,161)                 —              —             (6)     (2,167)
                                              1
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                     72,408               1,913              —        3,079       77,400
    As at September 30, 2015                                   726,224              35,120              —      16,207       777,551
    Plan assets                                                726,224              12,046              —      15,056       753,326
    Reimbursement rights                                             —              23,074              —        1,151       24,225
    As at September 30, 2015                                   726,224              35,120              —      16,207       777,551




    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                            U.K.           Germany           France      Other          Total
                                                                      $                   $              $            $            $
    As at September 30, 2013                                   491,717              30,773              —     405,359       927,849
    Assets distributed on settlement                                 —                   —              —     (383,816)     (383,816)
    Interest income on plan assets                              23,430               1,123              —        1,635       26,188
    Employer contributions                                      17,396               2,031             495       4,251       24,173
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                 35,646                  597             —         (521)      35,722
    Plan participants contributions                                 228                  52             —         245           525
    Benefits paid from the plan                                 (11,789)               (403)            —       (2,147)      (14,339)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                               —               (1,427)          (495)       (457)       (2,379)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                   (1,566)                 —              —             (6)     (1,572)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                    46,251                  254             —        2,345       48,850
    As at September 30, 2014                                   601,313              33,000              —      26,888       661,201
    Plan assets                                                601,313              11,582              —      25,891       638,786
    Reimbursement rights                                             —              21,418              —         997        22,415
    As at September 30, 2014                                   601,313              33,000              —      26,888       661,201
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




94
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                37
                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.          Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The plan assets at the end of the year consist of:

    As at September 30, 2015                                             U.K.            Germany                France                Other                  Total
                                                                            $                    $                    $                     $                    $
    Quoted equities                                                  180,891                   —                     —                     —             180,891
    Quoted bonds                                                     331,677                   —                     —                    141            331,818
    Property                                                          37,740                   —                     —                   —                37,740
    Cash                                                              43,490                   —                     —                   10               43,500
    Other1                                                           132,426               12,046                    —               14,905              159,377
                                                                     726,224               12,046                    —               15,056              753,326


    As at September 30, 2014                                             U.K.            Germany                France                 Other                  Total
                                                                            $                    $                    $                     $                    $
    Quoted equities                                                  216,044                   —                     —                  190              216,234
    Quoted bonds                                                     352,305                   —                     —                9,543              361,848
    Property                                                          29,897                   —                     —                1,371               31,268
    Cash                                                               3,067                   —                     —                  215                3,282
    Other1                                                                —                11,582                    —               14,572               26,154
                                                                     601,313               11,582                    —               25,891              638,786
1
     Other is mainly composed of various insurance policies and quoted investment funds to cover some of the defined benefit obligations.


Plan assets do not include any ordinary shares of the Company, property occupied by the Company or any other assets used by
the Company.
The following table summarizes the expense1 recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings:

                                                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                  2015                        2014
                                                                                                                                      $                          $
    Current service cost                                                                                                         8,596                      7,770
    Settlement gain                                                                                                            (1,819)                     (8,449)
    Past service cost                                                                                                            (446)                       (128)
    Net interest on net defined benefit liability or asset                                                                      4,390                       4,283
    Administration expenses                                                                                                     2,167                       1,572
                                                                                                                               12,888                       5,048
1
     The expense was presented as costs of services, selling and administrative for an amount of $6,331,000 and as finance costs for an amount of $6,557,000
     (presented as a recovery of costs of services, selling and administrative for an amount of $807,000 and finance costs for an amount of $5,855,000, for the year
     ended September 30, 2014).




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                           95  38
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.       Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
Actuarial assumptions
The following are the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date (expressed as weighted averages). The assumed
discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality all have a significant effect on the accounting
valuation.

 As at September 30, 2015                                                             U.K.           Germany   France                  Other
                                                                                        %                 %        %                      %


 Discount rate                                                                       3.78               2.40     2.40                   4.93
 Future salary increases                                                             3.27               2.50     3.14                   4.66
 Future pension increases                                                            3.21               2.00       —                      —
 Inflation                                                                           3.27               2.00     2.00                   3.29

 As at September 30, 2014                                                             U.K.           Germany   France                  Other
                                                                                        %                 %        %                      %


 Discount rate                                                                       3.85               2.50     2.50                   4.20
 Future salary increases                                                             3.25               2.50     4.05                   5.50
 Future pension increases                                                            3.10               1.80       —                      —
 Inflation                                                                           3.25               2.00     2.00                   2.90



The average longevity over 65 of a member presently at age 45 and 65 are as follows:

 As at September 30, 2015                                                                                        U.K.                Germany
                                                                                                                        (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current members
    Males                                                                                                        22.4                   19.0
    Females                                                                                                      24.4                   23.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current members
    Males                                                                                                        24.1                   22.0
    Females                                                                                                      26.3                   26.0


 As at September 30, 2014                                                                                        U.K.                Germany
                                                                                                                        (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current members
    Males                                                                                                        22.4                   19.0
    Females                                                                                                      23.8                   23.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current members
    Males                                                                                                        24.4                   22.0
    Females                                                                                                      25.9                   25.4




96
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                        39
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.       Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
Actuarial assumptions (continued)
Assumptions regarding future mortality are set based on actuarial advice in accordance with published statistics and experience
in each country. Mortality assumptions for the most significant countries are based on the following post-retirement mortality tables
for the year ended September 30, 2015: (1) U.K.: 100% S2PxA (year of birth) plus CMI_2014 projections with 1.25% p.a. minimum
long term improvement rate, (2) Germany: Heubeck RT2005G (3) and France: INSEE TVTD 2008-2010.
The following table shows the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the principal actuarial assumptions:

 As at September 30, 2015                                                                               U.K.        Germany                  France
                                                                                                             $              $                       $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                              (32,458)        (2,832)                 (2,154)
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                               34,580          2,990                   2,275
 Salary increase of 0.25%                                                                                759             58                   2,274
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                              (747)            (57)                 (2,163)
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                           14,804           1,452                      —
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                           (14,089)        (1,390)                     —
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation                                                                       25,155          1,452                   2,274
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation                                                                      (23,829)        (1,390)                 (2,163)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                              17,627          2,145                     395
 Decrease of one year in life expectancy                                                             (17,656)        (1,927)                   (426)


 As at September 30, 2014                                                                               U.K.        Germany                  France
                                                                                                         $              $                       $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                              (28,480)        (2,757)                 (1,849)
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                               30,292          2,913                   1,952
 Salary increase of 0.25%                                                                                931            642                   1,999
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                               (913)          (568)                 (1,900)
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                             8,759          1,120                      —
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                           (9,248)         (1,081)                     —
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation                                                                      22,873           1,152                   1,999
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation                                                                      (21,707)        (1,098)                 (1,900)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                              15,039          2,482                     250
 Decrease of one year in life expectancy                                                             (15,124)        (2,517)                   (264)

The sensitivity analysis above have been based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the defined benefit obligation as a
result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the year.
The weighted average durations of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                       2015                   2014
                                                                                                                                (in years)


 U.K.                                                                                                                   19                      19
 Germany                                                                                                                15                      15
 France                                                                                                                 18                      18
 Other                                                                                                                  14                      14




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                            97 40
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.       Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The Company expects to contribute $23,524,000 to defined benefit plans during the next year, of which $19,383,000 relates to
the U.K. plans, and $4,141,000 relating to the other plans. The contributions will include new benefit accruals and deficit recovery
payments.

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
The Company also operates defined contribution retirement plans. In some countries, contributions are made into state pension
plans. The pension cost for defined contribution plans amounted to $211,405,000 in 2015 ($217,980,000 in 2014).
In addition, in Sweden the Company contributes to a multi-employer plan, Alecta SE pension plan, which is a defined benefit
pension plan. This pension plan is classified as a defined contribution plan as sufficient information is not available to use defined
benefit accounting. Alecta lacks the possibility of establishing an exact distribution of assets and provisions to the respective
employers. The Company’s proportion of the total contributions to the plan is 0.71% and the Company’s proportion of the total
number of active members in the plan is 0.61%.
Alecta uses a collective funding ratio to determine the surplus or deficit in the pension plan. Any surplus or deficit in the plan will
affect the amount of future contributions payable. The collective funding is the difference between Alecta’s assets and the
commitments to the policy holders and insured individuals. The collective solvency is normally allowed to vary between 125%
and 155%, with the target being 140%. At September 30, 2015, Alecta’s collective funding ratio was 148% (146% in 2014). The
plan expense was $38,052,000 in 2015 ($45,044,000 in 2014). The Company expects to contribute $36,012,000 to the plan
during the next year.
OTHER BENEFIT PLANS
The Company maintains deferred compensation plans covering some of its U.S. and Germany management as well as long
service leave plans for its Australia employees. Some of the plans include assets that will be used to fund the liabilities. As at
September 30, 2015, the deferred compensation liability totaled $40,940,000 ($34,620,000 as at September 30, 2014) and the
deferred compensation assets totaled $38,238,000 ($31,151,000 as at September 30, 2014).
For the deferred compensation plan in U.S., a trust was established so that the plan assets could be segregated; however, the
assets are subject to the Company’s general creditors in the case of bankruptcy. The assets composed of investments vary with
employees’ contributions and changes in the value of the investments. The change in liabilities associated with the plan is equal
to the change of the assets. The assets in the trust and the associated liabilities totaled $37,439,000 as at September 30, 2015
($31,151,000 as at September 30, 2014).
The deferred compensation plans assets and liabilities are presented in long-term financial assets and other long-term liabilities,
respectively.




98
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                  41
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


18.       Accumulated other comprehensive income


                                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                                     September 30, 2015   September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                     $                     $
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
  Net unrealized gains on translating financial statements of foreign operations, net of
   accumulated income tax expense of $72,873 as at September 30, 2015 ($31,986 as at
   September 30, 2014)                                                                                       1,111,339              511,689
  Net losses on derivative financial instruments and on translating long-term debt
   designated as hedges of net investments in foreign operations, net of accumulated
   income tax recovery of $75,316 as at September 30, 2015 ($37,024 as at September
   30, 2014)                                                                                                  (485,245)            (238,583)
  Net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net of accumulated income tax expense of
   $13,732 as at September 30, 2015 ($2,162 as at September 30, 2014)                                           32,228               14,520
  Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale investments, net of accumulated income tax
   expense of $925 as at September 30, 2015 ($942 as at September 30, 2014)                                      2,718                 2,576

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
   Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans, net of accumulated income tax
    recovery of $19,820 as at September 30, 2015 ($18,728 as at September 30, 2014)                            (62,814)             (61,578)
                                                                                                               598,226              228,624

For the year ended September 30, 2015, $9,092,000 of the net unrealized gains previously recognized in other comprehensive
income, net of income tax expense of $4,101,000, were reclassified to net earnings for derivative financial instruments designated
as cash flow hedges ($22,000 of the net unrealized gains net of income tax expense of $133,000 for the year ended September
30, 2014).




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                     99  42
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19.          Capital stock
Authorized, an unlimited number without par value:
First preferred shares, carrying one vote per share, ranking prior to second preferred shares, Class A subordinate shares and
Class B shares with respect to the payment of dividends;
Second preferred shares, non-voting, ranking prior to Class A subordinate shares and Class B shares with respect to the payment
of dividends;
Class A subordinate shares, carrying one vote per share, participating equally with Class B shares with respect to the payment
of dividends and convertible into Class B shares under certain conditions in the event of certain takeover bids on Class B shares;
Class B shares, carrying ten votes per share, participating equally with Class A subordinate shares with respect to the payment
of dividends and convertible at any time at the option of the holder into Class A subordinate shares.
For 2015 and 2014, the Class A subordinate and the Class B shares varied as follows:


                                                         Class A subordinate shares                          Class B shares                                    Total

                                                           Number      Carrying value            Number      Carrying value             Number       Carrying value
                                                                                      $                                     $                                      $
    As at September 30, 2013                         277,149,380            2,194,075        33,272,767              46,419       310,422,147            2,240,494
    Issued upon exercise of stock options1             4,999,544               83,305                  —                  —         4,999,544               83,305
    PSUs exercised2                                           —                   583                  —                  —                 —                  583
    Repurchased and cancelled3                        (2,837,360)             (56,077)                 —                  —         (2,837,360)             (56,077)
    Purchased and held in trust4                              —               (23,016)               —                   —                 —               (23,016)
    Resale of shares held in trust4                           —                   908                —                   —                 —                   908
    As at September 30, 2014                         279,311,564            2,199,778        33,272,767              46,419       312,584,331            2,246,197
    Issued upon exercise of stock options1             3,187,455               67,028                  —                  —         3,187,455               67,028
    PSUs exercised2                                           —                 8,668                  —                  —                 —                8,668
    Repurchased and cancelled3                        (6,725,735)             (54,918)                 —                  —         (6,725,735)             (54,918)
    Repurchased and not cancelled3                            —                (1,631)               —                   —                 —                 (1,631)
    Purchased and held in trust4                              —               (11,099)               —                   —                 —               (11,099)
    As at September 30, 2015                         275,773,284            2,207,826        33,272,767              46,419       309,046,051            2,254,245
1
     The carrying value of Class A subordinate shares includes $13,474,000 ($18,380,000 in 2014), which corresponds to a reduction in contributed surplus representing
     the value of accumulated compensation costs associated with the stock options exercised during the year.
2
     During the year ended September 30, 2015, 316,857 PSUs were exercised (22,858 during the year ended September 30, 2014) with a recorded average fair value
     of $8,668,000 ($583,000 as at September 30, 2014) that was removed from contributed surplus. As at September 30, 2015, 1,719,827 Class A subordinate shares
     were held in trust under the PSU plan (1,748,149 as at September 30, 2014) (Note 20b).
3
     On January 28, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the renewal of a Normal Course Bid (“NCIB”) for the purchase of up to 19,052,207 Class A
     subordinate shares for cancellation on the open market through the TSX. The Class A subordinate shares are available for purchase commencing February 11,
     2015, until no later than February 10, 2016, or on such earlier date when the Company completes its purchases or elects to terminate the NCIB.
     During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company repurchased 6,925,735 Class A subordinate shares under the current NCIB for consideration of
     $332,535,000 and the excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $275,986,000 was charged to retained earnings. As at September
     30, 2015, 200,000 of the repurchased Class A subordinate shares with a carrying value of $1,631,000 and a purchase value of $9,466,000 were held by the
     Company and had been cancelled and paid subsequent to year-end (nil as at September 30, 2014).
     During the year ended September 30, 2014, the Company repurchased 2,490,660 Class A subordinate shares from the Caisse de dépôt et de placement du
     Québec for cash consideration of $100,000,000. The excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $46,675,000 was charged to retained
     earnings. In accordance with the requirements of TSX, the repurchased shares have been taken into account in calculating the annual aggregate limit that the
     Company was entitled to repurchase under the previous NCIB. In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2014, the Company repurchased 346,700 Class
     A subordinate shares under the previous NCIB for cash consideration of $11,468,000 and the excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount
     of $8,716,000 was charged to retained earnings.
4
     The trustee, in accordance with the terms of the PSU plan and a Trust Agreement, purchased 288,535 Class A subordinate shares of the Company on the open
     market for cash consideration of $11,099,000 during the year ended September 30, 2015 (619,888 Class A subordinate shares for $23,016,000 during the year
     ended September 30, 2014).
     During the year ended September 30, 2015, the trustee did not sell any Class A subordinate shares that were held in trust. During the year ended September 30,
     2014, the trustee sold on the open market 35,576 Class A subordinate shares that were held in trust. The excess of proceeds over the carrying value of the Class
     A subordinate shares, in the amount of $482,000, resulted in an increase of contributed surplus.




100
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                                 43
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20.       Share-based payments
a)    Stock options
Under the Company’s stock option plan, the Board of Directors may grant, at its discretion, stock options to purchase Class A
subordinate shares to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price is
established by the Board of Directors and is equal to the closing price of the Class A subordinate shares on the TSX on the day
preceding the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest over four years from the date of grant conditionally upon achievement
of objectives and must be exercised within a ten-year period, except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or
death. As at September 30, 2015, 40,428,628 Class A subordinate shares have been reserved for issuance under the stock option
plan.
The following table presents information concerning all outstanding stock options granted by the Company:

                                                                                                       2015                                         2014
                                                                                                  Weighted                                      Weighted
                                                                                          average exercise                              average exercise
                                                                 Number of options          price per share     Number of options         price per share
                                                                                                          $                                             $
 Outstanding, beginning of year                                         19,728,106                    22.88            20,209,569                  16.45
 Granted                                                                 7,061,519                    44.20             5,973,451                  37.15
 Exercised                                                              (3,187,455)                   16.80            (4,999,544)                 12.99
 Forfeited                                                              (2,972,778)                   35.85            (1,438,920)                 26.45
 Expired                                                                        —                        —                (16,450)                  7.85
 Outstanding, end of year                                               20,629,392                    29.23            19,728,106                  22.88
 Exercisable, end of year                                               10,612,717                    18.55             8,890,504                  14.13

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised in 2015 was $46.48 ($37.78 in 2014).

The following table summarizes information about outstanding stock options granted by the Company as at September 30, 2015:

                                                                                                Options outstanding                  Options exercisable

                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                          average
                                                                                        remaining         Weighted                        Weighted
                                                     Range of         Number of    contractual life         average         Number of       average
                                                exercise price          options            (years)    exercise price          options exercise price
                                                             $                                                    $                                     $
                                                 7.72 to 8.55           265,918               0.85             7.95           265,918               7.95
                                                9.05 to 10.05         1,475,235               3.01             9.31         1,475,235               9.31
                                               10.11 to 11.95           346,363               2.07            11.35           346,363              11.35
                                               12.54 to 14.41         1,858,765               4.00            12.56         1,858,765              12.56
                                               14.48 to 16.63         2,033,612               5.00            15.48         2,033,612              15.48
                                               19.28 to 22.52           674,422               6.00            19.76           674,422              19.76
                                               23.65 to 32.57         4,061,989               7.22            23.89         2,891,610              23.89
                                               34.68 to 38.79         2,986,864               8.39            37.25         1,037,193              36.97
                                               39.47 to 56.69         6,926,224               9.60            44.29            29,599              51.32
                                                                     20,629,392               7.17            29.23        10,612,717              18.55




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                               101   44
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20.           Share-based payments (continued)
a)      Stock options (continued)
The fair value of stock options granted in the year and the weighted average assumptions used in the calculation of their fair
value on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model were as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                               2015                 2014
    Grant date fair value ($)                                                                                                                  9.38                 7.98
    Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                                         0.00                 0.00
    Expected volatility (%)1                                                                                                                  24.90                23.92
    Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                                                0.98                 1.53
    Expected life (years)                                                                                                                      4.00                 4.00
    Exercise price ($)                                                                                                                        44.20                37.15
    Share price ($)                                                                                                                           44.20                37.15

1
     Expected volatility was determined using statistical formulas and based on the weekly historical average of closing daily share prices over the period of the expected
     life of stock option.


b)      Performance share units
Under the PSU plan, the Board of Directors may grant PSUs to senior executives and other key employees (“participants”) which
entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate share for each PSU. The vesting performance conditions are determined by the
Board of Directors at the time of each grant. PSUs expire on the business day preceding December 31 of the third calendar year
following the end of the fiscal year during which the PSU award was made, except in the event of retirement, termination of
employment or death. Granted PSUs vest annually over a period of four years from the date of grant conditionally upon achievement
of objectives.
Class A subordinate shares purchased in connection with the PSU plan are held in trust for the benefit of the participants. The
trust, considered as a structured entity, is consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements with the cost of the
purchased shares recorded as a reduction of capital stock (Note 19).
The following table presents information concerning the number of outstanding PSUs granted by the Company:

    Outstanding as at September 30, 2013                                                                                                                      1,186,695
    Granted1                                                                                                                                                    619,888
    Exercised                                                                                                                                                   (22,858)
    Forfeited                                                                                                                                                   (35,576)
    Outstanding as at September 30, 2014                                                                                                                      1,748,149
    Granted1                                                                                                                                                    530,000
    Exercised                                                                                                                                                  (316,857)
    Forfeited                                                                                                                                                  (241,465)
    Outstanding as at September 30, 2015                                                                                                                      1,719,827

1
     The PSUs granted in 2015 had a grant date fair value of $37.84 per unit ($36.15 in 2014).




102
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                                      45
                                                                                                                             FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20.          Share-based payments (continued)
c)     Share purchase plan
Under the Share purchase plan, the Company contributes an amount equal to a percentage of the employee's basic contribution,
up to a maximum of 3.5%. An employee may make additional contributions in excess of the basic contribution however the
Company does not match contributions in the case of such additional contributions. The employee and Company contributions
are remitted to an independent plan administrator who purchases Class A subordinate shares on the open market on behalf of
the employee through either the TSX or New York Stock Exchange.

d)     Deferred share unit plan
External members of the Board of Directors (“participants”) are entitled to receive part or their entire retainer fee in DSUs. DSUs
are granted with immediate vesting and must be exercised no later than December 15 of the calendar year immediately following
the calendar year during which the participant ceases to act as a Director. Each DSU entitles the holder to receive a cash payment
equal to the closing price of Class A subordinate shares on the TSX on the payment date. As at September 30, 2015, the number
of outstanding DSUs was 124,354 (144,020 DSUs as at September 30, 2014).

e)     Share-based payment costs
The share-based payment expense recorded in costs of services, selling and administrative expenses is as follows:

                                                                                                                                        Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                           2015               2014
                                                                                                                                               $                  $
    Stock options                                                                                                                       17,027             18,383
    PSUs                                                                                                                                13,387             13,333
    Share purchase plan                                                                                                                 78,342             69,500
    DSUs                                                                                                                                 2,307              1,109
                                                                                                                                       111,063            102,325



21.          Earnings per share
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                              2015                                                            2014


                                                            Weighted average                                                 Weighted average
                                                            number of shares          Earnings per                           number of shares          Earnings per
                                     Net earnings               outstanding1                 share Net earnings                   outstanding1               share
                                                 $                                                $              $                                                $
    Basic                                977,556                 311,477,555                   3.14      859,443                 308,743,126                   2.78
    Net effect of dilutive stock
     options and PSUs2                                              9,944,889                                                      10,184,611
                                         977,556                 321,422,444                   3.04      859,443                 318,927,737                   2.69

1
     The 6,925,735 Class A subordinate shares repurchased and 1,719,827 Class A subordinate shares held in trust during the year ended September 30, 2015
     (2,837,360 and 1,748,149, respectively, during year ended September 30, 2014), were excluded from the calculation of weighted average number of shares
     outstanding as of the date of transaction.
2
     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share excluded 3,801,637 stock options for the year ended September 30, 2015 (5,648,757 for the year ended September
     30, 2014), as they were anti-dilutive.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                         103    46
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


22.          Construction contracts in progress
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the arrangements
can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service periods. The Company
primarily uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress towards completion. If the outcome of an arrangement cannot
be estimated reliably, revenue is recognized to the extent of arrangement costs incurred that are likely to be recoverable.
Amounts recognized as revenue in excess of billings are classified as work in progress. Amounts received in advance of the
delivery of products or performances of services are classified as deferred revenue.
The status of the Company’s construction contracts still in progress at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                                            As at                       As at
                                                                                                               September 30, 2015         September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                                  $                         $
    Recognized as:
    Revenue in the respective year                                                                                      1,416,488                 1,575,593
    Recognized as:
    Amounts due from customers under construction contracts1                                                              351,246                    289,838
    Amounts due to customers under construction contracts                                                                 (90,973)                  (153,962)

1
     As at September 30, 2015, retentions held by customers for contract work in progress amounted to $65,989,000 ($50,425,000 as at September 30, 2014).



23.          Costs of services, selling and administrative

                                                                                                                                     Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                              2015                      2014
                                                                                                                                 $                          $
    Salaries and other member costs1                                                                                    6,050,985                 6,215,991
    Professional fees and other contracted labour                                                                       1,220,994                 1,260,955
    Hardware, software and data center related costs                                                                      708,206                   786,360
    Property costs                                                                                                        390,728                   398,560
    Amortization and depreciation (Note 24)                                                                               418,011                   435,775
    Other operating expenses                                                                                               30,131                     32,150
                                                                                                                        8,819,055                  9,129,791
1
     Net of tax credits of $113,416,000 in 2015 ($121,114,000 in 2014).




104
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                          47
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


24.          Amortization and depreciation

                                                                                                                Year ended September 30
                                                                                                              2015                2014
                                                                                                                 $                   $
    Depreciation of PP&E1                                                                                  173,666             186,886
    Amortization of intangible assets                                                                      186,306             192,692
    Impairment of intangible assets                                                                          5,289                  —
    Amortization of contract costs related to transition costs                                              52,750              56,197
    Included in costs of services, selling and administrative (Note 23)                                    418,011             435,775

    Amortization of contract costs related to incentives (presented as a reduction of revenue)               3,327               5,889
    Amortization of deferred financing fees (presented in finance costs)                                     1,188               1,185
    Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments related to funds held for clients
     (presented net as a reduction of revenue)                                                               1,518               1,383
                                                                                                           424,044             444,232
1
     Depreciation of PP&E acquired under finance leases was $16,895,000 in 2015 ($23,822,000 in 2014).

Amortization includes impairment for a total amount of $5,289,000 related to a business solution that was no longer expected to
generate future economic benefits, and is included in the U.S. segment.


25.          Net finance costs

                                                                                                                Year ended September 30
                                                                                                              2015                2014
                                                                                                                 $                    $
    Interest on long-term debt                                                                             86,252               92,581
    Net interest cost on the net defined benefit plans (Note 17)                                            6,557                5,855
    Other finance costs                                                                                       766                2,842
    Finance costs                                                                                          93,575              101,278
    Finance income                                                                                           (718)              (2,010)
                                                                                                           92,857               99,268



26.          Investments in subsidiaries
a)     Acquisitions and disposals
There were no significant acquisitions or disposals for the year ended September 30, 2015 and 2014.

b)     Integration-related costs
During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company paid in total $74,363,000 related to the integration of Logica plc (“Logica”)
($162,535,000 during the year ended September 30, 2014).
During the year ended September 30, 2014, the Company expensed $127,341,000 of the previously announced program of
$551,500,000. This amount included net integration costs for the termination of employees to transform the operations of Logica
to the Company’s operating model of $94,273,000 (Note 13), costs related to onerous leases of $1,503,000 (Note 13) and other
integration costs of $31,565,000.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                             105   48
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27.       Supplementary cash flow information
a) Net change in non-cash working capital items is as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                          2015             2014
                                                                                                             $                $
 Accounts receivable                                                                                    23,335         205,945
 Work in progress                                                                                       23,553         161,270
 Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                      39,157           42,555
 Long-term financial assets                                                                                979           (4,230)
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                              (36,720)        (113,537)
 Accrued compensation                                                                                  (46,399)        (151,573)
 Deferred revenue                                                                                      (72,405)        (158,026)
 Provisions                                                                                            (63,385)        (132,735)
 Long-term liabilities                                                                                 (57,665)         (65,840)
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                                           444          (17,181)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                         (919)            (650)
 Income taxes                                                                                          (11,716)           1,335
                                                                                                      (201,741)        (232,667)


b) Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities related to operations are as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                          2015             2014
                                                                                                             $                $
 Operating activities
  Accounts receivable                                                                                      (67)            (199)
  Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                         —            (3,792)
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                              17,774               —
                                                                                                        17,707           (3,991)
 Investing activities
   Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                           (20,044)         (12,878)
   Additions of intangible assets                                                                      (13,720)          (1,074)
   Additions of long-term financial assets                                                              (5,608)          (7,788)
                                                                                                       (39,372)         (21,740)
 Financing activities
   Increase in obligations under finance leases                                                         20,336           24,458
  Increase in obligations other than finance leases                                                     10,728            1,074
  Issuance of shares                                                                                        67              199
  Repurchase of Class A subordinate shares (Note 19)                                                    (9,466)              —
                                                                                                        21,665           25,731


c) Interest paid and received and income taxes paid are classified within operating activities and are as follows for the years
ended September 30:

                                                                                                          2015             2014
                                                                                                             $                $
 Interest paid                                                                                          88,894         103,127
 Interest received                                                                                         273             903
 Income taxes paid                                                                                     289,405         182,531




106
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                           49
                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


28.          Segmented information
The following tables present information on the Company's operations based on its current management structure (Note 12).
The Company has retrospectively revised the segmented information for the comparative periods to conform to the segmented
information structure in effect as of July 1, 2015:

                                                                                                                            Year ended September 30, 2015


                                                  U.S.      Nordics        Canada         France           U.K.           ECS    Asia Pacific          Total
                                                     $             $             $              $             $              $             $               $

    Segment revenue                        2,813,127     1,638,985      1,533,719     1,283,387      1,331,287     1,211,228        475,363     10,287,096
    Earnings before restructuring
     costs, net finance costs and
     income tax expense1                     454,325       153,841        343,692       146,615        163,603       118,141         77,091      1,457,308
    Restructuring costs                                                                                                                             (35,903)
    Net finance costs                                                                                                                              (92,857)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                 1,328,548
1
     Total amortization and depreciation of $422,856,000 included in the in U.S., Nordics, Canada, France, U.K., ECS and Asia Pacific operating segments was
     $115,367,000, $66,910,000, $69,152,000, $31,933,000, $71,888,000, $42,722,000 and $24,884,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2015.



                                                                                                                             Year ended September 30, 2014


                                                  U.S.       Nordics       Canada         France           U.K.           ECS    Asia Pacific          Total
                                                     $             $             $              $             $              $             $               $

    Segment revenue                        2,664,876     1,826,091      1,638,320     1,333,792      1,283,847     1,327,682        425,084     10,499,692
    Earnings before integration-
     related costs, net finance costs
     and income tax expense1                 303,515       164,721        361,136       155,695        164,977       138,656         68,159      1,356,859
    Integration-related costs                                                                                                                     (127,341)
    Net finance costs                                                                                                                              (99,268)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                 1,130,250
1
     Total amortization and depreciation of $443,047,000 included in the U.S., Nordics, Canada, France, U.K., ECS and Asia Pacific operating segments was
     $114,106,000, $70,168,000, $84,403,000, $34,575,000, $75,853,000, $40,939,000 and $23,003,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2014.


The accounting policies of each operating segment are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting
policies (Note 3). Intersegment revenue is priced as if the revenue was from third parties.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                  107   50
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


28.       Segmented information (continued)
GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
The following table provides information for PP&E, contract costs and intangible assets based on their location:

                                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                                     September 30, 2015   September 30, 2014
                                                                                                                     $                     $
   U.S.                                                                                                        304,571              296,587
   Canada                                                                                                      243,838              254,240
   U.K.                                                                                                        267,714              240,455
   France                                                                                                       85,752              101,477
   Sweden                                                                                                       92,823               98,496
   Finland                                                                                                      53,168               58,245
   Germany                                                                                                      53,176               56,958
   Netherlands                                                                                                  35,912               44,454
   Rest of the world                                                                                            94,201              122,582
                                                                                                             1,231,155            1,273,494



The following table provides revenue information based on the client’s location:

                                                                                                                  2015                  2014
                                                                                                                     $                     $
   U.S.                                                                                                      2,985,577            2,803,326
   Canada                                                                                                    1,507,326            1,614,511
   U.K.                                                                                                      1,419,276            1,391,943
   France                                                                                                    1,259,975            1,309,568
   Sweden                                                                                                      847,737              913,110
   Finland                                                                                                     637,564              665,845
   Netherlands                                                                                                 462,616              527,010
   Germany                                                                                                     382,276              384,765
   Rest of the world                                                                                           784,749              889,614
                                                                                                            10,287,096           10,499,692


INFORMATION ABOUT SERVICES
The following table provides revenue information based on services provided by the Company:

                                                                                                                  2015                  2014
                                                                                                                     $                     $
 Outsourcing
  IT Services                                                                                                4,543,278            4,342,370
  BPS                                                                                                        1,042,352            1,118,117
 Systems integration and consulting                                                                          4,701,466            5,039,205
                                                                                                           10,287,096            10,499,692


MAJOR CLIENT INFORMATION
Contracts with the U.S. federal government and its various agencies, included within the U.S. segment, accounted for
$1,437,877,000 (14%) of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2015 ($1,404,093,000 (13.4%) for the year ended September
30, 2014).




108
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                         51
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29.       Related party transactions
a)    Transactions with subsidiaries
Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation. The Company
owns 100% of the equity interests of its principal subsidiaries.
The Company’s principal subsidiaries whose revenues, based on the geographic delivery model, represent more than 3% of the
consolidated revenues are as follows:

 Name of subsidiary                                                                                        Country of incorporation
CGI Technologies and Solutions Inc.                                                                                 United States
CGI Federal Inc.                                                                                                    United States
CGI Suomi Oy                                                                                                              Finland
CGI Sverige AB                                                                                                           Sweden
Conseillers en gestion et informatique CGI Inc.                                                                           Canada
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.                                                                   Canada
CGI France SAS                                                                                                             France
CGI IT UK Limited                                                                                                 United Kingdom
CGI Nederland BV                                                                                                      Netherlands
CGI Deutschland Ltd & Co KG                                                                                             Germany
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Private Limited                                                           India


b)    Compensation of key management personnel
Compensation of key management personnel, defined as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Chief
Operating Officer and the Board of Directors including the President and Chief Executive Officer, was as follows:

                                                                                                         2015                 2014
                                                                                                            $                    $
 Short-term employee benefits                                                                           5,087               4,972
 Share-based payments                                                                                  15,165              15,609




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                         109   52
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30.       Commitments, contingencies and guarantees
a)    Commitments
At September 30, 2015, the Company is committed under the terms of operating leases with various expiration dates up to 2025,
primarily for the rental of premises and computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts, in the aggregate amount of
approximately $1,173,389,000. The future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are due as follows:

                                                                                                                                    $
 Less than one year                                                                                                          305,706
 Between one and two years                                                                                                   258,102
 Between two and five years                                                                                                  462,811
 Beyond five years                                                                                                           146,770

The majority of the lease agreements are renewable at the end of the lease period at market rates. The lease expenditure charged
to the earnings, during the year was $290,713,000 ($306,428,000 in 2014), net of sublease income of $29,256,000 ($26,128,000
in 2014). As at September 30, 2015, the total future minimum sublease payments expected to be received under non-cancellable
sublease were $97,442,000 ($100,745,000 as at September 30, 2014).
The Company entered into long-term service and other agreements representing a total commitment of $170,475,000. Minimum
payments under these agreements are due as follows:

                                                                                                                                    $
 Less than one year                                                                                                            86,629
 Between one and two years                                                                                                     45,504
 Between two and five years                                                                                                    38,342
 Beyond five years                                                                                                                 —



b)    Contingencies
From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, claims and litigation which primarily relate to tax exposure,
contractual disputes and employee claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Certain of these matters seek damages
in significant amounts and will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Although the outcome
of such matters is not predictable with assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current
matter could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations
or the ability to carry on any of its business activities. Claims for which there is a probable unfavourable outcome are recorded
in provisions (Note 13).
In addition, the Company is engaged to provide services under contracts with the U.S. Government. The contracts are subject
to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, agencies of the U.S. Government investigate whether the
Company’s operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. Generally, the Government has the right to
change the scope of, or terminate, these projects at its convenience. The termination or reduction in the scope, of a major
government project could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company.




110
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                 53
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30.       Commitments, contingencies and guarantees (continued)
c)    Guarantees
Sale of assets and business divestitures
In connection with the sale of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs
and losses incurred as the result of breaches in representations and warranties, intellectual property right infringement and
litigation against counterparties. While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential exposure of approximately
$10,373,000 in total, others do not specify a maximum amount or limited period. It is not possible to reasonably estimate the
maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future
contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. No amount has been accrued in the
consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of indemnification as at September 30, 2015. The Company does not expect to
incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially adverse effect on its consolidated
financial statements.
Other transactions
In the normal course of business, the Company may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and
performance bonds. In general, the Company would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if the Company refuses to
perform the project once the bid is awarded. The Company would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of default
in the performance of its obligations. As at September 30, 2015, the Company provided for a total of $52,659,000 of these bonds.
To the best of its knowledge, the Company is in compliance with its performance obligations under all service contracts for which
there is a performance or bid bond, and the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees would not have
a materially adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
Moreover, the Company has letters of credit for a total of $92,678,000 in addition to the letters of credit covered by the unsecured
committed revolving credit facility (Note 14). These guarantees are required in some of the Company’s contracts with customers.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                           111 54
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31.       Financial instruments
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date.
The following table presents financial liabilities measured at amortized cost categorized using the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                      As at September 30, 2015              As at September 30, 2014
                                                               Level        Carrying amount          Fair value   Carrying amount         Fair value
                                                                                            $                $                 $                  $
 Financial liabilities for which fair value is disclosed
   Other liabilities
      Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes                     Level 2            1,765,180          1,839,478        1,476,537          1,528,724
      Unsecured committed term loan credit facility            Level 2              129,222           129,385         1,001,752          1,005,792
      Other long-term debt                                     Level 2               23,437            22,049            22,036             20,276
                                                                                  1,917,839          1,990,912        2,500,325          2,554,792



The following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value categorized using the fair value hierarchy:


                                                              Level                   As at September 30, 2015              As at September 30, 2014
                                                                                                             $                                     $
 Financial assets
   Financial assets at fair value through earnings
      Cash and cash equivalents                               Level 2                                 305,262                              535,715
      Deferred compensation plan assets                       Level 1                                  38,238                               31,151
                                                                                                      343,500                              566,866
  Derivative financial instruments designated as
    hedging instruments
      Current derivative financial instruments                Level 2                                  26,567                                 9,397
      Long-term derivative financial instruments              Level 2                                  30,771                                14,834
                                                                                                       57,338                                24,231
   Available-for-sale
     Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients       Level 2                                 196,964                              198,177
     Long-term investments                                    Level 2                                  42,202                               30,689
                                                                                                      239,166                              228,866
 Financial liabilities
   Derivative financial instruments designated as
     hedging instruments
      Current derivative financial instruments                Level 2                                  28,106                                4,588
      Long-term derivative financial instruments              Level 2                                     225                              149,074
                                                                                                       28,331                              153,662

There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014.




112
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                55
                                                                                                                        FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31.       Financial instruments (continued)
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
The following table summarizes the fair value of outstanding derivative financial instruments:

                                                                                                                        As at September    As at September
                                                                         Recorded in derivative financial instruments           30, 2015           30, 2014
                                                                                                                                      $                  $
 Hedges on net investments in foreign operations
 $109,730 cross-currency swaps in euro designated as a                                          Current liabilities             22,297                 —
   hedging instrument of the Company’s net investment in                                      Long-term liabilities                 —             136,203
   European operations ($968,800 as at September 30,
   2014)
 Cash flow hedges on future revenue
 U.S.$9,000 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the                                     Current liabilities               2,478             1,651
   variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate                                 Long-term liabilities                  —                605
   between the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar (U.S.
   $32,000 as at September 30, 2014)

 U.S.$42,296 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the                                      Current assets                  1,388             1,226
   variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate                                   Long-term assets                  1,284             1,586
   between the U.S. dollar and the Indian rupee                                                  Current liabilities              1,220             1,963
   (U.S.$75,216 as at September 30, 2014)
                                                                                              Long-term liabilities                  86             1,153
 $151,916 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the                                         Current assets                14,795              4,276
   variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate                                   Long-term assets                16,212              5,937
   between the Canadian dollar and the Indian rupee                                              Current liabilities                —                 475
   ($94,600 as at September 30, 2014)
                                                                                              Long-term liabilities                 —                  45

 Kr77,100 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the                                         Current assets                  1,279                  1
   variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate                                   Long-term assets                    879                 —
   between the Swedish krona and the Indian rupee                                                Current liabilities                 —                  16
   kr142,600 as at September 30, 2014)
                                                                                              Long-term liabilities                  —                  32
 €7,300 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the                                          Current liabilities                441                 —
   variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate
   between the euro and the Indian rupee (€nil as at
   September 30, 2014)

 £25,200 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the                                          Current assets                     59                 —
   variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate                                   Long-term assets                     12                 —
   between the British pound and the Indian rupee (£nil as at                                    Current liabilities                 47                 —
   September 30, 2014)
                                                                                              Long-term liabilities                 139                 —

 €84,000 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the                                          Current assets                  9,044             3,894
   variability in the expected foreign currency rate between                                    Long-term assets                  8,254             7,311
   the euro and the British pound (€121,100 as at
   September 30, 2014)

 €5,000 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the                                         Current liabilities                 339               483
   variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate                                 Long-term liabilities                  —                183
   between the euro and the Swedish krona (€15,000 as at
   September 30, 2014)
 €7,000 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the                                           Current assets                      2                 —
   variability in the expected foreign currency exchange rate                                    Current liabilities                198                 —
   between the euro and the Moroccan dirham (€nil as at
   September 30, 2014)
 Cash flow hedges on unsecured committed term loan
    credit facility
 $109,730 interest rate swaps floating-to-fixed ($484,400 as                                    Current liabilities               1,086                —
   at September 30, 2014)                                                                     Long-term liabilities                  —                943
 Fair value hedges on Senior U.S. unsecured notes
 U.S.$250,000 interest rate swaps fixed-to-floating (U.S.                                       Long-term assets                  4,130                —
   $250,000 as at September 30, 2014)                                                         Long-term liabilities                  —              9,910




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                  113  56
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31.       Financial instruments (continued)
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
Valuation techniques used to value financial instruments are as follows:
      -   The fair value of Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes, the unsecured committed term loan credit facility and the other
          long-term debt is estimated by discounting expected cash flows at rates currently offered to the Company for debts of
          the same remaining maturities and conditions;
      -   The fair value of long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments is determined by
          discounting the future cash flows using observable inputs, such as interest rate yield curves or credit spreads, or
          according to similar transactions on an arm's-length basis;

      -   The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting
          period;

      -   The fair value of cross-currency swaps and interest rate swaps is determined based on market data (primarily yield
          curves, exchange rates and interest rates) to calculate the present value of all estimated flows;
      -   The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is determined using observable quotes.
As at September 30, 2015, there were no changes in valuation techniques.
The Company expects that approximately $21,316,000 of the accumulated net unrealized gain on derivative financial instruments
designated as cash flow hedges as at September 30, 2015 will be reclassified in the consolidated statements of earnings in the
next 12 months.
During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company’s hedging relationships were effective.


MARKET RISK
Market risk incorporates a range of risks. Movements in risk factors, such as interest rate risk and currency risk, affect the fair
values of financial assets and liabilities.
Interest rate risk
The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on a portion of its long-term debt (Note 14) and holds interest rate swaps that
mitigate this risk on the unsecured committed term loan credit facility. Under the interest rate swaps, the Company receives a
variable rate of interest and pays interest at a fixed rate on the notional amount. During the year ended September 30, 2015, the
Company settled the interest rate swaps floating-to-fixed with a notional amount of $265,400,000 following the repayment of the
unsecured committed term loan credit facility.
The Company also has interest rate swaps whereby the Company receives a fixed rate of interest and pays interest at a variable
rate on the notional amount of its Senior U.S. unsecured notes. These swaps are being used to hedge the exposure to changes
in the fair value of the debt.
The Company analyzes its interest rate risk exposure on an ongoing basis using various scenarios to simulate refinancing or the
renewal of existing positions. Based on these scenarios, a change in the interest rate of 1% would not have had a significant
impact on net earnings and comprehensive income.
Currency risk
The Company operates internationally and is exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company
mitigates this risk principally through foreign currency denominated debt and use of derivative financial instruments. The Company
enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge forecasted cash flows or contractual cash flows in currencies other than
the functional currency of its subsidiaries. The Company has entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability
in various foreign currency exchange rates on future U.S. dollar, Canadian dollar, euro, Swedish krona and British pound revenues.
The Company hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its U.S. and European operations into
Canadian dollar with unsecured committed term loan credit facility, Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes.




114
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                57
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31.       Financial instruments (continued)
MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk (continued)
The Company also hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its European operations with fixed-
to-fixed and floating-to-floating cross-currency swaps. These swaps convert Canadian dollar based fixed and variable interest
payments to euro based fixed and variable interest payments associated with the notional amount. During the year ended
September 30, 2015, the Company settled floating-to-floating cross-currency swaps with a notional amount of $859,070,000
($184,900,000 for the year ended September 30, 2014) for a net amount of $121,615,000 ($28,924,000 for the year ended
September 30, 2014). The loss on settlements was recognized in other comprehensive income and will be transferred to earnings
when the net investment is disposed of.
During the year ended September 30, 2014, the Company entered into a foreign currency forward contract to hedge the net
investment in its U.S. operations. The foreign currency forward contract was subsequently settled for an amount of $8,792,000.
The loss on settlement was recognized in other comprehensive income and will be transferred to earnings when the net investment
is disposed of.
Hedging relationships are designated and documented at inception and quarterly effectiveness assessments are performed during
the year.
The Company is mainly exposed to fluctuations in the Swedish krona, the U.S. dollar, the euro and the British pound. The following
table details the Company’s sensitivity to a 10% strengthening of the Swedish krona, the U.S. dollar, the euro and the British
pound foreign currency rates on net earnings and comprehensive income against the Canadian dollar. The sensitivity analysis
on net earnings presents the impact of foreign currency denominated financial instruments and adjusts their translation at period
end for a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis on other comprehensive income presents the
impact of a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates on the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts designated as
cash flow hedges and on net investment hedges.

                                                                                       2015                                               2014

                                                                                     British                                              British
                                      Swedish        U.S. dollar        euro          pound         Swedish    U.S. dollar        euro    pound
                                  krona impact          impact        impact         impact     krona impact      impact        impact   impact
 Increase (decrease) in net
   earnings                                 12           (2,095)      (6,014)        (3,645)          (402)      (1,178)        7,787      (73)
 Decrease in other
  comprehensive income                  (1,223)       (170,039)      (41,048)        (6,149)         (2,171)   (149,474)     (143,468)       —




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                       115  58
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31.       Financial instruments (continued)
LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is not able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or can do so only at excessive
cost. The Company’s activities are financed through a combination of the cash flows from operations, borrowing under existing
credit facilities, the issuance of debt and the issuance of equity. One of management’s primary goals is to maintain an optimal
level of liquidity through the active management of the assets and liabilities as well as the cash flows.
The following table summarizes the carrying amount and the contractual maturities of both the interest and principal portion of
significant financial liabilities. All amounts contractually denominated in foreign currency are presented in Canadian dollar
equivalent amounts using the period-end spot rate.

                                                                                                         Between one       Between
                                                            Carrying      Contractual Less than one               and   two and five       Beyond
  As at September 30, 2015                                   amount        cash flows          year         two years         years     five years
                                                                  $                 $             $                $               $             $
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                1,113,636       1,113,636        1,113,636             —              —             —
  Accrued compensation                                      571,883         571,883          571,883             —              —             —
  Senior U.S. & euro unsecured notes                      1,765,180       2,196,917           70,053        181,860        618,368     1,326,636
  Unsecured committed term loan credit facility             129,222         131,161          131,161             —               —             —
   Obligations other than finance leases                    152,078         159,839           63,901         43,991         51,552           395
  Obligations under finance leases                           57,170          59,615           32,719         14,492         10,535         1,869
  Other long-term debt                                       23,437          23,711           10,335          3,916          4,079         5,381
  Clients’ funds obligations                                492,965         492,965          492,965              —              —             —
 Derivative financial liabilities (assets)
  Cash flow hedges on future revenue                        (48,260)
      Outflow                                                                  5,094            4,840            254            —              —
      (Inflow)                                                              (57,516)          (27,374)       (19,461)      (10,681)            —
  Cross-currency swaps                                       22,297
      Outflow                                                                134,049         134,049              —              —             —
      (Inflow)                                                              (112,276)       (112,276)             —              —             —
  Interest rate swaps                                         (3,044)
      Outflow                                                                631,605         232,764         11,612         34,836       352,393
      (Inflow)                                                              (663,713)       (236,804)        (16,715)      (50,146)     (360,048)
                                                          4,276,564       4,686,970        2,481,852        219,949        658,543     1,326,626




116
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                              59
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31.       Financial instruments (continued)
LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                         Between one       Between
                                                            Carrying      Contractual Less than one               and   two and five       Beyond
  As at September 30, 2014                                   amount        cash flows          year         two years         years     five years
                                                                 $                  $             $                $               $             $
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities               1,060,380       1,060,380        1,060,380              —              —             —
   Accrued compensation                                     583,979         583,879          583,879              —              —             —
   Senior U.S. & euro unsecured notes                     1,476,537       1,912,490           58,900         58,900        571,595     1,223,095
   Unsecured committed term loan credit facility          1,001,752       1,051,603           27,732      1,023,871              —             —
   Obligations other than finance leases                    117,680         124,475           42,838         36,394         45,243             —
   Obligations under finance leases                          61,698           64,397          33,813         21,323          9,261             —
   Other long-term debt                                      22,036           22,036            8,286          3,726         3,562         6,462
   Clients’ funds obligations                               292,257         292,257          292,257              —              —             —
 Derivative financial liabilities (assets)
   Cash flow hedges on future revenue                       (17,625)
       Outflow                                                                 6,959            4,731          2,113            115            —
       (Inflow)                                                              (26,041)          (9,658)        (9,415)        (6,968)           —
   Cross-currency swaps                                     136,203
       Outflow                                                            1,140,662           21,686      1,118,976              —             —
       (Inflow)                                                           (1,023,136)         (32,566)     (990,570)             —             —
   Interest rate swaps                                       10,853
       Outflow                                                              848,249           16,687        498,726         28,697      304,139
       (Inflow)                                                             (879,626)         (20,053)     (502,440)       (41,950)     (315,183)
                                                          4,745,750       5,178,584        2,088,912      1,261,604        609,555     1,218,513

As at September 30, 2015, the Company held cash and cash equivalents and long-term investments of $347,464,000
($566,404,000 as at September 30, 2014). The Company also had available $1,456,776,000 in unsecured committed revolving
credit facility ($1,463,280,000 as at September 30, 2014). The funds held for clients of $496,397,000 ($295,754,000 as at
September 30, 2014) fully covered the clients’ funds obligations. As at September 30, 2015, accounts receivable amounted to
$1,097,863,000 ($1,036,068,000 as at September 30, 2014). Given the Company’s available liquid resources as compared to
the timing of the payments of liabilities, management assesses the Company’s liquidity risk to be low.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                        117   60
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31.       Financial instruments (continued)
CREDIT RISK
The Company takes on exposure to credit risk, which is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to pay amounts in full when
due. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable and long-term investments. The maximum exposure of credit risk is generally represented by
the carrying amount of these items reported on the consolidated balance sheets.
Cash equivalents consist mainly of highly liquid investments, such as money market funds and term deposits, as well as bankers’
acceptances and bearer deposit notes issued by major banks (Note 4). The Company has deposited its cash and cash equivalents
with reputable financial institutions, from which management believes the risk of loss to be remote.
The Company is exposed to credit risk in connection with long-term investments through the possible inability of borrowers to
meet the terms of their obligations. The Company mitigates this risk by investing primarily in high credit quality corporate and
government bonds with a credit rating of A or higher.
The Company has accounts receivable derived from clients engaged in various industries including governmental agencies,
finance, telecommunications, manufacturing and utilities that are not concentrated in any specific geographic area. These specific
industries may be affected by economic factors that may impact accounts receivable. However, management does not believe
that the Company is subject to any significant credit risk in view of the Company’s large and diversified client base. Overall,
management does not believe that any single industry or geographic region represents a significant credit risk to the Company.
The following table sets forth details of the age of accounts receivable that are past due:

                                                                                                        2015                 2014
                                                                                                           $                    $
 Not past due                                                                                        737,332              716,435
 Past due 1-30 days                                                                                   84,425               86,796
 Past due 31-60 days                                                                                  28,825               29,133
 Past due 61-90 days                                                                                  13,046               15,012
 Past due more than 90 days                                                                           30,741               30,982
                                                                                                     894,369              878,358
 Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                      (5,177)              (4,892)
                                                                                                     889,192              873,466



The carrying amount of accounts receivable is reduced by an allowance account and the amount of the loss is recognized in the
consolidated statements of earnings within costs of services, selling and administrative. When a receivable balance is considered
uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written
off are credited against costs of services, selling and administrative in the consolidated statements of earnings.




118
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                             61
                                                                                                                                FISCAL 2015 RESULTS



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32.          Capital risk management
The Company is exposed to risks of varying degrees of significance which could affect its ability to achieve its strategic objectives
for growth. The main objectives of the Company’s risk management process are to ensure that risks are properly identified and
that the capital base is adequate in relation to these risks.
The Company manages its capital to ensure that there are adequate capital resources while maximizing the return to shareholders
through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. As at September 30, 2015, total managed capital was $8,556,720,000
($8,234,832,000 as at September 30, 2014). Managed capital consists of long-term debt, including the current portion (Note 14),
cash and cash equivalents (Note 4), long-term investments (Note 11) and shareholders’ equity. The basis for the Company’s
capital structure is dependent on the Company’s expected business growth and changes in the business environment. When
capital needs have been specified, the Company’s management proposes capital transactions for the approval of the Company’s
Audit and Risk Management Committee and Board of Directors. The capital risk policy remains unchanged from prior periods.
The Company monitors its capital by reviewing various financial metrics, including the following:

-    Net Debt/Capitalization

-    Debt/EBITDA
Net debt, capitalization and EBITDA are additional measures. Net debt represents debt (including the current portion and the fair
value of derivative financial instruments) less cash and cash equivalents and long-term investments. Capitalization is shareholders’
equity plus debt. EBITDA is calculated as earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, interest expense on long-
term debt, depreciation, amortization, integration-related costs and restructuring costs. The Company believes that the results
of the current internal ratios are consistent with its capital management objectives.
The Company is subject to external covenants on its Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes and unsecured committed term loan
credit facility. The ratios are as follows:

-    A leverage ratio, which is the ratio of total debt to EBITDA for the four most recent quarters1.

-    An interest and rent coverage ratio, which is the ratio of the EBITDAR for the four most recent quarters to the total interest
     expense and the operating rentals in the same periods. EBITDAR, a non-GAAP measure, is calculated as EBITDA before
     rent expense1.

-    In the case of the Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes, a minimum net worth is required, whereby shareholders’ equity,
     excluding foreign exchange translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income, cannot be less
     than a specified threshold.
These ratios are calculated on a consolidated basis.
The Company is in compliance with these covenants and monitors them on an ongoing basis. The ratios are also reviewed
quarterly by the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee. The Company is not subject to any other externally imposed
capital requirements.

1
    In the event of an acquisition, the available historical financial information of the acquired Company will be used in the computation of the ratios.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014                                                          119
                                                                                                                                                              62
Shareholder Information



Shareholder information listing                                             Transfer agent
IPO: 1986                                                                   Computershare Trust Company of Canada
Toronto Stock Exchange, April 1992: GIB.A                                   100 University Avenue, 9th Floor
New York Stock Exchange, October 1998: GIB                                  Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1
Number of shares outstanding as of September 30, 2015:                      Telephone: 1 800 564-6253
275,773,284 Class A subordinate shares                                      www.investorcentre.com/service
33,272,767 Class B shares
                                                                            Investor relations
High/low of share price from October 1, 2014
                                                                            For further information about the Company, additional copies of this
to September 30, 2015:
                                                                            report or other financial information, please contact:
                                   TSX (CDN$)                NYSE (U.S.$)
                                                                            CGI Group Inc.
High:                                 57.69                      46.30      Investor Relations
Low:                                  36.35                      31.99      Email: ir@cgi.com
                                                                            Twitter: CGI_IR
                                                                            Web: cgi.com/investors
                                                                            1350 René-Lévesque Blvd West
The certifications by CGI’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
                                                                            Montréal, Québec H3G 1T4
Officer concerning the quality of the Company’s public disclosure in
                                                                            Canada
accordance with the requirements of National Instrument 52-109 are
                                                                            Tel.: 514-841-3200
filed with securities regulators in Canada on SEDAR (sedar.com);
similar certifications pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the U.S. Exchange         Annual general meeting of shareholders
Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are
                                                                            Wednesday, January 27, 2016 at 11:00 a.m.
included as exhibits to our Form 40-F filed with the US Securities and
                                                                            Le Ritz-Carlton Montréal
Exchange Commission on EDGAR (sec.gov); and the certification
                                                                            Oval Room
required by Section 303A.12 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual
                                                                            1228 Sherbrooke Street West
is filed annually with the New York Stock Exchange. CGI’s corporate
                                                                            Montréal, Québec H3G 1H6
governance practices do not differ in any significant way from those
                                                                            Canada
required of domestic companies under New York Stock Exchange
                                                                            A live webcast of the Annual General Meeting will be available via
listing standards and are set out in the in the report of the Corporate
                                                                            cgi.com/investors. Complete instructions for viewing the webcast
Governance Committee contained in the Management Proxy Circular,
                                                                            will be available on CGI’s website. To vote by phone or by using
which is filed with Canadian and U.S. securities authorities and is
                                                                            the Internet, please refer to the instructions provided in the CGI
available on SEDAR and EDGAR, respectively, as well as on CGI’s
                                                                            Management Proxy Circular.
website (cgi.com).
                                                                            The online version of CGI’s annual report is available at
Auditors                                                                    cgi.com/investors.
Ernst & Young LLP                                                           Le rapport annuel 2015 de CGI est aussi publié en français
                                                                            et disponible sur cgi.com/investisseurs.




120
Founded in 1976, CGI is one of the largest IT and business process services providers in the world.
With 65,000 professionals operating across 40 countries, CGI helps clients become customer-centric
digital organizations. We deliver high-quality business consulting, systems integration and managed
services, complemented by more than 150 IP-based solutions and best-fit global delivery options,
to support clients in lowering the costs of running their business and reinvesting savings into their
digital transformation success. CGI has an industry-leading track record of delivering 95% of projects
on time and within budget, aligning our teams with clients’ digital strategies to achieve top-to-bottom
line results.

cgi.com




© 2015 CGI Group Inc.
