  EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
              恒大物業集團有限公司
             (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                Stock Code : 6666




                    2020 Annual Report


Conscientious Services Heartfelt Companionship
Contents

Company Profile                                    2

Corporate Information                              4

Milestones                                         6

Awards and Recognition                             8

Chairman’s Statement                              10

Management Discussion and Analysis                14

Directors and Senior Management                   34

Corporate Governance Report                       43

Report of the Directors                           56

Independent Auditor’s Report                      71

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income    77

Consolidated Balance Sheet                        78

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       80

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows              81

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    82

Four-year Financial Summary                      140
    Company Profile
    Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (“Evergrande Property” or the “Company”, together
    with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is one of the largest and fastest-growing comprehensive property
    management service providers in China. Due to its high-quality services, the Group has been highly
    recognized by the market. The Group was ranked third in the Top 100 Brand Value of China Property
    Service Enterprises in 2020, and was among the Top 100 China Leading Property Service Enterprises in
    Servicing Quality and the Top 100 China Leading Property Service Enterprise in Customer Satisfaction
    in 2020, as well as receiving a number of other honorary titles.


    Evergrande Property was established in 1997. Through 25 years of development and refinement, it
    has always been adhering to the humanized service concept of “conscientious services and heartfelt
    companionship” and keeping in mind the quality policy of “thinking alike with customers and meeting
    their urgent needs”, so as to achieve the mission of “dual satisfaction in terms of process and results”.
    Evergrande Property provides caring and professional property services through a unique standardized
    operation and management model, creates a superior living experience for property owners, improves
    property owners’ satisfaction and customer loyalty. It also effectively integrates business resources
    based on customer demands with different cycles and links up upstream and downstream cooperation
    units, thereby providing full-cycle and full-scenario services to customers.


    Evergrande Property was as usual driven by the needs of customers aiming to achieve customer
    satisfaction, and committed to large-scale development, standardized operation, professional services
    and intelligent management with a view to providing customers with high quality property management
    services, community value-added services and non-property owner value-added services. As at 31
    December 2020, the total contracted area under management of the Group was approximately 565
    million sq.m., and the area under management was approximately 300 million sq.m., covering 22
    provinces, five autonomous regions, four municipalities and Hong Kong, with a total of 290 cities and
    937 managed projects and providing services to more than 2.2 million households.


    Property management services – The Group offers a wide range of property management services to
    residents, property developers and tenants of non-residential properties. Our services include butler
    services, security services, cleaning and greening services, and repair and maintenance services.
    Focusing on residential servicing and taking advantage of the diversified development of China Evergrande
    Group (“China Evergrande”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Evergrande Group”), the ultimate
    holding company of the Group, and the rapid growth of third-party management scale, the Company
    will accelerate the development of its diversified business model, which will cover residential properties,
    commercial properties, theme parks, industrial parks, healthcare complexes, as well as public facilities
    such as schools, hospitals, banks, government buildings, high-speed railway, airports and scenic spots,
    and will rapidly expand into the field of urban public services.




2
                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          Annual Report 2020




Community value-added services – The Group aggressively develops community value-added services
to cater for the livelihood needs of households, and provides full-cycle, full-chain and full-process
diversified value-added services throughout the community development stage and family growth cycle
and in various scenarios of community life, including (i) community operation services (including group
purchase activities, community space operations, etc.); (ii) community assets management (including
parking space leasing, real estates agency, and sports and entertainment complex operation services,
etc.); and (iii) community living services (such as housekeeping, home renovation, etc.).


Value-added services to non-property owners – The value-added services to non-property owners
provided by the Group basically cover the entire process of real estate development and construction,
mainly including (i) preliminary property management services in the process of construction and pre-
sale (including construction site management, sales office management and consulting services); (ii) pre-
delivery services after the completion of development and in the process of delivery (including cleaning
and inspecting the properties to be delivered as well as assisting in the delivery process); (iii) repairs
and maintenance services during the post-delivery quality warranty periods; and (iv) property transaction
assistance services in relation to parking spaces and retail spaces.


On 2 December 2020, Evergrande Property was successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), which was also a new starting point for
Evergrande Property’s further growth. Since its listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (the
“Listing”), Evergrande Property has received market attention and recognition. From January to March
2021, various investment banks issued research reports which gave a “buying” rating, representing a
huge upward potential for the share price. On 15 March 2021, Evergrande Property was included in the
Hang Seng Composite LargeCap Index.




                                                                                                             3
    Corporate Information
    Board of Directors                    Headquarters and Principal Place of
    Executive Directors                   Business in the PRC
    Mr. Zhao Changlong                    Third Compartment of Room 3101
    Mr. Hu Liang                          No. 78, Huangpu Ave West
    Mr. Wang Zhen                         Tianhe District
    Ms. An Lihong                         Guangzhou
                                          Guangdong, PRC.
    Independent Non-executive Directors
    Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent
                                          Principal Place of Business in
    Mr. Victor Huang                      Hong Kong
    Mr. Guo Zhaohui                       23rd Floor, China Evergrande Centre
                                          38 Gloucester Road
    Audit Committee                       Wanchai
                                          Hong Kong
    Mr. Victor Huang (Chairman)
    Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent
    Mr. Guo Zhaohui                       Registered Office
                                          Cricket Square
    Remuneration Committee                Hutchins Drive
                                          PO Box 2681
    Mr. Guo Zhaohui (Chairman)
                                          Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Mr. Victor Huang
                                          Cayman Islands
    Mr. Hu Liang


    Nomination Committee                  Principal Share Registrar and Transfer
                                          Office
    Mr. Zhao Changlong (Chairman)
    Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent           Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Guo Zhaohui                       Cricket Square
                                          Hutchins Drive
                                          PO Box 2681
    Authorized Representatives
                                          Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Mr. Zhao Changlong
                                          Cayman Islands
    Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy

                                          Hong Kong Share Registrar
    Company Secretary
                                          Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
    Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy
                                          Limited Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
                                          Hopewell Centre
                                          183 Queen’s Road East
                                          Wanchai
                                          Hong Kong



4
                                             EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        Annual Report 2020




Auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor


Legal Advisers
Sidley Austin


Principal Banks
Bank of China Limited
China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
China Construction Bank Corporation
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.


Stock Code on Main Board of the
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
6666


Company’s Website
www.evergrandeservice.com




                                                                                             5
    Milestones
    January 2020
    Since the outbreak of the COVID-19
    pandemic, tens of thousands of
    employees of Evergrande Property
    stayed on the frontline of prevention
    and control of the pandemic round-the-
    clock, to protect the health and safety
    of nearly 2 million households in more
    than 280 cities across the country
    through practical actions, winning high
    recognition from local governments and
    property owners.




                                              February 2020
                                              The Evergrande Group awarded the
                                              employees of the Group with a “Special
                                              Recognition Award ” to those who
                                              worked in the front-line during the
                                              Lunar New Year holiday. In addition to
                                              overtime wages on national statutory
                                              holidays, the employees were rewarded
                                              with 1 to 3 times their wages and
                                              approved comprehensive bonuses.




6
                                            EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       Annual Report 2020




August 2020                                             September 2020
Evergrande Property introduced a                        Evergrande Property acquired 100%
group of strategic investors including                  equity interests in Nanchang Xinya,
CITIC Capital, Tencent Holdings,                        Chengdu Wellspo, Zunyi Zhongxin and
Yunfeng Capital and Sequoia Capital at                  Yongkang Jiahua Property Co., Ltd.
a total consideration of HK$23.5 billion.
This is the largest equity financing
exercise in the history of property
enterprises.




2 December 2020
Evergrande Property (6666.
HK) was officially listed on
the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange, opening a new
chapter in the development of
the Company.




                                                                                              7
    Awards and Recognition                               Partly presented




                                                                Top 100 Property Management
                                                                 Companies in China in 2020




             Top Ten Property Management                        Top 100 Property Management
           Companies in Service Scale in China                   Companies in Service Quality
                        in 2020                                       in China in 2020




    In May 2020, Evergrande Property was awarded various honorary titles, including being listed in the
    “Top 100 China Property Management Companies”, “Top Ten China Property Management Companies
    in Service Scale”, “Top 100 China Property Management Companies in Service Quality ”, “Top 100 China
    Property Management Companies in Customer Satisfaction” and “Leading China Property Management
    Companies in Community Value-added Services” by China Index Academy in 2020.




8
                                           EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      Annual Report 2020




         Top 100 Property Management                     Property Management Company
            Companies in Customer                         with Featured Brand Image in
          Satisfaction in China in 2020                  Community Value-added Services
                                                                 in China in 2020




          Benchmarking Enterprise in                       Most Socially Responsible
              Terms of Integrity                         Company in the 2020 Property
                                                          Management Capital Forum




In August 2020, Evergrande Property was ranked third among the “ Top 100 China Property
Management Company Brand Value in 2020” issued by China Real Estate News, and was accredited
as the “Benchmarking Enterprise in Terms of Integrity” by Guangdong Property Management Industry
Association.


In December 2020, Evergrande Property was awarded the title of the “Most Socially Responsible
Company in the 2020 Property Management Capital Forum” by the Securities Daily.



                                                                                                   9
     Chairman’s Statement
     Dear Shareholders,


     The board of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company (the “Board”) is pleased to present the results
     of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.


     The Group’s operating revenue for the year was approximately RMB10,509 million, representing a
     year-on-year increase of approximately 43.3%. Gross profit was approximately RMB4,006 million,
     representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 128.3%. Net profit was approximately RMB2,647
     million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 184.5%. Profit attributable to shareholders
     was approximately RMB2,648 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 184.7%.
     Basic earnings per share were approximately RMB0.26.


     2020 was an extraordinary year. Hit by the COVID-19 at the beginning of the year, all of the Evergrande
     Property people actively responded to the call of the country to practice corporate social responsibility,
     and efficiently coordinated with governments at all levels to overcome the difficulties with the most
     stringent, comprehensive and thorough prevention and control measures adopted, starting a blocking
     battle against the pandemic.


     On the occasion of this annual results announcement, first of all, please allow me, on behalf of the
     Group, to pay my high respects to our property service staff who stayed on at the front line of the
     fight against the COVID-19. They acted bravely and stood fast to their posts, daring to stay on for the
     “last mile” of the fight against the pandemic without hesitation, thus building the first line of defense
     for epidemic prevention and control. They went all out to do a good job for the “closed management”
     of the community, implementing stringent epidemic prevention and control while offering humanistic
     services, strictly controlling entrances and exits of the parks, conducting full-coverage and high-
     frequency disinfection and sterilization in key areas, and actively providing services such as delivering
     goods and vegetables to the door. They shouldered the important task of epidemic prevention in an
     effort to safeguard the health of residents, striving to be the “security guards” for tens of millions of
     families, silently guarding the homeland of everyone. Given their perseverance, more residents felt safe
     and secure and the social value of a property service enterprise has become more obvious.


     The sudden outbreak of the COVID-19 has reshaped the market’s perception of the value and
     positioning of property enterprises. The property service industry, which is characterized by increasingly
     prominent unique attributes such as strong counter-cyclical attributes, wide applicability, huge potential
     resources, and asset-light operations, has aroused high market attention. With various favorable policies
     being promulgated by the government, the process of urbanization has accelerated, a trillion-yuan blue
     ocean market has gradually taken shape, and the property management industry has entered a period
     of rapid development.




10
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




2020 was a “capacity building year” for the property management industry. Benchmarking companies
quickened their transformation and upgrading, stepped up efforts on large-scale expansion, and
paid attention to high-quality growth, actively exploring new sources of revenue growth for diversified
operations, and intensifying the use of high-tech means to optimize management, reduce cost and
improve efficiency, with the industry upgrading to standardization, specialization, and intelligentization.


As the degree of industry concentration increases, the competitive advantages of branded property
companies have become increasingly prominent. Companies are more likely to win the recognition of
the market and customers on excellent service quality and a leading service brand. In areas such as
business expansion and diversified development, there is a tendency that the strong ones stay strong.
The property industry is expected to usher in a watershed for development.


Looking at the higher and newer requirements on the property management industry put forward in the
14th Five-Year Plan, continuously improving service quality and innovative ability to meet the diverse
needs of customers will become the key direction for the development of property service companies.
Property companies will innovate their service models, upgrade their technological capabilities,
enrich their value-added service contents, and riding the tide of the capital market, achieve leapfrog
development, high-quality growth and branded operation for competing in the trillion-yuan-level market.


Adhering to the strategy of “winning by scale”, we have been maintaining high-quality expansion
and a diversified layout. Leveraging high-quality services, standardized operations, technological
empowerment and other advantages, the Group has established a complete market development
system, achieving remarkable results in terms of external expansion and mergers and acquisitions.
In 2020, the Company saw a new high in the growth in scale. With the development of diversified
industries by China Evergrande and the rapid increase in the scale of third-party management, the
Group has experienced an accelerated progress in multi-disciplinary development, with the portfolio
covering residential properties, commercial properties and office buildings, theme parks, industrial parks,
healthcare complexes, schools, hospitals, banks, government buildings, high-speed railways, airports,
scenic spots and other public facilities, and has rapidly expanded in the direction of urban public
service, building a richer service portfolio and a more balanced regional layout, further consolidating the
its leading position in the industry, and providing ample room for high-speed and stable development
going forward.




                                                                                                              11
     Adhering to the “ standardized operation ” strategy, we have been focusing on quality
     improvement and service innovation. We have always been guided by the needs of residents for a
     better life. After nearly 25 years of development and accumulation, we provide intimate, professional,
     meticulous and secure services through our unique standardized operation and management model to
     create the best living experience, winning recognition with our services and solidifying the endogenous
     cornerstone of our property development. While continuously enriching the substance and extension of
     basic services, the Group effectively integrates operating resources based on community development
     stages, family growth cycles and community life scenarios, opening up upstream and downstream
     cooperative units, gradually expanding and extending the layout of value-added service portfolios,
     providing community space operations, community group buying, community assets, community living
     and other diversified value-added services, and actively explores more service offerings, leveraging
     technology, big data and other means to achieve precision marketing, creating the advantages of
     differentiated service, and continuing to improve profitability and scale.


     Adhering to the “ technological transformation ” strategy, we have been pushing forward
     technological empowerment and digital development. Based on technologies such as artificial
     intelligence, cloud computing, big data, and the Internet of Things, the Group has established a sound
     smart property management service system through cooperation with leading technology companies.
     Owning more than 240 technical patents, the Group has achieved online-based standardized
     operations, including smart life, smart parks, and smart SaaS management and property platforms,
     to meet the needs of managing multiple disciplines, scenarios and customers, thus building an online
     and offline living service circle. The results in quality improvement, cost reduction and efficiency
     enhancement have been significant.


     In integrating existing technological achievements, the Group has created a smart city operation
     system with the smart Sea Flower Island as the blueprint capitalizing on the advantages of big data, big
     technology, and big ecology, further promoting the in-depth integration of the smart operation system
     with urban services, completing the upgrade of smart services from closed parks to open communities
     and then to urban operations, thus facilitating the Company’s layout of integrated urban services. Going
     forward, the smart city service system will cover transportation, healthcare, communities, public service
     and other scenarios.




12
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




Adhering to the strategy of “strengthening the enterprise with talents”, we have been building
a “Two Highs, One Light” team and a comprehensive training system. The Group provides a
complete training and development system for all employees with respect to the four aspects of
selection, training, employment and retention. Adhering to a high-standard, moderately-advanced
employment mechanism and taking into account the characteristics and needs of the posts, the Group
has introduced a large number of highly-educated and high-quality young professionals, continuously
injecting fresh blood into the Company. By optimizing the “professionalism + management” dual-
channel career development path, the Group promotes the mechanism of training employees to
achieve competency in one specialty and acquire multiple capabilities to promote the development of
the Company and the growth of employees, thus achieving a win-win situation. The Group continues
to improve the employee incentive and protection plans, and pays attention to employee experience,
development and growth with emphasis on interaction and communication in the process to enhance
the sense of belonging among employees. By building a high-quality talent team that is skilled,
application-oriented, compound and innovative, it will continue to provide strong talent guarantee for
the rapid development of the enterprise.


2021 is the first year of the “14th Five-Year Plan”. The Group will seize opportunities for market
integration. Adhering to a diversified layout and scale expansion strategy with focus on our six key
capabilities, namely scale, quality, operation, technology, brand, and talent, the Group will constantly
improve the standardized operation system, and upgrade and innovate the smart property management
system, continuously releasing the potential of community value-added service business, consolidating
our leading position in the industry with core advantages such as high speed, high net worth, light
assets, and technology, striving to become the world’s largest property service group with the widest
layout, the most comprehensive portfolio, and the best efficiency.


Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all our employees and the management for their
contributions to the development of the Company. I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to
all shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) and stakeholders for their trust and support.



Zhao Changlong
Chairman of the Board
Hong Kong, 16 March 2021




                                                                                                           13
     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Business Review
     Although faced with complicated economic situation and industry competition in 2020, Evergrande Property was
     as usual driven by the needs of customers aiming to achieve customer satisfaction, and committed to large-
     scale development, standardized operation, professional services and intelligent management with a view to
     providing customers with high quality property management services, community value-added services and non-
     property owner value-added services. During the current year, various indicators such as management scale,
     number of city covered and the growth of operating performance of the Company were ranked among the best
     in the industry. The Company has become one of the largest and fastest-growing property management service
     operators in China and was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 2 December 2020, opening a new
     chapter in the development of the Company.

     Property management services
     The Group offers a wide range of property management services to residents, property developers and
     tenants of non-residential properties. Our services include butler services, security services, cleaning
     and greening services, and repair and maintenance services. Focusing on residential servicing and
     taking advantage of the diversified development of China Evergrande and the rapid growth of third-
     party management scale, the Company will accelerate the development of its diversified business model,
     which will cover residential properties, commercial properties, theme parks, industrial parks, healthcare
     complexes, as well as public facilities such as schools, hospitals, banks, government buildings, high-
     speed railway, airports and scenic spots, and will rapidly expand into the field of urban public services.




     The following table sets forth a breakdown of the area under management of the Group by types of
     properties:

                             Area under                       Area under
                           management                      management
                                   as at                            as at
                           31 December                     31 December                                  Growth
                                   2020 Percentage                 2019     Percentage       Change        rate
                            (’000 sq.m.)       (%)          (’000 sq.m.)           (%)   (’000 sq.m.)       (%)

      Residential
        properties              291,597          97.1           235,788           99.1        55,809       23.7
      Non-residential
        properties                8,843           2.9              2,067           0.9         6,776      327.8
14    Total                     300,440          100            237,855           100         62,585       26.3
                                                                                   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2020




As at 31 December 2020, the contracted area under management and area under management of the
Group by region are as follows:

                                                                           Contracted
                                                                           area under                                    Area under
                                                                         management                         Percentage management                                                       Percentage
                                                                          (’000 sq.m.)                             (%)  (’000 sq.m.)                                                           (%)

 East China1                                                                       161,446                                        28.6                              80,847                             26.9
 North China2                                                                       55,347                                         9.8                              32,046                             10.7
 Northwest of China3                                                                27,845                                         4.9                              13,129                              4.4
 South China4                                                                       89,690                                        15.9                              49,636                             16.5
 Southwest of China5                                                                95,304                                        16.9                              48,899                             16.3
 Central China6                                                                     90,863                                        16.1                              50,770                             16.9
 Northeast of China7                                                                44,013                                         7.8                              25,112                              8.4
 Total                                                                             564,507                                      100.0                              300,440                         100.0
1.   Including Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui, Jiangxi, Shandong and Fujian.
2.   Including Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanxi and Inner Mongolia.
3.   Including Shaanxi, Gansu, Qinghai, Ningxia and Xinjiang.
4.   Including Guangdong, Guangxi, Hainan and Hong Kong.
5.   Including Chongqing, Sichuan, Guizhou, Yunnan and Tibet.
6.   Including Henan, Hubei and Hunan.
7.   Including Heilongjiang, Jilin and Liaoning.


 Northwest of China
 As at 31 December 2020                                  Northeast of China
 Contracted area: 27.8 million sq.m.                     As at 31 December 2020
 Area under management: 13.1 million sq.m.               Contracted area: 44.0 million sq.m.
                                                         Area under management: 25.1 million sq.m.
                                                                                                                                                    Heilongjiang




                                                                                                                                               Jilin



                                Xinjiang                                                                                                 Liaoning
                                                                                                                                                               North China
                                                                                       Inner Mongolia           Beijing                                        As at 31 December 2020
                                                         Gansu                                                        Tianjin
                                                                                                                                                               Contracted area: 55.3 million sq.m.
                                                                                                            Hebei                                              Area under management: 32.0 million sq.m.

                                                                                 Ningxia          Shanxi
                                                                                                                      Shandong
                                                                                                                                                           East China
                                                     Qinghai                                                                                               As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                       Shaanxi           Henan                                             Contracted area: 161.4 million sq.m.
                                                                                                                                   Jiangsu
                                                                                                                                                           Area under management: 80.8 million sq.m.
                                   Tibet                                                                                Anhui
                                                                                                                                             Shanghai
                                                                       Sichuan                          Hubei

                                                                                    Chongqing                                       Zhejiang

                                                                                                                  Jiangxi
                                                                                                  Hunan
                                                                                     Guizhou
      Southwest of China                                                                                                        Fujian

      As at 31 December 2020                                        Yunnan                                                                    Taiwan
      Contracted area: 95.3 million sq.m.                                                  Guangxi         Guangdong
      Area under management: 48.9 million sq.m.                                                                                                                            South China Sea
                                                                                                                   Hong Kong
                                                                                                                Macau


                                                  Central China                                           South China
                                                                                               Hainan
                                                  As at 31 December 2020                                  As at 31 December 2020
                                                  Contracted area: 90.9 million sq.m.                     Contracted area: 89.7 million sq.m.
                                                  Area under management: 50.8 million sq.m.               Area under management: 49.6 million sq.m.




                                                                                                                                                                                                              15
     As at 31 December 2020, the total contracted area under management of the Group was approximately
     565 million sq.m., and the area under management was approximately 300 million sq.m. (including
     approximately 9.7 million sq.m. of property areas developed by third party developers), covering 22
     provinces, five autonomous regions, four municipalities and Hong Kong, with a total of 290 cities
     and 937 managed projects and providing property management services to more than 2.2 million
     households. Due to its high-quality services, the Group has been highly recognized by the market,
     with a customer satisfaction rate of 95.6 and a project renewal rate of 100% for the current year. The
     Group was ranked third in the Top 100 Brand Value of China Property Service Enterprises in 2020, and
     was among the Top 100 China Leading Property Service Enterprises in Servicing Quality and the Top
     100 China Leading Property Service Enterprise in Customer Satisfaction in 2020, as well as receiving a
     number of other honorary titles.


     During the year, revenue from property management services was approximately RMB6,321.5 million,
     representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 37.1%, and gross profit margin increased by
     15.9 percentage points to approximately 33.6%. The revenue accounted for approximately 60.2% of
     total revenue.

     Community value-added services
     The Group aggressively develops community value-added services to cater for the livelihood needs
     of households, and provides full-cycle, full-chain and full-process diversified value-added services
     throughout the community development stage and family growth cycle and in various scenarios of
     community life, including community operation services, community assets management, community life
     and other services.


     During the year, revenue from community value-added services was approximately RMB1,264.1
     million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 120.6%, and the gross profit margin was
     approximately 63.4%. The percentage of the revenue accounting for the total revenue increased to
     approximately 12.0% from approximately 7.8% for the same period in 2019. The classification of the
     services is as follows:


     1.    The Group deeply explores the diverse service needs of residents and the enormous available
           space resources in the community, leverages its nationwide scale advantages and abundant
           cooperative business resources, and vigorously carries out businesses such as community group
           purchase, community media and community space operations. During the year, revenue from
           community operation services was approximately RMB621.5 million, representing a year-on-year
           increase of approximately 207.3%.


     2.    By fully utilizing the abundant property resources of the projects under management, the Group
           provides residents with parking space leasing and sports and entertainment complex services,
           as well as cooperates with merchants to provide services such as assistance in the sales and
           leasing of pre-owned properties. During the year, community asset management realized revenue
           of approximately RMB481.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 58.8%.
16
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




3.    By consolidating a huge amount of high-quality living service resources across the country
      and continuously integrating into various aspects of daily lives of residents, the Group provides
      safe, convenient, professional and caring housekeeping services, home equipment upgrades
      and public business agency services for residents. During the year, community living services
      realized revenue of approximately RMB161.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
      approximately 138.0%.


The substantial growth in the performance of community value-added services has justified the
Company’s business decisions, aspects and models, and the economies of scale of this business
sector is gradually taking shape.


        Upstream and Downstream Strategic
        Cooperative Enterprises
                                                                    Residential properties, commercial
        8,300 units
                                                                    properties, themed towns

                                      8                  1
                                                                                   Tourism and
                                                                                   Health Industries
                                                                                   Ocean Flower Island
                        7                                             2
                                                                                   Kidz World
                                                                                   Water World
>300 cinemas                                                                       Elderly Care Valleys




                        6                                            3
Football Club
Hundreds of million
football fans                       5                   4                      New energy vehicles
                                                                               Smart charging

               Finance Service



                                                             Fangchebao
                                                             Over 30,000 service centres
                                                             Over 20 million platform members




                                                                                                          17
     Value-added services to non-property owners
     Value-added services to non-property owners basically cover the entire process of real estate
     development and construction, mainly including preliminary property management services, pre-
     delivery services, repair and maintenance services and property transaction assistance services. During
     the year, revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was approximately RMB2,923.2
     million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 36.1%, and gross profit margin was
     approximately 37.1%. The revenue accounted for approximately 27.8% of the total revenue.


     From January 2021 onwards, the Group has adjusted the repair and maintenance service model, and
     directly enters into service agreements with renovation units and undertake post-renovation repair and
     maintenance services by means of annual contracting during the warranty period. The implementation
     of the new service model will cater for household needs in a more timely and efficient manner, which is
     conducive for the Company to further improve per capita efficiency and create greater value.


     Smart property construction
     Relying on technologies such as the Internet and the Internet of Things (IoT), the Group has established
     a smart management system for Evergrande Property, which comprises smart living, smart community
     and smart management, to provide customers with high-quality and convenient services while greatly
     improving the Company’s per capita efficiency and reducing operating costs.


     In respect of smart living, Evergrande’s smart community APP has been developed and a huge amount
     of high-quality living service resources have been integrated and launched nationwide, including
     resources related to household payments, smart charging, community group purchase, express
     delivery, freight and transport, housekeeping services etc. Besides, we can meet the various needs for
     the livelihood of residents through product function upgrade and continuous enrichments of service
     content.


     With regard to smart community, the construction of an IoT system platform comprising functions of
     access gateway, community monitoring, perimeter warning, information release, intelligent lift control
     and large screen command and control has been completed, which basically covers all kinds of
     property service scenarios and forms a comprehensive turnkey solution of smart community.


     As regards smart management, the ERP system of Evergrande Property has been completed,
     which comprises business modules such as fee management, online customer service, work order
     management, service supervision, equipment maintenance and asset management. The standardized
     operating system of the Company has been improved through technological means, and work efficiency
     has been significantly enhanced by means such as mobile office and smart monitoring.




18
                                                                        EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020




Through the construction of a smart management system, the Group has achieved remarkable results
in reducing costs and increasing efficiency. The per capita area under management increased from
3,635 sq.m. in 2018 to 7,464 sq.m. in 2020, representing a three-year compound growth rate of
approximately 43.3%; and annual per capita output value increased from RMB111,200 in 2018 to
RMB248,800 in 2020, representing a three-year compound growth rate of approximately 49.6%.


                                                                          Home
                                                                        renovation
                                             Community                     and                     Insurance
                                               group                    decoration                 brokerage
                                              purchase
                                                                                     Real estate
                Intelligent                                                           agency                              Smart
                  patrol                                 Elderly care                                                     home
                                                          and well-
                                                            being
 Smart energy
 consumption                                             Technological Digital                                             Cultural
                                                                                                                           tourism
                Intelligent
                 security                                Property Ecosystem
                                                                                                                                        Smart
                                                                                                                Smart                  medical
                                                                                                               vehicles               treatment
                         Intelligent   Intelligent
                          quality       access
                          control




Combating the COVID-19 pandemic
Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the community has been on the frontline of prevention
and control and has also formed the most effective defensive line for preventing external input and
internal spread. The Group actively responded to national precaution requirements and cooperated
with government authorities of each level and sub-district departments to implement various
prevention and control measures and comprehensively carry out community precaution work. Tens
of thousands of workers stayed on the frontline of prevention and control of the pandemic round-the-
clock to protect the health and safety of more than 2.2 million households of properties managed by
the Group across the country with practical actions, winning high recognition from local governments
and property owners.


The Group made every effort to take multiple measures to actively implement various tasks such as the
propaganda on community prevention and control, inspection and registration at entrances and exits,
body temperature measurement for residents, disinfection in the community and distribution of daily
supplies. At the same time, the Group made full use of scientific and technological means to reduce the
risk of personnel contact and infection, and build invisible lines of defense, including the configuration of
automatic disinfection channels, thermal imaging thermometers and smart mask recycling bins.


During the pandemic, various functions of smart community APP was enabled, including online booking
of daily necessities, health pass, daily pandemic report and publicity of policies. Only in March 2020,
the APP was used by an aggregate of more than 3 million people, thus ensuring the health and safety
of property owners in all aspects.



                                                                                                                                                  19
     In the long run, the pandemic not only presents an ordeal but also brings an opportunity for the
     property industry and the Group, which are mainly reflected in the following:


     1.    The value of the property industry has been reconsidered and valued again, and outstanding
           property companies will be more favored by the market;


     2.    High-quality property services have been recognized by residents, which is conducive to
           maintaining a high collection rate of property management fees and also creates room for a
           moderate increase in the fees;


     3.    The Group’s rapid response mechanism has greatly enhanced the cohesiveness of households
           and contributed to the expansion of value-added business;


     4.    The acceleration of the promotion and application of technology in the community is conducive to
           promoting the comprehensive technological transformation of the Group.


     The Group will persist on carrying out community precaution measures unremittingly, continue to
     improve its capabilities to react to risks, and implement various normalized pandemic prevention and
     control tasks, so as to provide residents with a healthier and safer living environment.




20
                                                 EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            Annual Report 2020




Prospects and future plan
Looking forward to the future, the scale of the property management industry will continue to expand.
Under the guidance of national policies and regulations, the property management industry will grow
energetically and assume more social responsibilities, and the development of the industry will usher
in golden opportunities. To this end, the Group will put equal emphasis on quality and speed, and will
strive to achieve leapfrog development of management scale, deeply explore the potential of community
value-added services, and continue to improve profitability through horizontal expansion and vertical
development of value-added businesses with high net profit margin. Meanwhile, the Group will increase
its investment in science and technology and the application of new technologies, realize the automation
of routine services, greatly enhance management efficiency, continuously upgrade and improve the smart
property management system and service platform, with a view to rapidly transforming the Group into a
technology-based service enterprise.

Achieving success by scale development, continuously enriching business models and rapidly
expanding management scale through multiple channels
The Group will seize the opportunity of rapid development of the industry, fully mobilize the internal and
external resources of the Company, deeply explore the markets in major cities across the country and
leverage on the advantages of standardized operations. Building on existing projects under management,
the Group will achieve a diversified and rapid expansion of its management business to ensure a smooth
high-speed growth.


The Company has established a strong professional investment and expansion team and formulated
effective assessment measures to ensure that annual targets of expansion can be achieved. Subsequent to
the end of current year and up to 28 February 2021, the Group has signed contracts for external expansion
and mergers and acquisitions in respect of properties with an accumulated contracted area of approximately
115 million sq.m. and area under management of 110 million sq.m., and 36 new urban public service
projects have been secured, thus further consolidating the advantages of scale, industry position and market
competitiveness of the Group. As such, the management capabilities and talent reserves of the Group in the
fields of public construction and urban public construction services have been greatly enhanced.


In the future, on the basis of the steady growth of residential management scale and maintaining the
existing leading advantages in the industry, the Group will rapidly expand its market share of non-residential
businesses. The Group will focus on the areas of office buildings, public construction, industrial parks and
urban public services, and use flexible and diverse expansion methods to optimize the structure of diversified
business, aiming to achieve an area under management of more than 600 million sq.m. in 2021 and
becoming the world’s largest integrated urban service provider.




                                                                                                                 21
     Improving management via technology, perfecting standardized smart property management system
     and continuously promoting cost reduction and efficiency enhancement
     The Group has cooperated with leading companies in the artificial intelligence and security industry
     such as Sense Time, Dahua, Jieshun, etc., focusing on the full application of machine vision, natural
     language processing, Internet of Things, AI intelligence, 5G and other technologies in our business
     sectors such as intelligent customer service, intelligent access, smart transportation, intelligent security,
     smart building, intelligent quality control and intelligent scheduling, in order to create a safe, convenient
     and highly-efficient smart community management platform.

     Through the utilization of “intelligent equipment + Evergrande Butler APP”, the system of the Group will
     automatically allocate work, quantify job duties and evaluate employee performance, so as to optimize
     job settings, continuously improve per capita efficiency and further upgrade the ERP management
     system of Evergrande Property. As a result, the business process and functional modules can be
     fully covered. Through the use of technology, the Company’s standardized operating system will be
     strengthened, thus further achieving cost reduction and efficiency enhancement.


     Leveraging technology to innovate the smart property management system, thus fully implementing
     technological transformation
     Always oriented by customer demand and combined with the construction of various platforms such
     as the property SaaS management platform, ERP intelligent management platform, data analysis
     and decision-making platform, large membership platform and marketing intermediary platform,
     the Group continuously puts efforts in areas such as intelligent customer profile, intelligent service
     system, intelligent equipment application and intelligent decision-making to upgrade the existing
     smart community and smart tourism service platforms. At the same time, the Group also builds smart
     platforms in the fields of smart office building, smart industrial parks and smart household. As such, the
     Group aims to create a full-ecological, full-intelligent, full-sensing smart operation system, covering all
     service scenarios such as home life, travelling, living, entertainment, health, consumption, commercial
     and official business and outbound trip of property owners.


     In terms of smart city construction, the Group has accumulated experience in the smart construction
     and operation of urbanization projects including traffic management, traffic flow monitoring, equipment
     management and safety management through the construction of the smart Ocean Flower Island
     covering an area of approximately 8 square kilometres. Leveraging on the advantages of big data, big
     technology and big ecology, the Group will comprehensively promote the deep integration of smart
     operation systems and urban services, and build digital infrastructure such as the “city brain”, covering
     transportation, medical, community, commerce, public services and other scenario services, to help
     improve the comprehensive urban governance capabilities and intelligence level.




22
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




Put great efforts into developing value-added business in community, providing full-cycle
community livelihood services and continuously improving profitability
Recently, national policies favorable to the industry have been continuously issued, encouraging qualified
property service companies to actively explore the “property services + living services” model to meet the
diverse and multi-level living requirements of residents.


The Group will put great efforts into tapping the potential of community value-added services. Firstly,
the Group will further expand the breadth and depth of the coverage of existing community value-added
business, and aggressively develop business with high value such as community group purchase and
home renovation and decoration based on the high demand of property owners. Secondly, the Group will
collaborate with the diversified business sectors of China Evergrande such as tourism, health, Fangchebao,
insurance and automobile sectors, and link up with 8,300 upstream and downstream and strategic
cooperative enterprises to fully capitalize on the advantages of massive amount of customers and resources,
so as to carry out new business such as real estate agency, insurance brokerage and elderly care and well-
being services.


1.    The Group will expand the scope of community group purchase business. Our headquarter will take
      the lead to carefully select products that are in high demand from various regions. The Company will
      conduct business through both online and offline channels through self-operation and cooperation
      with merchants. Relying on the “last kilometer” entrance advantage of the community, the Group
      will replicate the business throughout the surrounding communities by attracting customers through
      various channels and fully utilizing the resources of tens of millions of households.


2.    By integrating the brand resources of home renovation and decoration, the Group will provide value-
      added services covering full renovation, refreshing of old decoration, partial renovation and smart
      home. Building on its own projects under management and through cooperation with Fangchebao,
      the Group will expand its business coverage and integrate the home renovation and decoration
      business in the new housing and second-hand housing transactions, resulting in a synergic effect in
      its operations.


3.    Capitalizing on the advantages of millions of real estate information and tens of millions of
      household resources, the Group will cooperate with Evergrande Fangchebao Group to leverage on
      its online national brokerage platform and its exclusive offline intermediary agencies, and cooperate
      with professional real estate brokerage companies across the country to take advantage of their
      sound communication with residents. As such, the Group will provide real estate broker assistance
      services such as property information integration and recommendation, customer referral and
      visit tours and real estate custody and maintenance, tapping into the real estate market with a
      transaction scale worth a hundred billion.




                                                                                                              23
     4.    The Group will provide the new service of insurance brokerage, and will cooperate with
           established insurance companies in the industry including Evergrande Insurance, leveraging on
           their nationwide scale advantage and the resources of 8,300 upstream and downstream strategic
           cooperative enterprises. Through its progressive expansion model of customer base nationwide,
           the Group will act as agent for diversified products such as life insurance, property insurance and
           auto insurance by tapping multitudinous resources of customers.


     5.    Through the cooperation with nearly 30 Evergrande Elderly Care Valleys and Boao Evergrande
           International Hospital and leveraging on world-class medical technology, advanced equipment,
           health care products and abundant medical resources, the Group will provide community elderly
           care services such as home care, life care, health monitoring and nursing and rehabilitation.


     The Group always adheres to the servicing concept of “ conscientious services and heartfelt
     companionship” and is committed to scale development, striving to maintain its leading position in
     the industry with the most extensive urban coverage and the largest area under management in the
     world. The Group sticks to the operation model of “technology + standardization”, so as to build a
     standardized management system for all types of business and create a leading full-ecological, full-
     smart and full-scenario smart operation system. The Group also insists on persistently improving its
     basic services, innovating value-added services, continuously improving profitability to maintain high-
     quality growth of the enterprise, with a view to becoming the world’s largest property service group
     with the most extensive business coverage, the most comprehensive business format and the highest
     efficiency.




24
                                                            EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020




Financial Review
Revenue
The revenue of the Group mainly derives from three business segments: (i) property management
services; (ii) community value-added services; and (iii) value-added services to non-property owners. For
the year ended 31 December 2020, the total revenue of the Group was approximately RMB10,508.9
million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 43.3%.

                                             Revenue           Percentage            Revenue             Percentage              Growth
                                              in 2020           of revenue            in 2019             of revenue                rate
                                           (RMB’ 000)                  (%)         (RMB’ 000)                    (%)                 (%)

 Property management
   services                                  6,321,505                   60.2       4,612,212                       62.9              37.1
 Community value-added
   services                                  1,264,138                   12.0          572,983                        7.8           120.6
 Value-added services to
   non-property owners                       2,923,216                   27.8       2,147,527                       29.3              36.1
 Total                                     10,508,859                     100       7,332,722                        100              43.3


1.       Property management services
During the year, revenue from property management services was approximately RMB6,321.5 million
(the revenue from the property management services of projects developed by third party developers
was approximately RMB26.5 million), an increase of approximately 37.1% year-on-year and accounting
for approximately 60.2% of total revenue. The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue from
property management services of the Group by types of developers:

                                           As at 31 December 2020                                 As at 31 December 2019
                                       Percentage                   Percentage                 Percentage                        Percentage
                                           of total Area under          of total                   of total      Area under           of total
                               Revenue    revenue management        area under       Revenue      revenue     management          area under
                             (RMB’000)         (%) (’000 sq.m.) management(%)      (RMB’000)           (%)     (’000 sq.m.)   management(%)

 Properties developed by
   China Evergrande          6,294,963        99.6       290,739            96.8   4,597,585          99.7        237,033                99.7
 Properties developed by
   independent third party
   developers                   26,542         0.4         9,701             3.2      14,627           0.3             822                0.3
 Total                       6,321,505         100       300,440            100    4,612,212          100         237,855                 100




                                                                                                                                                 25
     The increase in revenue from property management services was mainly attributable to the increase in
     the total area under management to approximately 300 million sq.m. from approximately 238 million
     sq.m. for the same period in 2019 and the increase of average unit price of property management
     fees to RMB2.28 per sq.m. from RMB2.18 per sq.m. for the same period in 2019. In addition, revenue
     from parking space management increased by 127.8% to approximately RMB872.2 million from
     approximately RMB382.8 million in 2019, as the Group started to charge property management fees for
     parking spaces of 150 projects.


     2.   Community value-added services
     During the year, revenue from community value-added services was approximately RMB1,264.1 million,
     an increase of approximately 120.6% year-on-year and accounting for 12.0% of total revenue.


     The increase in revenue from community value-added services was mainly attributable to the following
     factors:


     Revenue from community operation services was approximately RMB621.5 million, representing an
     increase of approximately 207.3% year-on-year.


     Revenue from community asset management was approximately RMB481.0 million, representing an
     increase of approximately 58.8% year-on-year.


     Revenue from community living services was approximately RMB161.6 million, representing an increase
     of approximately 138.0% year-on-year.


     With the rapid growth of the scale of management and the number of servicing households, the Group
     has continued to promote the coverage of value-added services horizontally and vertically, and the
     benefits of economies of scale have become increasingly prominent. Besides, the Group has continued
     to standardize the model of business development, innovate service content and strengthen operation
     supervision, so as to vigorously promote rich and convenient value-added services such as community
     group purchase, community media, parking space leasing and living and household services.


     3.   Value-added services to non-property owners
     During the year, revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was approximately
     RMB2,923.2 million, an increase of approximately 36.1% year-on-year and accounting for approximately
     27.8% of total revenue. The breakdown of the revenue was as follows:


     Revenue from preliminary property management services was approximately RMB1,593.0 million,
     representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 0.8%.


     Revenue from pre-delivery services was approximately RMB839.5 million, representing a year-on-year
     increase of approximately 81.1%.

26
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




Revenue from repair and maintenance services was approximately RMB364.1 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of approximately 5,442.2%, attributable to the full-year effect of the trial services
launched in 2019.


Revenue from property transaction assistance services was approximately RMB126.6 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 77.1%.


The increase in revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was mainly attributable to
the increase in the number of new projects launched and the delivery of a large number of projects,
and the steady growth of business such as preliminary introduction services, pre-delivery services and
property transaction assistance services.


Cost of sales
The cost of sales of the Group amounted to approximately RMB6,502.7 million, a year-on-year increase
of approximately 16.6%.


The increase in cost of sales was mainly due to the increase in greening and cleaning expenses,
subcontracting costs of security, maintenance costs and raw material costs driven by the continuous
increase in area under management.


Gross profit and gross profit margin
The following table sets forth the breakdown of gross profit and gross profit margin by business
segments of the Group for the periods indicated:

                                      Gross profit  Gross profit           Gross profit     Gross profit
                                          in 2020 margin in 2020              in 2019     margin in 2019
                                       (RMB’ 000)            (%)           (RMB’ 000)                 (%)

 Property management services           2,120,998               33.6           816,460               17.7
 Community value-added
   services                               801,955               63.4           328,821               57.4
 Value-added services to
   non-property owners                  1,083,202               37.1           609,702               28.4
 Total                                  4,006,155               38.1         1,754,983               23.9


During the year, the overall gross profit of the Group was approximately RMB4,006.2 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 128.3%.




                                                                                                              27
     The gross profit margin of property management services was approximately 33.6%, an increase of
     15.9 percentage points from 17.7% in 2019, which was mainly attributable to: (i) the increase of the
     proportion of newly delivered property management projects with relatively higher property management
     fees; (ii) its enhanced effort to charge property management fee for parking spaces which were not
     chargeable in the past; (iii) continuously investing in technology to reduce labor dependence and
     improve operational efficiency; (iv) continuously carrying out a series of cost control measures; and (v)
     the decrease in labor costs resulting from the deduction or exemption of social insurance contributions
     by the local governments due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during the current year.


     The gross profit margin of community value-added services was approximately 63.4%, an increase
     of 6.0 percentage points from 57.4% in 2019, which was mainly attributable to: (i) comprehensively
     rationalizing community value-added business models to rectify operating loopholes; (ii) expanding
     the coverage of community value-added services and vigorously developing businesses such as
     community group purchase and living and household services with high demand; and (iii) strengthening
     the development of key businesses such as community media and parking space leasing which had
     relatively higher profit margin, and innovating service content and starting new business such as pre-
     owned property rental and sales assistance.


     The gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners was approximately 37.1%,
     an increase of 8.7 percentage points from 28.4% in 2019, which was mainly attributable to: (i) the
     benefits of economies of scale brought about by the continuous growth of the Group’s business; (ii) the
     expansion of the scale of repair and maintenance services in the warranty period; and (iii) the growing
     business of the pre-delivery services and property transaction assistance services with higher gross
     profit margins.


     Administrative expenses
     During the year, administrative expenses were approximately RMB629.4 million, representing an
     increase of approximately 22.2% from approximately RMB515.1 million for the same period in 2019.


     The increase in administrative expenses was mainly due to: (i) increase in listing expenses; and (ii)
     corresponding increase in management costs with the expansion of business scale.


     Other income
     During the year, other income was approximately RMB149.8 million, an increase of approximately
     125.1% from approximately RMB66.6 million for the same period in 2019.


     The increase in other income was mainly attributable to: (i) the increase in government grants and
     subsidies for employment for COVID-19 pandemic in the current year; (ii) the increase of hiring retired
     soldiers to obtain tax relief and additional input value-added tax deduction for service industry; and
     (iii) the increase in bank interest income arising from the large amount of funds generated from the
     substantial growth of the Company’s performance and the timely collection from customers.

28
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




Other losses
During the year, other losses were approximately RMB46.2 million, an increase of approximately
RMB46.0 million from approximately RMB0.2 million for the same period in 2019.


The increase in other losses was mainly attributable to the net foreign exchange loss arising from the
conversion of the proceeds from the Listing from HK$ into RMB.


Income tax expenses
During the year, income tax expenses were approximately RMB851.4 million, an increase of
approximately 185.1% from approximately RMB298.7 million for the same period in 2019.


The increase in income tax expenses was generally in line with the increase in profit before tax for the
year.


Profit for the year
During the year, profit for the year of the Group was approximately RMB2,647.4 million, an increase of
approximately 184.5% from approximately RMB930.5 million for the same period in 2019.


During the year, profit for the year attributable to owners of the Group was approximately RMB2,648.0
million, an increase of approximately 184.7% from approximately RMB930.2 million for the same period
in 2019.


Property and equipment
The property and equipment of the Group mainly consists of furniture, fitting and equipment, machinery
and vehicles.


As at 31 December 2020, the net value of the property and equipment of the Group was approximately
RMB53.9 million, a decrease of approximately 5.8% from approximately RMB57.2 million as at 31
December 2019, mainly due to the depreciation during the year.


Intangible assets
The intangible assets of the Group comprise goodwill arising from equity acquisitions, property
contracts, customer relationships and software assets.


As at 31 December 2020, intangible assets of the Group amounted to approximately RMB127.7
million, an increase of approximately RMB127.3 million from approximately RMB0.4 million as at 31
December 2019, mainly due to: (i) approximately RMB61.8 million of customer relationship and property
management contracts was recognized from acquisition of companies; (ii) goodwill amounted to
approximately RMB56.6 million was recognized from acquisition of companies; and (iii) purchasing of
software.

                                                                                                           29
     Trade and other receivables
     As at 31 December 2020, trade and other receivables of the Group amounted to approximately
     RMB4,186.3 million, a decrease of approximately RMB1,070.5 million from approximately RMB5,256.8
     million as at 31 December 2019, mainly due to: (i) the decrease in trade receivables resulted from the
     settlement from major customers, including China Evergrande, and the improvement of collection rate
     after the increasing efforts to collect property management fees from property owners, and (ii) the
     decrease in other receivables mainly attributable to the decrease in payments on behalf of property
     owners, resulting from delivering the water and electricity meters to the municipal department and
     promoting the transformation of prepaid card plug-in water and electricity meters.

     Trade and other payables
     As at 31 December 2020, trade and other payables amounted to approximately RMB4,126.4
     million, an increase of approximately RMB1,157.3 million from approximately RMB2,969.1 million as
     at 31 December 2019, which was mainly due to the increase in the costs of the Group’s material
     procurement, labor outsourcing, cleaning service and energy consumption expenses as a result of its
     business expansion.


     Contract liabilities
     Contract liabilities mainly arise from advance payments made by customers for related services such as
     property management services and community value-added services that have not yet been provided.


     Contract liabilities increased from approximately RMB2,285.3 million as at 31 December 2019 to
     approximately RMB2,725.8 million as at 31 December 2020, an increase of approximately RMB440.5
     million. The increase was mainly due to the increase in the chargeable area under management and the
     increase in prepayment of property service fees.


     Liquidity and financial resources
     As at 31 December 2020, the total bank deposits and cash of the Group, comprising the Group’s cash
     and cash equivalents and restricted cash, amounted to approximately RMB12,604.1 million, an increase
     of approximately RMB11,919.6 million from approximately RMB684.5 million as at 31 December 2019.
     The increase in bank deposits and cash was primarily due to the funds raised by the Group from the
     Listing and large amount of funds generated from substantial growth of the Group’s performance, as
     well as the timely collection from customers.


     As at 31 December 2020, the net current assets of the Group were approximately RMB9,698.1 million
     (31 December 2019: approximately RMB1,637.5 million). The Group’s current ratio (current assets/
     current liabilities) was approximately 2.37 times (31 December 2019: approximately 1.29 times).


     As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any borrowings. Accordingly, the gearing ratio (as
     calculated by dividing total borrowings less lease liabilities by total equity as at the date indicated and
     multiplied by 100%) as at 31 December 2020 was nil.
30
                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          Annual Report 2020




Major Risks and Uncertainties
The main risks and uncertainties faced by the Group are set forth below. Such factors are not
exhaustive and therefore other risks and uncertainties may also exist.


Industry risks
The operation of the Group may be affected by the regulatory landscape of the industry and related
measures. The main reason is that the fees charged by property companies for management services
are strictly monitored and supervised by relevant regulatory authorities. The business performance of
the Group depends on contract area, chargeable area under management and the number of projects
under management. The business growth are affected and will likely continue to be affected by the PRC
government’s regulations on the industry where the Group belongs.


Business risks
Whether the Group can maintain or improve its current profitability depends on whether it can
effectively control operating costs. The Group’s profit margin and operating results may be significantly
and adversely affected by the increase in labor costs or other operating costs. The Group cannot
guarantee that it will be able to secure new property service contracts according to its plan or pursuant
to appropriate schedule and price. The Group may not be able to recover related income including
property management fees from customers, resulting in possible impairment losses in receivables. In
the event of termination of or failure to renew a substantial number of property service contracts, the
business, financial conditions and operating results of the Group will be significantly and adversely
affected.


Foreign exchange risks
The business of the Group is mainly concentrated in China. Save for bank deposits denominated in
foreign currencies, there is no major direct exchange rate fluctuation risk faced by the Group. During
the year, the Directors expected that the RMB exchange rate would not have a material adverse effect
on the operations of the Group. The management will continue to monitor foreign exchange risks and
adopt prudent measures to reduce potential exchange risks.


Employees and Remuneration Policies
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had approximately 42,244 employees. During the year, the total
staff cost was approximately RMB3,861.9 million.


Employees’ remuneration package includes salary, performance bonus and other cash subsidies. The
remuneration of employees is determined in accordance with the Group’s remuneration and welfare
policies with reference to the positions of employees, performance, profitability of the Company,
industry level and market environment.




                                                                                                            31
     The Group has to participate in social insurance contribution plans or other retirement plans organized
     by local governments, and make contributions to social insurance funds monthly on behalf of employees
     for the payment of pension funds, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance,
     unemployment insurance and housing provident funds, or make contributions to mandatory provident
     fund for employees regularly.


     Staff Training and Development
     Based on the three-level training mechanism of “headquarters-region-project”, the Group is committed
     to implement a 3-year campus recruitment programme for management trainees, trainings for new
     employees and key talent trainings. The Group organizes and conducts trainings on various professional
     skills, general aptitude, management ability and corporate culture in accordance with our business
     development needs and employee career planning, in order to improve the comprehensive quality and
     work capabilities of employees.


     Under the influence of the pandemic, the Group’s various trainings were mainly conducted online in
     the year of 2020. During the year, more than 72,000 training sessions were carried out, with a total of
     102,000 class hours and 700,000 attendances.


     Pledge of Assets
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group had no assets pledged.


     Contingent Liabilities
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


     Significant Investment, Material Acquisitions and Disposal of Subsidiaries and
     Associated Companies
     Acquisition of shares in Nanchang Xinya Property
     On 4 September 2020, the Group signed an equity transfer agreement for the acquisition of 100%
     shares in Nanchang Xinya Property at a consideration of RMB30.7 million which was determined after
     arm’s length negotiation, and the change of equity ownership and business registration for 51% equity
     interests was completed on 25 September 2020.


     Acquisition of shares in Chengdu Wellspo Property
     On 5 September 2020, the Group signed an equity transfer agreement for the acquisition of 100%
     shares in Chengdu Wellspo Property at a consideration of RMB39 million which was determined after
     arm’s length negotiation, and the change of equity ownership and business registration for the 100%
     equity interests was completed on 2 November 2020.




32
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




Acquisition of shares in Zunyi Zhongxin Property
On 8 September 2020, the Group signed an equity transfer agreement for the acquisition of 100%
shares in Zunyi Zhongxin Property at a consideration of approximately RMB19.1 million which was
determined after arm’s length negotiation, and the change of equity ownership and business registration
for the 100% equity interests was completed on 19 October 2020.


Acquisition of shares in Hubei Guanbo Property
On 10 September 2020, the Group signed an equity transfer agreement for the acquisition of 51%
shares in Hubei Guanbo Property at a consideration of approximately RMB12.2 million which was
determined after arm’s length negotiation, and the change of equity ownership and business registration
for the 51% equity interests was completed on 12 October 2020.


Acquisition of shares in Yongkang Jiahua Property
On 10 September 2020, the Group signed an equity transfer agreement for the acquisition of 100%
shares in Yongkang Jiahua Property at a consideration of RMB20 million which was determined after
arm’s length negotiation, and the change of equity ownership and business registration for the 100%
equity interests was completed on 14 October 2020.


Save for the information disclosed above, the Group had no significant investment and disposal of
subsidiaries and associated companies during the current year.


Events After the Reporting Period
As at 28 February 2021, the Group’s business covered 310 cities across the country and the Group
has entered into contracts and provided services to 2,792 projects, servicing 3.01 million property
owners. Specifically, subsequent to the end of the current year and up to 28 February 2021, the Group
has signed contracts for external expansion and mergers and acquisitions in respect of properties with
an accumulated contracted area of approximately 115 million sq.m. and area under management of
approximately 110 million sq.m., and 36 new urban public service projects have been secured.


On 29 January 2021, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire the 100% equity interests in
Ningbo Yatai Hotel Property Services Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Ningbo Yatai Group”)
at cash consideration of RMB1,500 million.


Upon the completion of the aforesaid acquisition, Ningbo Yatai Group will become a subsidiary of the
Group.




                                                                                                           33
     Directors and Senior Management
     Executive Directors

     Mr. Zhao Changlong (趙長龍), aged 56, was appointed as our executive Director and chairman of our
     Board on September 23, 2020. He is primarily responsible for the overall management and strategic
     planning of the Group. Mr. Zhao joined the Group in August 2007 and has been serving as the chairman
     of the board of the Group since July 2020, where he is responsible for its overall management.


     Mr. Zhao has over 21 years of experience in the property development and property management
     industries. Mr. Zhao joined the Evergrande Group in September 2003 and has served in various
     positions in subsidiaries of the Evergrande Group. From September 2003 to February 2005, Mr. Zhao
     served as the general manager of Maoming Evergrande Steel Group Co., Ltd. (茂名恒大鋼鐵集團有
     限公司), a metal materials manufacturer, where he was primarily responsible for its overall operations.
     From February 2005 to August 2007, Mr. Zhao successively served as a vice president, an assistant
     to the president and the general manager of the development center of Evergrande Real Estate, where
     he was primarily responsible for its development management. From August 2007 to July 2020, Mr.
     Zhao served various positions in district companies including the chairman of the board and the general
     manager of Evergrande Real Estate Group (Xi’an) Co., Ltd (恒大地產集團西安有限公司), the chairman
     of the board of Evergrande Real Estate Group (Jiangxi) Co., Ltd (恒大地產集團江西有限公司) and the
     chairman of the board of Evergrande Real Estate Group (Shanxi) Co., Ltd (恒大地產集團山西有限公司),
     where he was primarily responsible for the operations and management of district companies including
     their property management business. Mr. Zhao has also been serving as a director of Evergrande Real
     Estate since November 2017.


     Prior to joining the Evergrande Group, from March 1998 to July 2003, Mr. Zhao served as an assistant
     president and later as an assistant to the president and the general manager of the development center
     of Guangzhou Evergrande Industrial Group Co., Ltd. (廣州恒大實業集團有限公司), a property developer,
     where he was primarily responsible for its development management.


     Mr. Zhao graduated from the Shenyang Metallurgical Machinery School (沈陽冶金機械專科學校) with
     a diploma in metallurgy and heat treatment in the PRC in July 1986. Mr. Zhao graduated from the
     Zhengzhou University of Technology (鄭州工業大學) with a major in industrial engineering in the PRC in
     December 1997.




34
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




Mr. Hu Liang (胡亮), aged 33, was appointed as our executive Director on September 23, 2020.
Mr. Hu joined the Group in July 2008 and has been serving as the general manager of the Group
since March 2020. He is primarily responsible for the formulation of group policies and daily business
operation of the Group. He currently holds directorships in a number of subsidiaries of the Group.

Mr. Hu has over 13 years of experience in the property management industry. Mr. Hu joined the
Evergrande Group in July 2008 and has served in various positions in subsidiaries of the Evergrande
Group. From July 2008 to November 2009, Mr. Hu served as a quality management staff of Evergrande
Real Estate, where he was primarily responsible for its quality management work. From November 2009
to November 2010, Mr. Hu served as a project deputy general manager of the Guangzhou branch of
Jinbi Property, where he was primarily responsible for property management services for such project.
From November 2010 to March 2014, Mr. Hu served as an assistant to the general manager of the
Nanning branch of Jinbi Property and as a deputy general manager of Qinzhou Evergrande Lvzhou
Customer Services Center (欽州恒大綠洲客服中心), where he was primarily responsible for the quality
management of its operations as well as the management of the customer services center. From March
2014 to April 2015, Mr. Hu served as an assistant to the general manager of Evergrande Real Estate
Group (Nanning) Co., Ltd. (恒大地產集團南寧有限公司), where he was primarily responsible for the
management of its property management services. From April 2015 to July 2015, Mr. Hu served as the
chairman of the board of the Shijiazhuang branch of Jinbi Property, where he was responsible for its
overall management. From July 2015 to December 2016, Mr. Hu served as a deputy general manager
of Evergrande Real Estate Group (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (恒大地產集團北京有限公司), where he was primarily
responsible for the management of its property management services. From January 2017 to July 2017,
Mr. Hu served as the general manager of property operational management center of Evergrande Group
Co., Ltd. (恒大集團有限公司), where he was primarily responsible for the management of its property
management services. From July 2017 to March 2020, Mr. Hu successively served as an executive
deputy general manager of the property management center and the general manager of the property
management center of Evergrande Real Estate, where he was primarily responsible for the management
of its property management services.

Mr. Hu obtained a bachelor’s degree in sociology from the Northwest A&F University (西北農林科技大學)
in the PRC in July 2008. Mr. Hu is currently an honorary vice president of China Property Management
Association (中國物業管理協會) and a vice president of Guangdong Property Management Association
(廣東省物業管理協會).




                                                                                                         35
     Mr. Wang Zhen (王震), aged 36, was appointed as our executive Director on September 23, 2020. Mr.
     Wang joined the Group in January 2015 and has been serving as the deputy general manager of the
     Group since March 2020. He is primarily responsible for business operation planning, human resources,
     administrative management and bidding and procurement of the Group.


     Mr. Wang has over 13 years of experience in human resources and administrative management. Mr.
     Wang joined the Evergrande Group in July 2008 and has served in various positions in subsidiaries of
     the Evergrande Group. From July 2008 to January 2015, Mr. Wang successively served as a personnel
     management staff, a deputy manager of the administration and personnel department, a manager of
     the administration and personnel department and a deputy general manager of Evergrande Yuanlin
     Group Co., Ltd. (恒大園林集團有限公司) (“Evergrande Yuanlin”), a company principally engaged in the
     provision of landscape engineering and design services, and was primarily responsible for its human
     resources, administrative management, legal and internal control management. From January 2015
     to July 2017, Mr. Wang successively served as an assistant to the general manager and a deputy
     general manager of the property management center of Evergrande Real Estate, where he was primarily
     responsible for its human resources, administrative management and training management. Mr. Wang
     served as a deputy general manager of the Beijing branch of Evergrande Real Estate and chairman of
     the board of the Beijing branch of Jinbi Property in July 2017, and was responsible for the management
     of the property management services. From July 2017 to March 2020, Mr. Wang served as an executive
     deputy general manager of the property management center of Evergrande Real Estate, where he was
     primarily responsible for human resources, administrative management and training management.


     Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in English from Tianjin University of Commerce (天津商業大
     學) in the PRC in June 2008 and a master’s degree in project management from Wuhan University of
     Science and Technology (武漢科技大學) in the PRC in June 2017.




36
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




Ms. An Lihong (安麗紅), aged 50, was appointed as our executive Director on September 23, 2020.
Ms. An joined the Group in April 2015 and has been serving as a deputy general manager of the Group
since March 2020. She is primarily responsible for finance and costs management of the Group.


Ms. An has over 28 years of experience in accounting and financial management. Ms. An joined
the Evergrande Group in August 2003. From August 2003 to December 2006, Ms. An served as
an accountant at Evergrande Real Estate, where she was responsible for its revenue and cost
management. From December 2006 to February 2009, Ms. An served as a deputy financial manager
of Guangzhou Yuexiu Residential Construction Engineering Co., Ltd. (廣州市越秀住宅建築工程有限公
司), a company principally engaged in real estate related business, where she was primarily responsible
for its financial management. From February 2009 to January 2020, Ms. An served various positions in
the finance center of the Evergrande Real Estate, including a deputy manager of the finance department
two, a manager of the finance department two, a manager of the finance department one, a deputy
general manager and a district financial manager of the finance center. From January 2020 to March
2020, Ms. An served as a deputy general manager of the property management center of Evergrande
Real Estate, where she was primarily responsible for the financial management.


Prior to joining the Evergrande Group, from July 1993 to March 2001, Ms. An served as an
accountant at Harbin Zhengda Construction Enterprise Group Co., Ltd. (哈爾濱正大建築企業集團有
限公司), a company principally engaged in real estate and construction related business, where she
was responsible for its financial accounting. From March 2001 to August 2003, Ms. An served as a
director of the accounting and finance department of Xinheng Group Co., Ltd. (信恒集團有限公司), a
company principally engaged in real estate and construction related business, where she was primarily
responsible for its financial accounting management.


Ms. An obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Northeast Agricultural University (東北農業大學)
in the PRC in July 2004. Ms. An was admitted as a certified public accountant granted by the Harbin
Finance Bureau (哈爾濱市財政局) in April 1998 and an intermediate accountant by the MOF in May
2000.




                                                                                                         37
     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent (陳鎮洪), aged 57, was appointed as our independent non-executive
     Director on November 13, 2020. Mr. Chan is responsible for providing independent advice on the
     operations and management of our Board.


     Mr. Chan has over 26 years of experience in private equity management. Mr. Chan was the senior
     manager of HSBC Private Equity Management Limited, a company principally engaged in investment
     management, from October 1991 to October 1994, the director of Suez Asia Holdings (Hong Kong)
     Limited, a company principally engaged in investment management, from February 1997 to November
     2000, the managing director and corporate director of JAFCO Investment (Asia Pacific) Ltd., a company
     principally engaged in private equity investment, from November 2000 to November 2007, and the
     chief executive officer of Spring Capital Asia, Limited, a company principally engaged in private equity
     investment, from October 2007 to December 2015. Mr. Chan has been the senior managing director
     of Samena Capital Hong Kong Limited, a company principally engaged in private equity investment,
     since January 2016. He has been an independent non-executive director of CN Logistics International
     Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2130) since
     September 2020 and a non-executive director of Memories Group Limited, a company listed on the
     Catalist board of the Singapore Stock Exchange since February 2019.


     Mr. Chan was a member of the Public Shareholders Group of the SFC from July 2005 to March 2011
     and a member of the Main Board and GEM Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange from May 2007 to
     May 2012. Mr. Chan is currently the president and executive director of the Hong Kong Venture Capital
     and Private Equity Association. Mr. Chan is currently a committee member of the 15th election of the
     Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference in Chengdu (中國人民政治協商會議成都市委員會).
     Mr. Chan has been a member of the Main Board and GEM Listing Review Committees of the Stock
     Exchange since July 2020.


     Mr. Chan obtained a bachelor’s degree in arts from The University of Hong Kong in November 1986 and
     a master’s degree in business administration from The Victoria University of Manchester in the United
     Kingdom in July 1988. He was admitted as a chartered financial analyst of The Institute of Chartered
     Financial Analysts in September 1993.




38
                                             EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        Annual Report 2020




Mr. Victor Huang (黃偉德), aged 49, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on
November 13, 2020. Mr. Huang is responsible for providing independent advice on the operations and
management of our Board.

Mr. Huang has over 28 years of experience in finance, accounting and transaction services. He joined
PricewaterhouseCoopers in Hong Kong in January 1993 and became its partner in July 2005 and
served this role up to June 2014. From July 2014 to August 2017, he served as a partner at KPMG
in Hong Kong. Mr. Huang has served as an independent non-executive director of LBX Pharmacy
Chain Co., Ltd. (老百姓大藥房連鎖股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(stock code: 603883), since February 2018. He has been an independent non-executive director of
Qingdao Haier Biomedical Co., Ltd. (青島海爾生物醫療股份有限公司), a company listed on the Sci-
Tech Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688139), since August 2018. He
has been an independent non-executive director of Manpowergroup Greater China Limited (萬寶盛華大
中華有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2180), since
March 2019. He has been an independent non-executive director of Scholar Education Group (思考樂
教育集團), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1769), since June
2019. He has been an independent non-executive director of Topsports International Holdings Limited
(滔搏國際控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
6110), since September 2019. He has been an independent non-executive director of Cosco Shipping
Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (中遠海運能源運輸股份有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1138), and an independent non-executive Director of New Times
Energy Corporation Limited (新時代能源有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 166) since June 2020. Mr. Huang was an independent non-executive director of
two companies listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange, namely Trinity Limited (利邦控股有限公
司)(stock code: 891) from December 2018 to December 2020, and China Bright Culture Group (煜盛文
化集團) (stock code: 1859) from February 2020 to November 2020, respectively.

Mr. Huang obtained a bachelor’s degree of arts in economics and business from University of
California, Los Angeles in the United States in September 1992. He was admitted as an associate of
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (formerly known as the Hong Kong Society of
Accountants) in June 1996. He was also certified as a qualified independent director of the Shanghai
Stock Exchange in June 2018.




                                                                                                       39
     Mr. Guo Zhaohui (郭朝暉), aged 42, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on
     November 13, 2020. Mr. Guo is responsible for providing independent advice on the operations and
     management of our Board.


     Since October 2004, Mr. Guo has been working at Wuhan University of Science and Technology (武
     漢科技大學), where he successively served various positions including a tutor, lecturer, associate
     professor and master instructor, primarily responsible for human resources management related
     teaching and research work. Mr. Guo has been serving as an independent director at Calxon Group
     Holdings Co., Ltd. (嘉凱城集團股份有限公司), a company principally engaged in the property and
     cinema business whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000918) and a
     subsidiary of China Evergrande Group, since October 2019.


     Mr. Guo obtained a bachelor’s degree in human resources management from Wuhan University
     of Science and Technology (武漢科技大學) in the PRC in June 2001 and a master’s degree in
     administrative management from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (中南財經政法大學)
     in the PRC in June 2004. Mr. Guo received the Associate Professor (Economics and Management)
     Professional Technical Qualification Certificate (副教授（經濟及管理）專業技術資格證書) issued by Hubei
     Title Reform Work Leading Group Office (湖北省職稱改革工作領導小組辦公室) in June 2011 and the
     Qualification Certificate of Independent Director of Listed Company (上市公司獨立董事資格證書) issued
     by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in December 2019.


     Senior Management
     Mr. Fang Shun (方舜), aged 33, joined the Group in November 2015 and has been serving as a deputy
     general manager of the Group since March 2020. He is primarily responsible for community value-
     added business and comprehensive supervison and management.


     Mr. Fang joined the Evergrande Group in July 2011. From July 2011 to June 2013, Mr. Fang served as
     the procurement chief of Guangzhou Evergrande Material and Equipment Co., Ltd. (廣州恒大材料設備
     有限公司), a materials and equipment supplier, where he was primarily responsible for the procurement
     and delivery. From July 2013 to November 2015, Mr. Fang worked at Evergrande Yuanlin with his last
     position as a quality supervision manager of its planning and supervision center, where he was primarily
     responsible for its business supervision and plan management. From November 2015 to March 2020,
     Mr. Fang served various positions at Evergrande Real Estate, with his last position as a deputy general
     manager of the property management center, where he was primarily responsible for its procurement,
     community value-added services and comprehensive business supervision.


     Mr. Fang obtained a bachelor’s degree in polymer materials and engineering from Sun Yat-sen
     University (中山大學) in the PRC in June 2011.




40
                                             EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        Annual Report 2020




Mr. Chen Xiang (陳相), aged 35, joined the Group in August 2012 and has been serving as a deputy
general manager of the Group in March 2020. He is primarily responsible for investment and external
business development.


Mr. Chen joined the Evergrande Group in August 2012. From August 2012 to October 2015, Mr.
Chen first served as a deputy general manager and project general manager of the Wuhan branch of
Jinbi Property, and later served as its deputy general manager where he was primarily responsible for
management of property management projects and quality management of its operations. From October
2015 to February 2016, Mr. Chen served as an assistant to the general manager of the property
management center of Evergrande Real Estate, where he was primarily responsible for its property
business supervision and planning management. From February 2016 to August 2016, Mr. Chen
served as a deputy general manager of Evergrande Real Estate Guangdong Real Estate Development
Co., Ltd. (恒大地產集團廣東房地產開發有限公司) (“Evergrande Guangdong Real Estate”), where he
was primarily responsible for its property management business. From August 2016 to July 2017 Mr.
Chen worked at Evergrande Real Estate, with his last position as an assistant to the general manager
of its property management center, where he was primarily responsible for the quality management of
property management services. From July 2017 to March 2020, Mr. Chen served as a deputy general
manager of the Evergrande Real Estate Chongqing Co., Ltd. (恒大地產集團重慶有限公司) and the
chairman of Jinbi Property Chongqing Branch, where he was responsible for its property management
business.


Prior to joining the Evergrande Group, from April 2007 to August 2012, Mr. Chen worked at Wuhan
Vanke Property Services Co., Ltd. (武漢市萬科物業服務有限公司), a property developer and a
subsidiary of China Vanke Co., Ltd. (萬科企業股份有限公司) whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 000002) and the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2202), with his last
position as a department manager.


Mr. Chen graduated from the Military Economy School of the People’s Liberation Army (中國人民解放
軍軍事經濟學院) with a diploma in logistics management in the PRC in June 2005 and a bachelor’s
degree in computer sciences and technology from the Artillery School of the People’s Liberation Army
(中國人民解放軍炮兵學院) in the PRC in June 2007 through online learning.




                                                                                                        41
     Mr. Han Chao (韓超), aged 32, joined the Group in January 2015 and has been serving as a deputy
     general manager of the Group since March 2020. He is primarily responsible for quality management of
     property services, brand promotion and informatization construction business.

     Mr. Han joined the Evergrande Group in July 2011. From July 2011 to July 2013, Mr. Han served as
     an inspector of the supervision center of Evergrande Real Estate, where he was primarily responsible
     for its internal discipline supervision. From July 2013 to January 2015, Mr. Han successively served as
     a deputy manager of the procurement department and a deputy manager of the engineering service
     center of Evergrande Yuanlin, where he was primarily responsible for its procurement and engineering
     management. From January 2015 to May 2015, Mr. Han served as an assistant to the project general
     manager of the Guangzhou branch of Jinbi Property, where he was primarily responsible for the
     management of its property management projects. From May 2015 to November 2015, Mr. Han
     successively served as an assistant to the manager of the planning and supervision center and a staff
     of the property management center of Evergrande Real Estate, where he was primarily responsible for
     assisting in the supervision and procurement management. From November 2015 to May 2016, Mr.
     Han served as a quality management staff of the Changsha branch of Jinbi Property, where he was
     primarily responsible for assisting in improving the quality of property management services. From May
     2016 to March 2017, Mr. Han worked at the property management center of Evergrande Real Estate,
     where he was primarily responsible for assisting in improving the quality of property management
     services. From March 2017 to May 2018, Mr. Han served as an assistant to the project general
     manager of the Guangzhou branch of Jinbi Property, where he was primarily responsible for property
     management of such project. From May 2018 to March 2020, Mr. Han successively served as a deputy
     director of the quality management department of the property management center and an assistant
     to the general manager of the property management center of Evergrande Real Estate, where he was
     primarily responsible for the quality management of property management services. From March 2020
     to March 2021, Mr. Han served as a general manager of the Group, mainly responsible for the quality
     management of property management services.

     Mr. Han obtained a bachelor’s degree in museology from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July
     2011.

     Company Secretary
     Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy (方家俊), aged 45, was appointed as our company secretary on
     September 23, 2020 and is responsible for company secretarial matters of the Group.

     Mr. Fong has extensive experience in mergers, acquisitions and capital markets. Mr. Fong worked at
     DLA Piper, an international law firm in Hong Kong, from September 1999 to September 2001, and
     Sidley Austin, a global law firm in Hong Kong, from September 2001 to July 2006. From July 2006
     to March 2009, Mr. Fong served as a director in the investment banking division of Royal Bank of
     Scotland (previously known as ABN AMRO Bank N.V.) where he was primarily responsible for mergers
     and acquisitions and equity capital market fund raising. He has joined China Evergrande Group since
     June 2009 and is now serving as the company secretary and vice president. He has also served as
     the company secretary of Evergrande Auto since March 2015 and the company secretary of HengTen
     Networks since October 2015.

     Mr. Fong obtained his bachelor’s degree in laws and a postgraduate certificate in laws from The
     University of Hong Kong in December 1997 and September 1998, respectively. He also obtained
     his master’s degree in banking and finance laws from the London School of Economics and Political
     Science, University of London in November 2000. Mr. Fong was admitted as a solicitor in Hong Kong in
     December 2001.
42
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




Corporate Governance Report
The Company recognises the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards
consistently to the enhancement on corporate performance and accountability. The Board is committed
to abide by the principles of good corporate governance to meet legal and commercial standards
and requirements, focusing on areas such as internal control, risk management, fair disclosure and
accountability to the Shareholders.


The Directors are of the view that the Company has been conducting its business according to the
principles of the Corporate Governance Code (“Corporate Governance Code”) set out in Appendix
14, and has complied with all the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code from the date of
Listing on 2 December 2020 (the “Listing Date”) to 31 December 2020.


For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the risk
management and internal control systems of the Company and considers them effective and adequate.


Board of Directors
Composition of the Board
During the year ended 31 December 2020 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board
comprises the following members:


Executive Directors
Mr. Zhao Changlong (Chairman)
Mr. Hu Liang (General Manager)
Mr. Wang Zhen
Ms. An Lihong


Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent
Mr. Victor Huang
Mr. Guo Zhaohui


Biographical details of the current members of the Board are set out on page 34 to 40 of this annual
report. Save for being members of the Board, there is no relationship (including financial, business,
family or other material relationship) between members of the Board.


From the Listing Date to 31 December 2020, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules
3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of (i) at least three independent non-
executive Directors, (ii) independent non-executive directors representing one-third of the Board, and (iii)
at least one independent non-executive Director possesses appropriate professional qualifications, or
accounting or related financial management expertise.



                                                                                                               43
     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a period
     of three years which may be terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by
     either party on the other. Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of
     appointment with the Company for a term of three years which may be terminated by not less than
     three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other. The appointments are subject to the
     provisions of retirement by rotation of Directors under the articles of association of the Company (the
     “Articles”). In accordance with the Articles, at every annual general meeting of the Company (“AGM”),
     one-third of the Directors for the time being or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, the
     number nearest to but not less than one-third shall retire from office by rotation, provided that every
     Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least
     once every three years.


     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual
     confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board was satisfied
     with the independence of the independent non-executive Directors.


     Roles and Duties
     The Board is in charge of formulating strategic business development, reviewing and monitoring the
     business performance of the Group, approving major funds allocation and investment proposals as
     well as preparing and approving the financial statements of the Group. The Board also gives clear
     instructions on the authority delegated to the management in relation to the administration and
     management of the Group.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Offer
     Under code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of the chairman and chief
     executive officer of a listed company should be separated and should not be performed by the
     same individual. The Company has distinguished the roles of chairman and chief executive officer in
     accordance with code provision A.1.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. Mr. Zhao Changlong is
     the chairman of the Board, primarily responsible for providing guidance and formulation of business
     strategies for the overall development of the Group, whereas Mr. Hu Liang is the general manager of
     the Company, primarily responsible for the daily operations, formulation of the overall strategy, business
     planning and operational decisions of the Group.


     The Board is responsible for the internal control of the Group and for reviewing its effectiveness. The
     Company has procedures in place for safeguarding assets against unauthorised use or disposition,
     the maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for
     internal use or publications and the compliance with applicable laws and regulations. For the year
     ended 31 December 2020, the Directors reviewed the overall effectiveness of the internal control and
     risk management systems of the Group. An internal audit department has been established to perform
     regular financial and operational reviews and conduct audit and risk management assessment on the
     Company and its subsidiaries. The work carried out by the internal audit department will ensure the
     internal controls and risk management systems are in place and function properly as planned.
44
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




The external auditors will report to the Company on the weakness in the Group’s internal control and
accounting procedures which have come to their attention during the course of their audit work.


The Board is responsible for performing the following corporate governance duties: (a) to formulate and
review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to
the Board; (b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors
and senior management; (c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices in compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (d) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and
compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and (e) to review the Company’s
compliance with the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules and
disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report in the annual report of the Company.


The Board may delegate the corporate governance duties to a committee of the Board. The Board
meets regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. Directors may participate in the meetings either in person, by proxy, or by
means of electronic communications.


Four Board meetings were convened by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2020. At
least 14 days’ notice before the date of the meeting is given for a regular Board meeting to allow all
Directors to make arrangements to attend. For all other Board meetings, reasonable notices were also
given.


The attendance of individual Directors at the Board meetings and general meetings held during the year
ended 31 December 2020 is set out below:

                                                                    Number of meetings attended/
                                                                      Number of meetings held
                                                                         General            Board
 Director                                                               Meeting           Meeting


 Mr. Zhao Changlong                                                            0/0                4/4
 Mr. Hu Liang                                                                  0/0                4/4
 Mr. Wang Zhen                                                                 0/0                3/4
 Ms. An Lihong                                                                 0/0                3/4
 Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent                                                   0/0                1/4
 Mr. Victor Huang                                                              0/0                1/4
 Mr. Guo Zhaohui                                                               0/0                1/4




                                                                                                          45
     Committees of the Board
     The Company has set up the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee in
     respect of the Board.


     Directors’ Training
     During the year under review, all of the Directors of the Company have attended continuous professional
     development training sessions in compliance with Code Provision A.6.5 of the Corporate Governance
     Code.


     The company secretary of the Company has also complied with the 15 hours training requirements
     under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


     Risk Management and Internal Control
     Duties of the Board and the Management
     The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control system and has the responsibility
     to review the effectiveness of the system. The Board is responsible for assessing and determining
     the nature and extent of the risks that the Group is willing to take in achieving strategic objectives,
     and monitoring the establishment and maintenance by the management of appropriate and effective
     risk management and internal control systems. The management is responsible for designing and
     maintaining an effective risk management and internal control system as well as providing confirmations
     to the Board on the effectiveness of the system.


     Sound risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate
     the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute
     assurance that there will be no material misstatements or losses.


     Risk Management
     During the year, the Group established the risk management system structure at the group level to
     guide the risk assessment activities and ongoing risk monitoring activities for various departments by
     way of the following:


     ✓     Established a risk management organizational structure – An organizational structure with
           the audit committee of the Group as the decision-maker and the Chairman, general managers in
           charge of each center and management personnel at all levels as the implementation unit, has
           been established to divide risk management responsibilities and set out clear responsibilities for
           risk management and the risk information reporting route.




46
                                                  EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             Annual Report 2020




The main roles and responsibilities of the risk management system are as follows:

 Roles                     Primary Duties


 Board                     ■   Assess and determine the nature of the risk and the degree of acceptance
   (Decision-maker)            to ensure the achievement of strategic objectives
                           ■   Ensure the establishment and maintenance of an effective risk management
                               and internal control system
                           ■   Supervise management for the design, implementation and monitoring of
                               the risk management and internal control system

 Audit committee           ■
                               Review the structure and responsibilities of risk management and
   (Decision-maker)            continuously monitor its effectiveness, review the basic risk management
                               system
                           ■   Supervise the management for the design, implementation and monitoring
                               of the risk management and internal control system
                           ■   Monitor significant control failures or weaknesses that have been identified
                               during the period, and the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen
                               outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the
                               future have, a material impact on the Company’s financial performance or
                               condition

 Senior management         ■   Responsible for the development of risk management system, regularly
   of the Group                review the Company’s risk management policies and system
   (Leadership)            ■   Design, implement and supervise the risk management work of the Group,
                               report on risk management to the audit committee on a regular basis, and
                               report and disclose significant risk information to the audit committee
                           ■   Provide the audit committee with the confirmation of the effectiveness of
                               the risk management system

 Management at the         ■   Regularly update the list of risks involved in the relevant activities, and carry
  headquarters of              out risk identification and evaluation and other related work
  the Group and            ■   Develop and implement a risk response program for the relevant activities
  management of            ■   Responsible for the implementation of specific risk management measures
  functional               ■   Monitor all kinds of risks involved in the relevant activities, timely report to
  departments                  the risk management coordinator and risk management leadership on risk
  in regional offices          information
  (Implementer)            ■   Conduct other relevant work on risk management

 Internal audit function   ■   As a risk management supervising department, responsible for supervising
                               risk management work of the Group and regional offices




                                                                                                                   47
     ✓     Established the risk assessment criteria – In response to the changes in the internal and
           external operating environment of the Group and taking into account its business nature,
           operation characteristics and strategic objectives and the risk appetite of the management, the
           Group established the risk assessment standards applicable to the Group and carried out the
           assessment on the risks that are most likely to affect the achievement of the corporate objectives
           by using commonly recognized assessment methods and assessment criteria.


     ✓     Established and standardized risk management workflow – A risk management workflow
           covering major steps including identification, assessment, response, monitoring and reporting
           (please refer to chart 1 “Risk management workflow” below for details) has been established to
           systematically organize, mitigate and monitor risks. The main elements include, for the purposes
           of business objectives of the Group, identifying the risk factors that affect the achievement of
           business objectives, assessing the likelihood and potential impacts of each specific risk; adopting
           measures to deal with the risks identified; and continuously monitoring the changes in risks and
           timely adjusting countermeasures.


     ✓     Determined the risk management review frequency – The frequency of risk management
           assessment and reporting of the Group was determined (to be at least once a year), and the
           aforesaid key elements have been incorporated in the Risk Management Manual of the Group to
           standardize the forms and frequency of reporting.



                                                                    g
                                                      p   o rt in       Ide
                                                   Re                         nt
                                                                               ifi c
                                                                                       on
                                                                                   a ti
                                         itoring
                                                       Risk
                                                    management
                                                     workflow                          ent
                                         M on
                                                                                   sm
                                                                               es
                                                                                   s
                                                   Re
                                                        spo               As
                                                               nse

                                      (Chart 1: Risk management workflow)


     During the year, the Board conducted a comprehensive review of the Group ’s risk management
     through the audit committee, identified the top 10 risks facing by its business and adopted the relevant
     countermeasures with the help of external consultants, set out the main department responsible for
     risk management and countermeasures and objectives for improvement, and reported the assessment
     results to the audit committee.



48
                                                   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              Annual Report 2020




Internal Control
The Group has established its own internal control system by making reference to the internal
control and management framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) (please refer to chart 2: COSO internal control management framework). The
Group’s risk management system consists of five interdependent elements, which coordinate and
operate to ensure the effectiveness of internal control functions of the Group. The five elements are:
control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication and monitoring
activities.



                                                                                   pl
                                               n         rt
                                           tio
                                                               Company level          ia
                                          ra         po
                                       pe           Re        om
                                                                                         nc
                                      O                   C

                                                                                            e
                                                                Area of operation
                                   Control environment

                                     Risk assessment
                                                                    Operating Unit
                                     Control activities
                                      Information and                    Functions
                                       communication
                                   Monitoring activities


                        (Chart 2: COSO internal control management framework)


The internal control system of the Group, as an important part of its risk management, is established
based on the risks faced by the Group. The management at the headquarters of the Group, its regional
offices and departments has designed and implemented a series of policies and procedures in view of
the process relating to finance, operation and compliance, and monitors the implementation of these
policies and procedures and their effectiveness.


Internal Audit
The Group has established an internal audit department to be responsible for independent supervision.
Management has developed measures for improvement in view of the vulnerabilities and weaknesses
identified during the internal audit, which are followed up by the comprehensive monitoring center on a
regular basis to ensure the timely implementation of the relevant measures for improvement.


Review of Risk Management and Internal Control System
During the year, the Board, through the audit committee, conducted a review of the risk management
and internal control systems of the Group for the financial year of 2020, covering the Group and its
regional offices. Material and important aspects of control, including financial, operation and compliance
areas, were reviewed, and the changes in natures and severity of major risks as well as the Group’s
ability to cope with the changes in its business were taken into account, and these systems were
considered to be effective and adequate.
                                                                                                             49
     The audit committee has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the Company on
     accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions as well its staff training programs and budget
     and confirmed the adequacy of the same.


     Framework for Disclosure of Inside Information
     The Company has put in place a framework for the handling and disclosure of inside information in
     compliance with the SFO. The framework sets out the procedures and internal controls, including but
     not limited to establishing controls for monitoring business and corporate developments and events so
     that any potential inside information is promptly identified and escalated, restricting access to inside
     information to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis, and ensuring employees
     who are in possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve
     confidentiality, for the handling and dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow
     all the shareholders and stakeholders to assess the latest position of the Group.


     Audit Committee
     The audit committee comprised three members, namely Mr. Victor Huang, chairman of the committee,
     Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent and Mr. Guo Zhaohui, who were all independent non-executive Directors.
     The audit committee adopted the written terms of reference which were basically the same as those set
     forth in the code provision C.3.3 of the Corporate Governance Code. The audit committee is principally
     responsible for the following duties, inter alia:


     •     to provide recommendations on the appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors
           to the Board, approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors and
           handle any issues related to the resignation or dismissal of the auditors;


     •     to review and monitor whether the external auditors are independent and objective and whether
           the audit procedures are effective in accordance with applicable standards;


     •     to formulate and implement policies for the engagement of external auditors for the provision of
           non-audit services;


     •     to monitor the integrity of the financial statements, the annual reports and accounts and the
           interim reports of the Company, and review the material financial reporting judgements therein;


     •     to review the financial control, internal control and risk management systems of the Company;


     •     to discuss the internal control and risk management systems with the management and to ensure
           that the management has discharged its duties of setting up an effective internal control and risk
           management system;




50
                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          Annual Report 2020




•     to review the financial and accounting policies and practices of the Group; and


•     to review the external auditors’ letter to the management, any material queries that the auditors
      made to the management in respect of the accounting records, financial accounts or systems of
      control as well as the management’s response.


As the audit committee was only established on 13 November 2020, no meeting of the committee has
been held from the date of its establishment to 31 December 2020.


For the year ended 31 December 2020, the emolument of the external auditor of the Company for the
annual audit and review of the financial statements of the Company amounted to RMB4.2 million. For
the year ended 31 December 2020, the emolument of the external auditor of the company for non-audit
services amounted to RMB1.1 million.


Remuneration Committee
The remuneration committee’s terms of reference were basically the same as those set forth in code
provision B.1.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. The majority of the members of the remuneration
committee were independent non-executive Directors. The members of the remuneration committee
included Mr. Guo Zhaohui as chairman of the committee, Mr. Victor Huang and Mr. Hu Liang.


The remuneration committee is principally responsible for the following duties:


•     to make recommendations and suggestions to the Board in respect of the remuneration policy
      and structure of the Directors and senior management of the Company and the establishment of
      formal and transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy;


•     to determine the specific remuneration packages of all executive Directors and senior
      management;


•     to review and approve performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and
      objectives resolved by the Board from time to time;


•     to review and approve payments to the executive Directors regarding compensation for their loss
      or termination of office or appointment, to ensure relevant terms of the contracts, and that the
      compensation is fair and not excessive for the Company;


•     to review and approve the arrangements involved in the termination or dismissal of Directors
      due to misconduct, to ensure that those arrangements are determined according to the relevant
      terms of the contracts, and that the compensation is reasonable and appropriate; and




                                                                                                          51
     •     to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his/her own
           remuneration.


     As the remuneration committee was only established on 13 November 2020, no meeting of the
     committee has been held from the date of its establishment to 31 December 2020.


     Nomination Committee
     The nomination committee’s terms of reference were basically the same as those set forth in code
     provision A.5.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. The majority of the members of the nomination
     committee were independent non-executive Directors. The members of the nomination committee are
     Mr. Zhao Changlong as the chairman of the committee, Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent and Mr. Guo
     Zhaohui.


     The nomination committee is principally responsible for the following duties:


     •     to review the structure, size and composition (including skills, diversity, knowledge and
           experience) of the Board on a regular basis, and make recommendations and suggestions to the
           Board on any proposed changes;


     •     to identify individuals with suitable qualifications and diversity to serve as members of the Board,
           and select and nominate the relevant persons to serve as Directors or make recommendations
           and suggestions to the Board in this regard;


     •     to appraise the independence of the independent non-executive Directors in accordance with the
           provisions of applicable laws, regulations and rules; and


     •     to make recommendations and suggestions to the Board regarding the appointment and re-
           appointment of Directors by the Company and succession plan for Directors.


     The Board has also adopted a “Board Diversity Policy” to ensure that the Board has the appropriate
     balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives necessary to enhance the effectiveness of
     the Board and to maintain high standards of corporate governance. Selection of board candidates
     shall be based on a range of diversity perspectives with reference to the Company’s business model
     and specific needs, including but not limited to gender, age, race, language, cultural background,
     educational background, industry experience and professional experience.


     As the nomination committee was only established on 13 November 2020, no meeting of the committee
     has been held from the date of its establishment to 31 December 2020.




52
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




Securities Transactions by the Directors
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
(the “Model Code”) set forth in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the guidelines for Directors’
dealings in the securities of the Company. Following specific enquiries of all the Directors, each Director
confirmed that he/she had complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code in
relation to his/her securities dealings from the Listing Date to 31 December 2020.


Directors’ Responsibilities for the Financial Statements
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements
of the Group in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The
Directors also acknowledge their responsibilities to ensure that the consolidated financial statements of
the Group are published in a timely manner.


Dividend Policy
The Company has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) where the Company would, where
the situation allows, declare dividends to shareholders every year and may declare special dividends
from time to time. In deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount,
the Board will take into consideration the Group’s distributable profits generated during the year, the
financial situation and liquidity of the Group, the investment needs and the retained profits that should
be set aside for future development purposes. While sharing the profit with shareholders, the Company
will also maintain sufficient reserves to meet its liabilities and to ensure the implementation of the
Group’s strategy for future development. The payment of dividend is also subject to any restrictions
under the laws of Cayman Islands, the laws of Hong Kong and the Articles.


Relationship with Controlling Shareholders
The Company has received, from each of Dr. Hui Ka Yan, Xin Xin (BVI) Limited, China Evergrande
Group, Anji (BVI) Limited and CEG Holdings (together the “Undertaking Controlling Shareholders”)
an annual declaration on the compliance with the deed of non-competition (the “Deed”) entered into
by each of them in favour of the Company pursuant to which each of the Undertaking Controlling
Shareholders has unconditionally undertaken to the Company that it/he will not directly or indirectly
participate in, hold any right or interest, or otherwise be involved in any business which may compete
with that of the Group. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and were satisfied that
each of the Undertaking Controlling Shareholders has complied with the Deed from the Listing Date to
31 December 2020.




                                                                                                              53
     Amendments to the Company’s Constitutional Documents
     In preparation for the listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange, the Shareholders have on 13
     November 2020 resolved to adopt the amended and restated Articles in compliance with the Listing
     Rules.


     Shareholders’ Rights
     Right to convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) (including the right of making proposals/
     moving resolutions at the EGM)
     Any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth
     of the paid up share capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at the general meetings of the
     Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”) shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the
     Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of
     any business specified in such requisition, including making proposals or moving resolutions at the
     EGM.


     Eligible Shareholders who wish to convene an EGM for the purpose of making proposals or moving
     resolutions at the EGM must deposit a written requisition (the “Requisition”) signed by the Eligible
     Shareholder(s) concerned to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 23rd
     Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of the
     Company Secretary.


     If within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition the Board has not notified the Eligible Shareholders
     and fails to convene such EGM, the Eligible Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so
     in accordance with the Articles, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s)
     concerned as a result of the failure of the Board to convene such meeting shall be reimbursed to the
     Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned by the Company.


     Right to Nominate Directors for Election at General Meetings
     If a shareholder wishes to propose a person other than a Director of the Company for election as a
     Director, the shareholder must deposit a written notice (the “Notice”) to the principal place of business
     of the Company in Hong Kong at 23rd Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai,
     Hong Kong, or the branch share registrar of the Company, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
     Services Ltd., at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the
     attention of the Company Secretary. The Notice must state clearly the name of the shareholder(s) and
     his/her/their shareholding, the full name of the person proposed for election as a Director, including the
     person’s biographical details as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, and be signed by the
     shareholder concerned (not the person to be nominated).




54
                                                 EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            Annual Report 2020




The Notice must also be accompanied by a letter of consent signed by the person nominated to be
elected on his/her willingness to be elected as a Director. The period for lodgment of the Notice will
commence no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice by the Company of the general
meeting appointed for the election of Directors of the Company and end no later than seven (7) days
prior to the date of such general meeting.


The Notice will be verified by the Company’s branch share registrar and upon their confirmation that the
request is proper and in compliance with the rules of procedures, the Company Secretary will ask the
nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”) and the Board of the Company
to consider to include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting proposing such person to be
elected as a Director.


Disclaimers
The contents of the section headed “Shareholders’ Rights” in this report are for reference only and in
compliance with disclosure requirements, which do not represent and shall not be regarded as legal
or other professional advice to the shareholders. Shareholders should seek their independent legal or
other professional advice as to their rights as shareholders of the Company. The Company disclaims
any liability for all liabilities and losses incurred by the shareholders in reliance upon any contents of the
section headed “Shareholders’ Rights”.


Investor Relations
The Company emphasises communication with institutional investors so as to enhance the transparency
of the Company, and stresses the importance of channels to collect and respond to the opinions of
institutional investors.


During the year under review, the Directors and senior management of the Company participated in
several roadshows and investment meetings. Additionally, the Company released information and
responded to questions from the media through press conferences and the Company’s website, and
communicated with the media on a regular basis.


Shareholders, investors and the media can make enquiries with us by the following methods:


By telephone: (852) 2287 9208
By post: 23rd Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
By email: IR@evergrandeservice.com




                                                                                                                 55
     Report of the Directors
     The Directors is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited financial statements of
     the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.


     Principal Activities
     The Company is one of the largest and fastest-growing integrated property management service
     enterprise in the PRC. It is an all-round property manager and manages a diverse portfolio of properties
     (including mid-to-high-end residential properties, office buildings and commercial properties), and has
     been contracted to manage other types of properties (such as theme parks, industrial parks, healthcare
     complexes, themed towns and schools, etc.).


     Business Review
     General
     A review of the business of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, discussion on the future
     development in the Group’s business, description of possible business risks and uncertainties that the
     Group may be facing are provided in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 10 to 13 and Management
     Discussion and Analysis on pages 14 to 33 of this annual report. An analysis of the key financial
     performance indicators, the interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk of the Group are elaborated in
     the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 14 to 33 of this annual report, and the financial risk
     management objectives and policies of the Group are set out in note 3 to the consolidated financial
     statements. Particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end
     of the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are provided in note 32 to the consolidated financial
     statements.


     Environmental Policies and Performance
     The Group is committed to the long-term sustainability of the environment and communities in which
     it operates. The Group complies with applicable environmental protection laws and regulations
     for its business operations, and has implemented relevant environmental protection measures in
     compliance with applicable laws and regulations of PRC. Further details on the environmental policies
     and performance of the Group are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report to be
     published separately.




56
                                                 EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            Annual Report 2020




Relationship with Stakeholders
The Group recognizes that employees, customers and business partners are keys to its sustainable
development. The Group is committed to establishing a close and caring relationship with its employees,
providing quality services to its customers and enhancing cooperation with its business partners. The
Group provides systematic and extensive training programs to its employees to improve and enhance
their technical and service skills, as well as to supplement their knowledge of industry quality standards
and work place safety standard. Details are elaborated in the Management Discussion and Analysis on
pages 14 to 33 of this annual report.

The Group is dedicated to develop good relationship with suppliers as long-term business partners to
ensure stability of the Group’s businesses. It reinforces business partnerships with suppliers by ongoing
communication in a proactive and effective manner.


Customers satisfaction with services and products has a profound effect on the profitability of the
Group. The Group is dedicated to foster a safe, convenient, healthy and caring community through its
butlers who are on call round-the-clock. The customer-centric culture has guided the Group to forge
ahead and explore new ways to better serve its customers. For example, it has implemented a smart
information platform that utilizes information and intelligent technologies to facilitate online interactions
between its customers and butlers, which enhances customer experience, reduces its reliance on
manual labor and improves operating efficiency.


Financial Statements
The results of the Group for the year are set out in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income of the Group on page 77.


The state of affairs of the Group as at 31 December 2020 is set out in the Consolidated Balance Sheet
on pages 78 and 79.


The cash flows of the Group for the year are set out in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows on
page 81.


Share Capital
Details of the movement in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 21 to the
consolidated financial statements on page 127.




                                                                                                                57
     Dividends
     For reason that the Group’s business is still in a rapid expansion stage after its Listing on 2 December
     2020, the Board resolved not to declare a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2020.


     Reserves
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company during the year are set out in note 22 to the
     financial statements on page 128.


     As at 31 December 2020, the Company’s reserve available for distribution amounted to RMB9,140.1
     million. No dividend was proposed for the year.


     Property and Equipment
     The movements in property and equipment during the year are set out in note 15 to the financial
     statements on pages 121 and 122.


     Major Customers and Suppliers
     The largest customer and the five largest customers of the Group accounted for approximately 2.43%
     and 3.74% respectively of the Company’s revenues for the year ended 31 December 2020.


     For the year ended 31 December 2020, the total amount of purchases made by the Company from the
     largest and the five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 2.49% and 6.53% of the Company’s
     total purchases for the year.


     As far as the Company is aware, none of the Directors, their associates and shareholders who are
     interested in more than 5% of the share capital of the Company had any interest in the five largest
     suppliers and customers noted above.


     Directors
     The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report were:


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Zhao Changlong (appointed on 23 September 2020)
     Mr. Hu Liang (appointed on 23 September 2020)
     Mr. Wang Zhen (appointed on 23 September 2020)
     Ms. An Lihong (appointed on 23 September 2020)




58
                                                 EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            Annual Report 2020




Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent (appointed on 13 November 2020)
Mr. Victor Huang (appointed on 13 November 2020)
Mr. Guo Zhaohui (appointed on 13 November 2020)


The biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section headed
“Profiles of Directors and Senior Management” of this report.


In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles, at each AGM one-third of the Directors for the time
being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third)
shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an AGM
at least once every three years. Accordingly, Mr. Zhao Changlong and Mr. Hu Liang shall retire at the
forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.


In addition, each of Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent, Mr. Victor Huang and Mr. Guo Zhaohui, who
was appointed as an addition to the Board on 13 November 2020 shall only hold office until the next
following general meeting in accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles. Accordingly, each of Mr. Chan
Chun Hung, Vincent, Mr. Victor Huang and Mr. Guo Zhaohui shall retire at the forthcoming AGM and,
being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.


Permitted Indemnity Provisions
The Articles provide that every Director is entitled to be indemnified and secured harmless out of the
assets of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses
which he may incur or sustain by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the
execution of their duty or supposed duty in their respective offices or trusts, except such (if any) as they
shall incur or sustain through their own fraud or dishonesty.


The Group has taken out and maintained directors’ liability insurance for the year ended 31 December
2020, which provides appropriate cover for the Directors. The permitted indemnity provision was in
force during the year ended 31 December 2020 and remained in force as at the date of this report for
the benefit of the Directors.




                                                                                                                59
     Management Contracts
     During the year ended 31 December 2020, no management or administration contract concerning the
     management of the whole or substantial part of any business of the Company was entered into, or
     subsisted at the end of the year.


     Directors’ Service Contracts
     None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract
     with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
     compensation (other than statutory compensation).


     Directors’ Interests in Contracts
     There were no contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business, to which any member of the
     Group was a party and in which a Director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
     indirectly, subsisting at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


     Directors’ Interests in Competing Businesses
     None of the Directors and their respective associates has an interest in any business which competes
     or may compete with the business in which the Group is engaged.


     China Evergrande Group and certain of its subsidiaries, which are beneficially controlled by Dr. Hui Ka
     Yan, the chairman of China Evergrande Group are the controlling shareholders of the Company.


     The controlling shareholders have provided an annual confirmation in respect of the compliance with the
     non-competition undertaking given by them.


     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance by the controlling shareholders
     with the non-compliance undertaking. The independent non-executive Directors have confirmed that, as
     far as they can ascertain, there has been no breach by any of the controlling shareholders of the non-
     competition undertaking given by them.


     Directors’ Benefits from Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures
     At no time during the year was the Company, any of its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries a
     party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares
     in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.




60
                                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                          Annual Report 2020




Directors’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and
Debenture
As at 31 December 2020, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as
recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

(i)    Interest in shares and underlying shares of associated corporations of the Company
                                                                                                    Number of        Approximate
                                                                                                        shares      percentage of
         Name of Director            Name of associated corporations                                interested       shareholding


         Mr. Zhao Changlong China Evergrande Group                                                  7,800,000(1)              0.06%
                            HengTen Networks Group Limited                                           1,000,000                0.00%

         Mr. Hu Liang                China Evergrande Group                                         3,300,000(2)              0.02%
                                     China Evergrande New Energy Vehicle
                                       Group Limited                                                       5,000              0.00%

         Mr. Wang Zhen               China Evergrande Group                                         1,300,000(2)              0.01%

         Ms. An Lihong               China Evergrande Group                                           250,000(2)              0.00%

       Notes:
       (1)      This includes the interests in the share options of China Evergrande Group involving 6,600,000 shares that have not been
                exercised as at the Latest Practicable Date.

       (2)      These interests are the share options of China Evergrande Group.



(ii)   Interest in debentures of associated corporations of the Company
                                                                                                                           Amount of
                                                                                                       Amount of          debentures
                                           Name of associated                      Currencies of      debentures       in same class
         Name of Director                  corporations                             debentures              held             in issue


         Mr. Victor Huang                  China Evergrande Group                           US$           200,000      1,000,000,000

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors, chief executives of the
Company or their respective associates had any other interests or short positions in the Shares,
underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the
SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


                                                                                                                                           61
     Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders
     So far as is known to any Director or chief executive of the Company, as at 31 December 2020, the
     following persons had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to
     be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which
     were recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO or were otherwise
     notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange:

                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                   Interest in     percentage of
          Name of shareholder            Capacity in which interests are held                                         Shares        shareholding


          Dr. Hui                Interest in controlled corporation                                         6,486,619,000(1)                60.00%
          Mrs. Hui               Spouse interest                                                            6,486,619,000(2)                60.00%
          Xin Xin (BVI)          Interest in controlled corporation and
                                    beneficial owner                                                        6,486,619,000(3)                60.00%
          China Evergrande Group Interest in control corporation                                            6,486,619,000(4)                60.00%
          Anji (BVI)             Interest in controlled corporation                                         6,383,074,000(5)                59.04%
          Shengjian (BVI)        Interest in controlled corporation                                         6,383,074,000(5)                59.04%
          CEG Holdings           Beneficial owner                                                           6,383,074,000(5)                59.04%

     Notes:


     1.        Such shares are held by China Evergrande Group and its subsidiaries. Dr. Hui Ka Yan (“Dr. Hui”) is the controlling shareholder of China
               Evergrande Group and is deemed to be interested in such shares under the SFO.


     2.        Mrs. Hui is the spouse of Dr. Hui and is deemed to be interested in the same interest of Dr. Hui in the Company under the SFO.


     3.        Xin Xin (BVI) is a company wholly owned by Dr. Hui and is the direct controlling shareholder of China Evergrande Group. Xin Xin (BVI) is
               deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Evergrande Group in the Company under the SFO.


     4.        Of the 6,486,619,000 Shares, 6,383,074,000 Shares are held by China Evergrande Group through its subsidiaries and 103,545,000 Shares
               are held directly by China Evergrande Group.


     5.        CEG Holdings is directly owned as to 50% by China Evergrande Group and as to 50% by Shengjian (BVI). Shengjian (BVI) is wholly owned
               by Anji (BVI), which is in turn wholly owned by China Evergrande Group. By virtue of the SFO, Shengjian (BVI) and Anji (BVI) and China
               Evergrande Group are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by CEG Holdings Limited.



     Subsidiaries
     Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2020 are set out in note 31 to the
     financial statements on page 139.




62
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




Continuing Connected Transactions
During the year, the Group had the following transactions and arrangements with connected persons
(as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company which constituted continuing connected transactions
for the Company and are required to be reported in this annual report in compliance with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:


1.    Car Parking Space Leasing
      On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master car parking space leasing agreement
      (the “Master Car Parking Space Leasing Agreement”) with China Evergrande Group, pursuant
      to which the Group will lease from the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of China
      Evergrande Group (the “Evergrande Associates”) certain car parking spaces (the “Car Parking
      Spaces”) situated in the residential and commercial properties developed by the Evergrande
      Associates and managed by the Group for subleasing to residents and tenants in such residential
      and commercial properties. The Master Car Parking Space Leasing Agreement has a term
      commencing from the Listing Date until 31 December 2022.


      The rent to be paid by the Group for the lease of the Car Parking Spaces is determined after
      arm’s length negotiations with reference to, among others, the prevailing market rent of car
      parking spaces in similar locations and similar properties and the number and occupancy rate of
      the Car Parking Spaces leased by the Group from the Evergrande Associates.


      It is estimated that the maximum amounts of rent fee payable by the Group for the leasing of the
      Car Parking Spaces for the year ended 31 December 2020 would not exceed RMB121.8 million.
      During the year, the total transaction amount under the Master Car Parking Space Leasing
      Agreement was approximately RMB90.1 million.


2.    Procurement of Goods and Services
      On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master procurement agreement (the
      “Master Procurement Agreement”) with China Evergrande Group, pursuant to which the Group
      agreed to procure from the Evergrande Associates certain goods and services, including but
      not limited to (i) maintenance materials and parts for use in the Group’s operations; (ii) office and
      communication equipment; (iii) staff uniforms and other consumables; and (iv) gardening services
      (the “Procurement”). The Master Procurement Agreement has a term commencing from the
      Listing Date until 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                              63
          The fee to be paid by the Group for the Procurement is determined after arm’s length negotiations
          with reference to (i) the catalog prices (if available) of goods from the Evergrande Associates and
          other independent third-party suppliers; and (ii) the prevailing market price of similar goods and
          services (having taken into account the scope of services and the anticipated operational costs
          including but not limited to labor costs and costs of materials).


          It is estimated that the maximum amounts of fees payable by the Group for the Procurement for
          the ended 31 December 2020 would not exceed RMB146.1 million. During the year, the total
          transaction amount under the Master Procurement Agreement was approximately RMB122.1
          million.


     3.   Recreation Center Operational Management Services
          On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master recreation center operational
          management services agreement (the “Master Recreation Center Operational Management
          Services Agreement”) with China Evergrande Group, pursuant to which the Group agreed to
          provide operational management services (the “Recreation Center Operational Management
          Services”) with respect to recreation centers situated in the residential and commercial properties
          developed and owned by the Evergrande Associates. The Master Recreation Center Operational
          Management Services Agreement has a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31
          December 2022.


          The fee to be charged for the Recreation Center Operational Management Services is determined
          after arm’s length negotiations with reference to the prevailing market rate (having taken into
          account the location and condition of the recreation centers, the scope of services and the
          anticipated operational costs including but not limited to labor costs, administrative costs and
          costs of materials).


          It is estimated that the maximum amounts of service fee payable to the Group in relation to the
          Recreation Center Operational Management Services for the year ended 31 December 2020
          would not exceed RMB4.2 million. During the year, the total transaction amount under the Master
          Recreation Center Operational Management Services Agreement was approximately RMB4.0
          million.




64
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




4.   Property Transaction Assistance Services
     On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master property transaction assistance
     services agreement (the “Master Property Transaction Assistance Services Agreement”) with
     China Evergrande Group, pursuant to which the Group agreed to provide transaction assistance
     services in respect of (i) the leasing to third parties of properties (excluding car parking spaces)
     owned by the Evergrande Associates for commercial use; and (ii) the sales to third parties of
     the car parking spaces situated in residential and commercial properties developed by the
     Evergrande Associates (the “Property Transaction Assistance Services”). The Master Property
     Transaction Assistance Services Agreement has a term commencing from the Listing Date until
     31 December 2022.


     The fee to be charged for the Property Transaction Assistance Services is determined after
     arm’s length negotiations with reference to (i) the rental and GFA of the properties to be leased
     through the Property Transaction Assistance Services, (ii) the selling price and number of car
     parking spaces to be sold through the Property Transaction Assistance Services; (iii) the scope
     of the Property Transaction Assistance Services; and (iv) a certain service fee calculated at a rate
     which is comparable to the prevailing market rate paid by the Evergrande Associates to other
     independent property transaction assistance service providers for similar services.


     It is estimated that the maximum amounts of service fee payable to the Group in relation to
     the Property Transaction Assistance Services for the year ended 31 December 2020 would
     not exceed RMB121.7 million. During the year, the total fee paid under the Master Property
     Transaction Assistance Services Agreement was approximately RMB118.5 million.




                                                                                                            65
     5.   Property Management and Related Services
          On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master property management and related
          services agreement (the “Master Property Management and Related Services Agreement”)
          with China Evergrande Group, pursuant to which the Group agreed to provide to the Evergrande
          Associates property management and related services, including but not limited to (i) property
          management services for unsold properties and properties owned by the Evergrande Associates;
          (ii) pre-delivery services including (a) management and maintenance services for construction
          sites, show flats and property sales centers and preliminary planning and design consultancy
          services at the pre-delivery stage, (b) pre-delivery cleaning services, and (c) pre-delivery inspection
          services; and (iii) repair and maintenance services during the warranty period of residential and
          commercial properties developed by the Evergrande Associates (the “Property Management
          and Related Services”). The Master Property Management and Related Services Agreement has
          a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31 December 2022.


          The fees to be charged for the Property Management and Related Services is determined after
          arm’s length negotiations with reference to the prevailing market price (having taken into account
          the location and condition of the property, the scope of services and the anticipated operational
          costs including but not limited to labor costs, administrative costs and costs of materials),
          historical transaction amounts and the prices charged by the Group for providing comparable
          services to Independent Third Parties.


          It is estimated that the maximum amounts of service fee payable to the Group in relation to the
          Property Management and Related Services for the year ended 31 December 2020 would not
          exceed RMB3,945.3 million. During the year, the total transaction amount under the Master
          Property Management and Related Services Agreement was approximately RMB3,901.3 million.


          China Evergrande is a controlling shareholder of the Company and is therefore a connected
          person of the Company for the purpose of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under
          each of the (i) Master Car Parking Space Leasing Agreement; (ii) Master Procurement Agreement;
          (iii) Master Recreation Center Operational Management Services Agreement; (iv) Master Property
          Transaction Assistance Services Agreement; and (v) Master Property Management and Related
          Services Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under
          Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules upon Listing.




66
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




Waiver
In respect of these continuing connected transactions, pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules,
we have applied for, and the Stock Exchange has granted us, waivers exempting us from strict
compliance with the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
requirements (as appropriate) under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules subject to the condition that the
aggregate amounts of the continuing connected transactions for each financial year shall not exceed
the relevant amounts set forth in the annual caps of the respective agreements.


Confirmations
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the
above continuing connected transactions as set out above and confirmed that they were entered into:


1.    in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;


2.    on normal commercial terms or better; and


3.    in accordance with the respective agreements governing the above-mentioned continuing
      connected transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
      Shareholders as a whole.


Furthermore, in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Group has engaged its auditors
to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions. The auditors of the Group have issued a
letter to the Board confirming that nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that
the above continuing connected transactions:


1.    have not been approved by the Board;


2.    have exceeded the respective caps;


3.    have not been entered into in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing
      such transactions; and


4.    were not in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group where such transactions involved
      the provision of goods or services by the Group.




                                                                                                           67
     Related Party Transactions
     Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 are
     disclosed in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


     Save as disclosed above, during the year under review, none of the related party transactions
     constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction subject to independent
     Shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.


     Employee and Remuneration Policy
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group employed a total of 42,244 employees. The Group recruits and
     promotes individuals based on merit and their development potentials. Remuneration package offered
     to all employees including Directors is determined with reference to their performance and the prevailing
     salary levels in the market.


     Commitments
     Details of commitments are set out in note 27 to the financial statements on page 134.


     Independence Confirmation
     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation of
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The board of Directors is satisfied with the
     independence of each of the independent non-executive Directors.


     Corporate Governance
     The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and has complied
     with the Code on Corporate Governance Practices as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules.
     Further information on the Company’s corporate governance practices is set out in the Corporate
     Governance Report on pages 43 to 55.


     Foreign Exchange Risks
     Details of the foreign exchange risks are set out in note 3.1.1 to the financial statements on page 104.




68
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




Purchase, Sale and Redemption of Shares
During the year ended 31 December 2020, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased
or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.


As set out in the prospectus of the Company dated 23 November 2020, the Company offered an
aggregate of 810,811,000 new Shares as part of the Global Offering (as defined in the prospectus). The
securities of the Company were listed on the Stock Exchange on 2 December 2020.


Proceeds From The Global Offering
The Company’s shares were successfully listed on the Stock Exchange on 2 December 2020 and
810,811,000 new shares were allotted and issued under the Global Offering (as defined in the
Company’s prospectus dated 23 November 2020 (the “Prospectus”)). After excluding underwriting fees
and commissions, the net proceeds from the Global Offering are approximately RMB5,951.2 million.


As at 31 December 2020, the Group has not yet utilized the proceeds.


As set out in the Prospectus, the Group intends to use the proceeds for the following purposes:


–     approximately 65% will be used for strategic acquisition and investment;


–     approximately 15% will be used for the development of the Group’s value-added services;


–     approximately 8% will be used for the upgrade of information system and equipment;


–     approximately 2% will be used to recruit and cultivate talent; and


–     approximately 10% will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes.


Disclosure Pursuant to Rule 13.20 of the Listing Rules
So far as the Directors are aware, there were no circumstances which would give rise to a disclosure
obligation under Rules 13.20 of the Listing Rules in relation to the Company’s advance to an entity.


Events after the Reporting Period
Details of the events after the reporting period are set out in note 32 to the financial statements on page
139.




                                                                                                              69
     Financial Summary
     A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the past four years is set out on page
     140.


     Pre-emptive Rights
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands
     requiring the Company to offer new shares to the existing shareholders of the Company in proportion to
     their respective shareholders if new shares are issued.


     Sufficiency of Public Float
     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the
     Directors as at the date of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required
     under the Listing Rules.


     Auditors
     The Company appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers as the auditors of the Company for the year ended
     31 December 2020. A resolution for the reappointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditors of the
     Company will be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.



     On behalf of the Board
     Zhao Changlong
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 16 March 2021




70
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




Independent Auditor’s Report




To the Shareholders of Evergrande Property Services Group Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 77 to 139, which comprise:


•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2020;


•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant
      accounting policies.




                                                                                                      71
     Our opinion
     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
     financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance
     and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
     Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
     (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
     Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     Basis for Opinion
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued
     by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
     Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.


     We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
     our opinion.


     Independence
     We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
     Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
     Code.


     Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
     audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in
     the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
     thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


     Key audit matter identified in our audit is the assessment of the expected credit losses of trade
     receivables.




72
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




Key Audit Matters (continued)
                                                        How our audit addressed the Key
 Key Audit Matter                                       Audit Matter

Assessment of the expected credit losses of
trade receivables
Refer to note 4(a) “Critical accounting estimates       We obtained an understanding of management’s
and judgements ” and note 17 “ Trade and                internal control and assessment process of
other receivables” to the consolidated financial        the ECL of trade receivables and assessed
statements.                                             the inherent risk of material misstatement by
                                                        considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
 As at 31 December 2020, the gross trade                and level of other inherent risk factors such
 receivables amounted to RMB3,932,721,000,              as complexity of models and subjectivity of
 which represented approximately 23% of the             significant assumptions and data used.
 total assets of the Group. Management has
 assessed the expected credit losses (“ ECL ”)          We evaluated and tested management ’s key
 of trade receivables and loss allowance of             controls in relation to the assessment of the
 RMB113,665,000 was made against the gross              ECL of trade receivables, including the review of
 trade receivables.                                     ageing analysis.

 Management applied the simplified approach             We assessed the appropriateness of the grouping
 under HKFRS 9 to measure the lifetime ECL of           of trade receivables based on shared credit
 trade receivables. To measure the ECL, trade           risk characteristics and ageing periods and the
 receivables were grouped based on shared               credit loss provisioning methodology adopted by
 credit risk characteristics. Management assessed       management.
 the ECL based on estimation about risk of
 default and expected loss rates, and judgment          We tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of
 was used in making these assumptions and               ageing profile of trade receivables prepared by
 selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation,    management by checking to sales invoices or
 including the historical settlement records, credit    other relevant documents.
 ratings, financial positions of the customers
 and other factors that impacted their ability of       We tested, on a sample basis, the historical
 repayment. Management also took into account           settlement of the customers by checking to
 of existing market conditions and forward looking      the bank slips to assess the effectiveness of
 information.                                           management’s estimation process.

 We focused on this area due to the significance        We challenged management ’s estimation of
 of the trade receivable balances and the               the risk of default and ECL rate referencing to
 complexity of models and subjectivity of significant   customers’ credit information including settlement
 assumptions and data used in the estimation of         records, their financial positions and ability of
 expected credit losses.                                repayment and collaborated management ’s
                                                        explanations with publicly available information
                                                        and supporting evidence.

                                                        We evaluated the appropriateness of the
                                                        forward looking information with reference to
                                                        our industry knowledge and relevant published
                                                        macroeconomic data.

                                                        We checked the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                        calculation of the allowance of ECL.

                                                        We found the models, significant assumptions and
                                                        data applied by management in the assessment
                                                        of the ECL of trade receivables were supported
                                                        by available evidences.
                                                                                                             73
     Other Information
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
     all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and
     our auditor’s report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
     not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
     other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
     the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
     be materially misstated.


     If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
     other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
     statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the
     disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the
     directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
     free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
     concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate
     the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




74
                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          Annual Report 2020




Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for
the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks,
      and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The
      risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
      from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
      the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
      opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
      events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
      concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention
      in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if
      such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
      evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
      may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                                             75
     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
     (continued)
     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
           including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
           underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
           or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
           statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
           We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
     scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
     internal control that we identify during our audit.


     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
     ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
     matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
     taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters
     that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period
     and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law
     or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
     we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
     consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
     such communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yeung Chor Ho.




     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, 16 March 2021




76
                                                    EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               Annual Report 2020




Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                   Note       2020          2019
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

 Revenue                                                              6   10,508,859    7,332,722
 Cost of sales                                                            (6,502,704)   (5,577,739)

 Gross profit                                                              4,006,155    1,754,983
 Administrative expenses                                                    (629,385)    (515,061)
 Reversal of/(allowance for) impairment losses on
   financial assets                                                           35,742       (48,210)
 Other income                                                         7      149,786       66,550
 Other losses                                                         8      (46,221)         (194)

 Operating profit                                                          3,516,077    1,258,068
 Finance costs                                                       11      (17,338)      (28,883)

 Profit before income tax                                                  3,498,739    1,229,185
 Income tax expenses                                                 12     (851,371)    (298,661)

 Profit for the year                                                       2,647,368      930,524

 Profit attributable to:
 – Owners of the Company                                                   2,647,999      930,232
 – Non-controlling interests                                                    (631)         292

                                                                           2,647,368      930,524

 Other comprehensive (loss)/income
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
 Currency translation differences                                             (1,142)         160

 Total comprehensive income for the year                                   2,646,226      930,684

 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 – Owners of the Company                                                   2,646,857      930,392
 – Non-controlling interests                                                    (631)         292

                                                                           2,646,226      930,684

 Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners of
   the Company (expressed in RMB per share)
 – Basic and diluted                                                 13         0.26          0.09


The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.



                                                                                                      77
     Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                As at 31 December
                                                    Note       2020         2019
                                                            RMB’000      RMB’000

     Assets
     Non-current assets
     Property and equipment                          15       53,855       57,195
     Intangible assets                               16      127,662         433
     Right-of-use assets                             24       23,084       25,844
     Deferred income tax assets                      25       56,902       66,280

                                                             261,503      149,752

     Current assets
     Trade and other receivables                     17     4,186,287   5,256,799
     Prepayments                                     18       12,213       15,968
     Amounts due from related parties                29             –   1,349,686
     Cash and cash equivalents                       19    12,603,924     684,348
     Restricted cash                                 20          222         102

                                                           16,802,646   7,306,903

     Total assets                                          17,064,149   7,456,655

     Equity
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                   21         7,060           –
     Reserves                                        22     6,522,290     373,636
     Retained earnings                                      3,393,829   1,387,971

                                                            9,923,179   1,761,607
     Non-controlling interests                                10,962       12,850

     Total equity                                           9,934,141   1,774,457

     Liabilities
     Non-current liabilities
     Lease liabilities                               24       10,613       12,750
     Deferred income tax liabilities                 25       14,888            –

                                                              25,501       12,750




78
                                            EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       Annual Report 2020




                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                               Note         2020             2019
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

 Current liabilities
 Contract liabilities                                             6      2,725,759       2,285,276
 Trade and other payables                                        23      4,126,388       2,969,115
 Current income tax liabilities                                            238,881         398,383
 Lease liabilities                                               24         13,479          13,724
 Borrowings                                                                        –         2,950

                                                                         7,104,507       5,669,448

 Total liabilities                                                       7,130,008       5,682,198

 Total equity and liabilities                                          17,064,149        7,456,655


The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


The financial statements on pages 77 to 139 were approved by the board of directors on 16 March
2021 and were signed on its behalf:




                     Zhao Changlong                                   Hu Liang
                        Director                                      Director




                                                                                                     79
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                    Share    Combined                         Retained                 Non-controlling
                                                        Note       capital       capital       Reserves       earnings    Subtotal           interests      Total
                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                 (Note 21)    (Note 22)        (Note 22)

      Balance at 1 January 2019                                         –       67,876        204,881         524,083      796,840                 (67)    796,773


      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                                               –            –               –        930,232      930,232                292      930,524
      Currency translation differences                                  –            –             160               –         160                   –         160


      Transactions with owners of the Company
      Contribution from the then shareholders of
        the Group                                                       –       37,500               –               –      37,500             12,500       50,000
      Acquisition of subsidiaries now comprising
        the Group by the Remaining Group                   22           –          375               –               –         375                125          500
      Dividends to the Remaining Group                     14           –            –               –          (3,500)      (3,500)                 –       (3,500)
      Transfer to statutory reserve                                     –            –          62,844         (62,844)           –                  –            –

      Balance at 31 December 2019                                       –      105,751        267,885       1,387,971     1,761,607            12,850     1,774,457

      Balance at 1 January 2020                                         –      105,751        267,885       1,387,971     1,761,607            12,850     1,774,457


      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                                               –            –               –      2,647,999     2,647,999              (631)    2,647,368
      Currency translation differences                                  –            –          (1,142)              –       (1,142)                 –       (1,142)


      Transactions with owners of the Company
      Issue of ordinary shares                          21 (b)          7            –               –               –            7                  –            7
      Capitalisation issue                              21 (c)      6,519            –          (6,519)              –            –                  –            –
      Issue of shares in connection with the Listing    21 (d)        534            –       6,038,289               –    6,038,823                  –    6,038,823
      Costs related to the issue of shares              21 (d)          –            –         (87,585)              –      (87,585)                 –      (87,585)
      Acquisition of subsidiaries of the Group from
        the Remaining Group during the Reorganisation      22           –     (105,751)         31,558               –      (74,193)          (12,317)      (86,510)
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                       –            –               –               –            –            11,060       11,060
      Dividends to the Remaining Group                     14           –            –               –       (362,337)     (362,337)                 –     (362,337)
      Transfer to statutory reserve                                     –            –        279,804        (279,804)            –                  –            –

      Balance at 31 December 2020                                   7,060            –       6,522,290      3,393,829     9,923,179            10,962     9,934,141


     The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.
80
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                               Note        2020           2019
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

 Cash flows of operating activities
 Cash generated from/(used in) operations                        26     6,176,190       (360,782)
 PRC enterprise income tax paid                                        (1,003,217)        (7,455)

 Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                 5,172,973       (368,237)

 Cash flows of investing activities
 Purchases of property and equipment                                      (17,947)       (17,135)
 Disposal of equipment                                                         40             86
 Purchase of intangible assets                                            (11,580)           (92)
 Net payments for acquisition of subsidiaries, net               28       (54,751)             –
 Decrease in amounts due from related parties, net                        994,678       139,417

 Net cash generated from investing activities                             910,440       122,276

 Cash flows of financing activities
 Proceeds from issue of ordinary shares for the Listing        21(d)    6,038,823              –
 Payments for the costs related to the issue of shares         21(d)      (85,492)             –
 Proceeds from borrowings                                                       –          2,950
 Repayments of borrowings                                                  (2,950)      (150,000)
 Interest paid                                                               (146)        (4,856)
 Lease payments                                                           (18,755)       (18,423)
 Contribution from the then shareholders of a subsidiary                        –         50,000
 Payments for the acquisition of subsidiaries from
   the Remaining Group during the Reorganisation                 22       (86,510)             –
 Dividends paid                                                  14        (7,329)        (3,500)

 Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                 5,837,641       (123,829)

 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                  11,921,054       (369,790)
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                           684,348      1,054,138
 Exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents                              (1,478)             –

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                              12,603,924       684,348


The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




                                                                                                     81
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     1     General information and reorganisation
     1.1   General information
           Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman
           Islands on 13 March 2020 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies
           Law (Cap. 22. Law 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of
           the Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman
           KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.


           The Company’s ultimate holding company is China Evergrande Group, an exempted company
           incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and its shares are listed on The Stock
           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


           The initial listing of the Company’s shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (the “Listing”)
           constitutes a spin-off from China Evergrande Group (the “Spin-Off”). China Evergrande Group
           and its subsidiaries excluding the Group, are collectively referred to as the “Remaining Group” in
           these consolidated financial statements.


           The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
           are primarily engaged in the provision of property management services and related value-added
           services (the “Spin-off Business”).


           The Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 2 December 2020.


           The outbreak of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (the “COVID-19”) had brought unprecedented
           challenges and added uncertainties to the economy. COVID-19 may affect the financial
           performance and position of the property management industry. Since the outbreak of COVID-19,
           the Group kept continuous attention on the situation of the COVID-19 and reacted actively to
           its impact on the financial position and operating results of the Group. As at the date that the
           consolidated financial information is authorised for issue, COVID-19 does not have any material
           adverse impact on the financial position and operating result of the Group.


           The consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and rounded to nearest
           thousand yuan, unless otherwise stated.


           These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors
           (the “Board”) on 16 March 2021.




82
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




1     General information and reorganisation (continued)
1.2   Reorganisation
      Prior to the incorporation of the Company and the completion of the reorganisation as described
      below (the “Reorganisation”), the Spin-off Business was mainly operated through Jinbi Property
      Management Company Limited (“Jinbi Property Management”) and its subsidiaries, and certain
      other entities which were formerly under the Remaining Group and engaged in the Spin-off
      Business (collectively, the “Operating Entities”).


      In preparation for the initial public offering of the Company’s shares on the Main Board of the
      Stock Exchange, the Reorganisation was undertaken and the operating entities engaged in the
      Spin-off Business were transferred and held by the Company. The Reorganisation mainly include
      the following steps:


      (a)   During May to September 2020, Jinbi Property Management acquired the entire equity
            interests of the entities which are engaged in the Spin-off Business from the Remaining
            Group for cash consideration.


      (b)   During May to June 2020, Jinbi Property Management disposed of its entire interests in
            two subsidiaries which were not engaged in the Spin-off Business to the Remaining Group.
            Accordingly, the financial statements of these two subsidiaries was excluded from the
            consolidated financial statements of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2020 and
            2019.


      (c)   On 13 March 2020, the Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with an
            authorised share capital of USD50,000 divided into 5,000,000 ordinary shares of
            USD0.01 each. Upon the incorporation of the Company, one share was issued at par
            to an independent initial subscriber. On July 20, 2020, the share was transferred to
            CEG Holdings Limited (“CEG Holdings”), a subsidiary of China Evergrande Group, at
            a consideration of USD0.01 and only since then, the Company became part of the
            Reorganisation forming the Group engaged in the Spin-off Business.


      (d)   On 20 July 2020, Eagle Investment (BVI) Limited (“Eagle Investment”) was incorporated in
            the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) with limited liability. As the date of incorporation, one share
            was issued to the Company.




                                                                                                                 83
     1     General information and reorganisation (continued)
     1.2   Reorganisation (continued)
           (e)   In August 2020, through a series of transactions with the Remaining Group, Eagle
                 Investment acquired the entire equity interests of Jinbi Property Management. The Spin-
                 off Business was therefore transferred to and held by the Company. The consideration was
                 satisfied by one subscribed share of CEG Holdings.


           (f)   On 6 August 2020, Oriental Joy Group Limited (“Oriental Joy”), a wholly-owned subsidiary
                 of Eagle Investment acquired the entire issued share capital of Fortune Ascent Management
                 Limited (“ Fortune Ascent”) from the Remaining Group, at a cash consideration of
                 HKD9,939,000.


           Upon the completion of the Reorganisation, the Company became the holding company of the
           companies now comprising the Group.


     1.3   Basis of presentation
           Immediately prior to and after the Reorganisation, the Spin-off Business is conducted through
           the operating entities now comprising the Group which were controlled by China Evergrande
           Group. Pursuant to the Reorganisation, the Spin-off Business is transferred to and held by the
           Company. The Company has not been involved in any other business prior to the Reorganisation
           and does not meet the definition of a business. The Reorganisation is merely a recapitalisation of
           the Spin-off Business with no change in management of such business and the ultimate owner
           of the Spin-off Business remain the same. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements of
           the Group have been prepared and presented at the carrying amounts of the Spin-off Business
           for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020, as if the current group structure had been in
           existence through the two years.




84
                                                 EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            Annual Report 2020




2       Summary of significant accounting policies
        This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these
        consolidated financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years
        presented, unless otherwise stated.


2.1     Basis of preparation
(i)     Compliance with HKFRS and HKCO
        The consolidated financial statements of the Group has been prepared in accordance with Hong
        Kong Financial Reporting Standard (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
        Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) (“HKCO”).


(ii)    Historical cost convention
        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis.


        The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use
        of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement
        in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree
        of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the
        consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.


(iii)   New standards, amendments and interpretations adopted by the Group
        The Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for its annual
        reporting period commencing 1 January 2020:


        •     Definition of Material – Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8


        •     Definition of a Business – Amendments to HKFRS 3


        •     Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Amendments to HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9 and HKAS 39


        •     Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting




                                                                                                               85
     2      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.1    Basis of preparation (continued)
     (iv)   New standards and amendments to standards that have been issued but are not
            effective
            Certain new accounting standards and amendments to standards have been published that are
            not mandatory for the year ended 31 December 2020 and have not been early adopted by the
            Group.

                                                                                                   Effective for
                                                                                                   annual periods
                                                                                                   beginning on
                                                                                                   or after

             Amendments to HKFRS 16                  COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions             1 June 2020
             Amendments to HKFRS 9,                  Interest Rate Benchmark                       1 January 2021
              HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4                 Reform-Phase 2
              and HKFRS 16
             Amendments to HKFRS 3                   Update Reference to the Conceptual            1 January 2022
                                                       Framework
             Amendments to HKAS 16                   Proceeds before Intended Use                  1 January 2022
             Amendments to HKAS 37                   Onerous Contracts – Costs of Fulfilling       1 January 2022
                                                      a Contract
             Annual Improvements                     Annual Improvements to HKFRS                  1 January 2022
                                                       Standards 2018-2020 Cycle
             Revised Accounting Guideline 5          Merger Accounting for Common                  1 January 2022
                                                      Combination
             HKFRS 17                                Insurance Contract                            1 January 2023
             Amendments to HKAS 1                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or   1 January 2023
                                                       Non-current
             Hong Kong Interpretation 2 (2020)       Presentation of Financial Statements –        1 January 2023
                                                       Classification by Borrower of
                                                       a Term Loan
             Amendments to HKFRS 10 and              Sale or Contribution of Assets between        To be determined
              HKAS 28                                  an Investor and its Associate or
                                                       Joint Ventures


            The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or revised
            standards and amendments. According to the preliminary assessment made by the Group, no
            significant impact on the financial performance and position of the Group is expected when they
            become effective.




86
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
2.2.1 Subsidiaries
      Subsidiaries are entities (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The
      Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
      involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
      entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
      They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.


      Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
      companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
      evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been
      changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


      Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
      consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity
      and consolidated balance sheet respectively.


2.2.2 Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
      The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
      control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results
      in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests
      to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the
      adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a
      separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Group.




                                                                                                           87
     2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.3   Business combination
           Except for the Reorganisation, the acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all
           business combinations, regardless of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired.
           The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:


           •     fair values of the assets transferred


           •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business

           •     equity interests issued by the Group, if any


           •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement,
                 and


           •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.


           Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business
           combination are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition
           date. The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-
           by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of
           the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.


           Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


           The excess of the:


           •     consideration transferred,


           •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and


           •     acquisition date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity


           over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts
           are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is
           recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.




88
                                                 EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            Annual Report 2020




2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
2.3   Business combination (continued)
      Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future
      are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the
      entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained
      from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration
      is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are
      subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.


      If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the
      acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the
      acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or
      loss.


2.4   Separate financial statements
      In the Company’s statement of financial position, the investments in subsidiaries are accounted
      for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of
      subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.


      Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
      these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in
      the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate
      financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the
      investee’s net assets including goodwill.


2.5   Segment reporting
      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided
      to the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”). The CODM who is responsible for allocating
      resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the
      executive directors that makes strategic decisions.


2.6   Foreign currency translation
(a)   Functional and presentation currency
      Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
      the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
      currency”). Consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s
      functional currency and the Group’s presentation currency.




                                                                                                                 89
     2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.6   Foreign currency translation (continued)
     (b)   Transactions and balances
           Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
           at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
           of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
           foreign currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.


           Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented as finance income/
           (costs). All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented as other gains/(losses) on a
           net basis.


     (c)   Group entities
           The results and financial positions of the group entities (none of which has the currency of
           a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation
           currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:


           •     assets and liabilities of each balance sheet of the group entities are translated at the
                 closing rate at the date of that balance sheet;


           •     income and expenses of each statement of comprehensive income of the group entities
                 are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of
                 the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income
                 and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and


           •     all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.


           On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in
           foreign operations are taken into equity holders’ equity. When a foreign operation is partially
           disposed of or sold, exchange differences that were recorded in equity are recognised in the
           income statement as part of the gain or loss on sale.


     2.7   Property and equipment
           Property and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and any impairment loss.
           Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.




90
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
2.7   Property and equipment (continued)
      Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset,
      as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item
      will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and
      maintenance are recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.


      Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual
      values over their estimated useful lives or, in case of leasehold improvements, and certain leased
      properties, the shorter lease term, as follows:


      –     Property                                         20 years
      –     Machinery                                        3-10 years
      –     Vehicles                                         3-10 years
      –     Furniture, fitting and equipment                 3-10 years


      The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
      of each reporting period.


      An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
      carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.


      Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying
      amount and are recognised within “other gains/(losses) – net” in the statement of comprehensive
      income.

2.8   Intangible assets
(a)   Goodwill
      Goodwill is measured as described in Note 2.3. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is
      included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually, or
      more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is
      carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity
      include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.


      Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of impairment testing.
      The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that
      are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. The units
      or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal
      management purposes, being the operating segments.


                                                                                                              91
     2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.8   Intangible assets (continued)
     (b)   Property management contracts and customer relationships
           Property management contracts and customer relationships acquired in business combinations
           are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. The property management contracts
           and customer relationships have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated
           amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful
           lives of the respective contracts. The expected useful lives of customer relationships is 10 years.


     (c)   Computer software
           Acquired computer software programmes are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to
           acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated
           useful lives of 2 to 3 years on a straight-line basis.


     2.9   Impairment of non-financial assets
           Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation
           and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
           indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events
           or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An
           impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
           recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of
           disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the
           lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent
           of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial
           assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
           impairment at the end of each reporting period.


     2.10 Investments and other financial assets
     2.10.1 Classification
           The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:


           •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive
                 income, or through profit or loss), and


           •     those to be measured at amortised cost.


           The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and
           the contractual terms of the cash flows.



92
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
2.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)
2.10.1 Classification (continued)
      For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or
      other comprehensive income. For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the
      business model in which the investment is held. For investments in equity instruments, this will
      depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition
      to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.


      The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
      those assets changes.


2.10.2 Recognition and derecognition
      Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
      which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when
      the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred
      and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.


2.10.3 Measurement
      At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case
      of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly
      attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried
      at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.


      Debt instruments
      Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
      managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. The Group only held debt
      instruments classified as financial assets at amortised costs.


      Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent
      solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. A gain or loss on a
      debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortised cost and is not part of a hedging
      relationship is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income when the asset
      is derecognised or impaired. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance
      income using the effective interest rate method.




                                                                                                              93
     2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)
     2.10.4 Impairment
           The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated
           with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied
           depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


           Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (i.e. the present value
           of all cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial assets.


           For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
           requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the assets. The
           provision matrix is determined based on historical observed default rates over the expected life
           of the trade receivables with similar credit risk characteristics and is adjusted for forward-looking
           estimates. At every reporting date the historical observed default rates are updated and changes
           in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


           Impairment of other receivables are measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or
           lifetime expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase
           in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has
           occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.


     2.11 Offsetting financial instruments
           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated
           balance sheets when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts
           and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets and settle the liabilities
           simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must
           be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
           bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.




94
                                                 EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            Annual Report 2020




2    Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
2.12 Trade receivables
     Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed
     in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one
     year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of business if longer), they are classified as current
     assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.


     Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
     unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value.
     The Group holds trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and
     therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


2.13 Cash and cash equivalents
     For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents
     include cash on hand and at banks.


2.14 Share capital
     Ordinary shares are classified as equity.


     Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity
     as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


2.15 Trade and other payables
     Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods or services that have been acquired in
     the ordinary course of business from suppliers and amounts to be repaid from the Group to its
     counterparties. These amounts are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within 12
     months or less. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.


     Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
     amortised cost using the effective interest method.




                                                                                                             95
     2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.16 Borrowings
           Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings
           are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of
           transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period
           of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees paid to the establishment of loan
           facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that
           part or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down
           occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be
           drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the
           period of the facility to which it relates.


           Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract
           is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial
           liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid,
           including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as
           finance costs.


           Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
           settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.


     2.17 Borrowing costs
           All borrowing costs are recognised in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income in
           the period in which they incurred.


     2.18 Current and deferred income tax
           The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised as “income
           tax expense” in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, except to the extent that
           it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the
           tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


     (a)   Current income tax
           The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
           enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries operate and
           generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
           respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes
           provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.




96
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
2.18 Current and deferred income tax (continued)
(b)   Deferred income tax
      Inside basis differences
      Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
      between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
      financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the
      initial recognition of goodwill. The deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial
      recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the
      time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax
      is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
      balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
      realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.


      Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future
      taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.


      Outside basis differences
      Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from
      investments in subsidiaries, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the
      reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the
      temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


      Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from
      investments in subsidiaries only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference will
      reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary
      difference can be utilised.

(c)   Offsetting
      Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
      offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets
      and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable
      entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.




                                                                                                                97
     2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.19 Employee benefits
     (a)   Pension obligations
           The Group only operates defined contribution pension plans. In accordance with the rules
           and regulations in the PRC, the PRC based employees of the Group participate in various
           defined contribution retirement benefit plans organised by the relevant municipal and provincial
           governments in the PRC under which the Group and the PRC based employees are required to
           make monthly contributions to these plans calculated as a percentage of the employees’ salaries.
           The municipal and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations
           of all existing and future retired PRC based employees ’ payable under the plans described above.
           Other than the monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of
           retirement and other post-retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are
           held separately from those of the Group in independently administrated funds managed by the
           governments.


           The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement scheme are expensed as
           incurred.


     (b)   Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances
           Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government-supervised
           housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurance plan. The Group contributes on
           a monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees,
           subject to certain ceiling. The Group ’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the
           contributions payable in each year. Contributions to the housing funds, medical insurances and
           other social insurances are expensed as incurred.


     (c)   Termination benefits
           Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the
           normal retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange
           for these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following
           dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the
           entity recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the
           payment of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy,
           the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept
           the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are
           discounted to their present value.




98
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
2.19 Employee benefits (continued)
(d)   Short-term obligations
      Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave
      that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the
      employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to
      the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the
      liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in the
      statement of financial position.


2.20 Provisions
      Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognised when
      the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable
      that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be
      reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.


      Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required
      in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is
      recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same
      class of obligations may be small.


      Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure
      required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used
      to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the
      time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the
      passage of time is recognised as interest expense.




                                                                                                              99
      2    Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
      2.21 Revenue recognition
           The Group provides property management services, value-added services to non-property
           owners and community value-added services. Revenue is recognised when the control of
           services or goods is transferred to the customer. Depending on the terms of the contracts and
           the laws that apply to the contract, control of services and goods may be transferred over time
           or at a point in time. The Group distinguishes whether the Group is a principal or an agent in the
           transactions with its customers. When the Group is acting as a principal, the associated revenue
           is recognised in gross amount and when the Group is acting as an agent, the associated revenue
           is recognised in net amount.

           For property management services, the Group bills a fixed amount for services provided on a
           monthly basis and recognises as revenue in the amount to which the Group has a right to bill and
           that corresponds directly with the value of performance completed. The Group primarily generate
           revenue from property management services income from properties managed under lump sum
           basis, the Group entitles to revenue at the value of property management services fee received or
           receivable.


           Value-added services to non-property owners mainly include (i) preliminary property management
           services, which include cleaning, greening and repair and maintenance services and are billed
           on monthly basis and are recognised as revenue over time when such services are rendered;
           (ii) property inspection and pre-delivery cleaning services to property developers which are
           recognised as revenue when such services are rendered and accepted by the customer; and (iii)
           sales of the use rights of carpark spaces and rental of properties owned by property developers,
           which are recognised on a net basis when the underlying sales and rental contract are signed,
           respectively.


           Community value-added services revenue mainly include (i) promotion and facilitation for third
           parties, which is recognised over time according to the services rendered; (ii) income from the
           provision of assistance in sales of products to third parties, which is recognised on a net basis
           when the products are transferred; (iii) rental income from carpark spaces leased from the
           Remaining Group; (iv) income from management of advertising and other miscellaneous activities
           in the public areas in the properties managed by the Group, which is recognised over the time
           when the services are rendered; (v) revenue from services provided to the property owners during
           leasing of their properties; and (vi) revenue from other community convenience services charged
           for each service provided and recognised when the relevant services are rendered.


           If a contract contains multiple services, the transaction price is allocated to each performance
           obligation based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling prices are
           not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or adjusted
           market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.
100
                                                 EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            Annual Report 2020




2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
2.21 Revenue recognition (continued)
      When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the balance
      sheet as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the
      Group’s performance and the customer’s payment.


      A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has
      transferred to a customer.


      If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that
      is unconditional, before the Group transfers services to the customer, the Group presents the
      contract as a contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever
      is earlier). A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which
      the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


      A receivable is recorded when the Group has an unconditional right to consideration. A right
      to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
      consideration is due.


      Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contact, if recoverable, are capitalised and presented as
      assets and subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.


      When the difference between the transfer of the promised goods or services to customer and the
      payment by the customer is considered significant and implied financing components contained
      in certain contracts, the Group adjust the transaction price for the time value of money.


2.22 Earnings per share
(a)   Basic earnings per share
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:


      •     the profit attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of servicing equity
            other than ordinary shares


      •     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
            adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding
            treasury shares.




                                                                                                                 101
      2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
      2.22 Earnings per share (continued)
      (b)   Diluted earnings per share
            Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per
            share to take into account:


            •     the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                  potential ordinary shares, and


            •     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been
                  outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


      2.23 Interest income
            Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method.


      2.24 Leases
            A lease is recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the
            leased asset is available for use by the Group.


            Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the
            consideration in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative
            stand-alone prices.


            Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease
            liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:


            •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable


            •     variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate


            •     amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees


            •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that
                  option, and


            •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee
                  exercising that option.




102
                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          Annual Report 2020




2    Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
2.24 Leases (continued)
     Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
     measurement of the liability.


     The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be
     determined, or the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.


     Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged
     to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the
     remaining balance of the liability for each period.


     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:


     •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability,


     •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
           received,


     •     any initial direct costs, and


     •     restoration costs.


     Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the
     lease term on a straight-line basis.


     Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a
     straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term
     of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise small items of office equipment.


     Rental income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised on a straight-line
     basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added
     to the carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on
     the same basis as rental income. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet
     based on their nature.


2.25 Dividend distribution
     Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and
     no longer at the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not
     distributed at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                                            103
      2     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
      2.26 Government grants
            Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable
            assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.


            Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated statement
            of comprehensive income over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are
            intended to compensate.


      3     Financial risk management
            The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity
            risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial
            markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


      3.1   Financial risk factors
      3.1.1 Market risk
      (i)   Foreign exchange risk
            The Group’s normal operating activities are principally conducted in RMB since most of the
            operating entities are based in the PRC. The foreign exchange risk mainly arises from monetary
            assets and liabilities of certain subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies other than their
            functional currencies.


            The Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities at the respective
            balance sheet are as follows:

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                          2020             2019
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

             Monetary assets
             – HK$                                                                        78,573            7,950
             – US$                                                                         3,431               21

                                                                                          82,004            7,971


            As at 31 December 2020, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% (31 December 2019: 5%)
            against the relevant foreign currencies with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit for the
            year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 would have been approximately RMB4,100,000 and
            RMB399,000 lower/higher, respectively.



104
                                                     EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                Annual Report 2020




3      Financial risk management (continued)
3.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
3.1.1 Market risk (continued)
(ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
       The Group is exposed to interest rate risk for certain interest-bearing cash at banks. Cash at
       banks at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings obtained at
       fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.


       As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, if the interest rate on cash at banks and restricted cash
       increased/decreased by 0.5% with all other variables held constant, the Group’s post-tax profits
       for the year would have been RMB47,253,000 higher/lower and RMB2,552,000 higher/lower, as
       a result of the increase/decrease in interests derived from cash at banks at variable rates.


3.1.2 Credit risk
       The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade and notes receivable, other receivables,
       amounts due from related parties and cash deposits at banks. The carrying amounts of trade and
       notes receivable, other receivables, amount due from related parties and cash deposits at banks
       represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

(i)    Risk management
       For trade and other receivables, the management of the Group has monitoring procedures to
       ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the
       recoverability of these receivables at the end of each reporting period to ensure that adequate
       impairment losses are made for doubtful debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company
       consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


(ii)   Impairment
       The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
       has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting
       period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the
       risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the
       date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking
       information. Especially the following indicators are incorporated:


       •     internal credit rating




                                                                                                               105
      3      Financial risk management (continued)
      3.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
      3.1.2 Credit risk (continued)
      (ii)   Impairment (continued)
             •        external credit rating


             •        actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                      conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability to meet
                      its obligations


             •        actual or expected significant changes in the financial situation of individual property owner
                      or the debtor


             •        significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the debtor, including
                      changes in the payment status of debtor and individual property owner.


             Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a
             debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the company.


             A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss model is as
             follows:

                                                                                          Basis for recognition of
                 Category                      Group definition of category               expected credit loss provision

                 Performing                    Customers have a low risk of default       12 months expected losses. Where
                                                 and a strong capacity to meet              the expected lifetime of an asset is
                                                 contractual cash flows                     less than 12 months, expected
                                                                                            losses are measured at its
                                                                                            expected lifetime


                 Underperforming               Receivables for which there is             Lifetime expected losses
                                                 a significant increase in credit risk;
                                                 as significant increase in credit risk
                                                 is presumed if interest and principal
                                                 repayments are 180 days past due


                 Non-performing                Interest and principal repayments are      Lifetime expected losses
                                                  365 days past due




106
                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          Annual Report 2020




3      Financial risk management (continued)
3.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
3.1.2 Credit risk (continued)
(ii)   Impairment (continued)
       The Group accounts for its credit risk by appropriately providing for expected credit losses on
       a timely basis. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss
       rates for each category of receivables and adjusts for forward looking macroeconomic data.


       Cash deposits at banks
       The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash deposits at banks
       since they are substantially deposited at banks with high credit rating. Management does not
       expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.


       Trade and notes receivable
       The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed
       by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for trade and notes
       receivable. To measure the expected credit losses, trade and notes receivable have been
       grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics. The expected credit losses also incorporate
       forward looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to
       settle the receivables. The Group has identifies money supply and change in total population in
       China to prior year as the most relevant factors for forward looking adjustments for individual
       customers, and identified total population in China and the percentage of broad money supply of
       gross domestic production as the most relevant factors for forward looking adjustments for both
       related and third party corporates customers, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates
       based on expected changes in these factors.




                                                                                                            107
      3      Financial risk management (continued)
      3.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
      3.1.2 Credit risk (continued)
      (ii)   Impairment (continued)
             Trade and notes receivable (continued)
             As of 31 December 2020 and 2019, the loss allowance provision for the trade receivables from
             property owners was determined as follows. The expected credit losses below also incorporated
             forward looking information.

                                                  Less than    1 to 2    2 to 3   3 to 4   4 to 5      Over
                                                     1 year    years     years    years    years    5 years       Total

              Trade receivables from
                individual property owners
              At 31 December 2020
              Expected loss rate                     2.7%       7.4%     15.8%    32.0%    58.0%    100.0%
              Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)      823,078    202,142    80,235   40,974   20,923    22,137   1,189,489
              Loss allowance provision
                (RMB’000)                           22,223     14,958    12,677   13,112   12,135   22,137      97,242
              Trade and notes receivable
                (excluding trade and notes
                receivables from related
                parties)
              At 31 December 2019
              Expected loss rate                     2.5%      10.0%     20.0%    50.0%    50.0%    100.0%
              Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)      929,568    228,417   113,919   56,785   33,980    35,755   1,398,424
              Loss allowance provision
                (RMB’000)                           23,453     22,842    22,784   28,392   16,990   35,755     150,216


             As of 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group used external data method to assess the ECL of
             receivables from related parties which are mainly property developers. The ECL rate was 0.5%
             and 0.1% for the trade and notes receivables from related parties. The loss allowance provision
             as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 was RMB11,105,000 and RMB3,548,000.

             As of 31 December 2020, the Group used external data method to assess the ECL of receivables
             from the third party corporate customers, considering it provided more valid information to its
             financial information users. The ECL rate for trade and notes receivables from such third party
             corporate customers was 1.8%. As at 31 December 2019, the ECL of the third party corporate
             customers was assessed based on the aging profiles together with the ECL of individual property
             owners. The loss allowance provision therefore was included in the table above.




108
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




3      Financial risk management (continued)
3.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
3.1.2 Credit risk (continued)
(ii)   Impairment (continued)
       Other receivables and amounts due from the related parties
       The Group uses the expected credit loss model above to determine the expected loss provision
       for other receivables and amounts due from related parties. As at 31 December 2020, the Group
       has assessed the expected credit losses for other receivables and amount due from related
       parties for each category.


       For amounts due from related parties, the Group expected that the credit risk associated to be
       low since the related parties have a strong capacity to repay the amounts in the near term. The
       Group has assessed the ECL rate for the amounts due from the related parties and considered
       it is low and thus the loss allowance is immaterial. Other receivables mainly comprise deposits
       which represent performance guarantees held by relevant government authorities and will
       be refunded according to regulations. The directors considered that there was no significant
       impairment risk.


       To measure the expected credit losses, other receivables have been grouped based on shared
       credit risk characteristics and the days past due.


       As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the loss allowance provision for trade and other receivables
       reconciles to the opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                           Trade and
                                                                notes          Other
                                                          receivables    receivables         Total
                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

        At 1 January 2019                                     111,554         11,517        123,071
        Allowance for impairment losses
           on financial assets                                 42,210          6,000         48,210

        At 31 December 2019                                   153,764         17,517        171,281

        At 1 January 2020                                     153,764         17,517        171,281
        (Reversal of)/allowance for
          impairment losses on financial
          assets                                              (40,099)         4,357         (35,742)

        At 31 December 2020                                   113,665         21,874        135,539




                                                                                                         109
      3     Financial risk management (continued)
      3.1   Financial risk factors (continued)
      3.1.3 Liquidity risk
            To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
            equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate
            the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.


            The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on
            the remaining period at the end of each reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The
            amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                              Between      Between
                                                 Less than     1 and 2      2 and 5         Over
                                                    1 year       years        years      5 years      Total
                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

             At 31 December 2020
             Lease liabilities                      14,682        7,001       4,170          194       26,047
             Trade and other payables
               (excluding accrued payroll
               liabilities and other tax
               payable)                          3,547,289            –            –           –    3,547,289

                                                 3,561,971        7,001       4,170          194    3,573,336

             At 31 December 2019
             Borrowings                              3,161            –            –           –        3,161
             Lease liabilities                      14,209        8,061       6,756          262       29,288
             Trade and other payables
               (excluding accrued payroll
               liabilities and other tax
               payable)                          2,276,672            –            –           –    2,276,672

                                                 2,294,042        8,061       6,756          262    2,309,121


      3.2   Capital management
            The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
            a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders
            and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.


            In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends
            paid to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.



110
                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          Annual Report 2020




4     Critical accounting estimates and judgements
      The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by
      definition, will seldom equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in
      applying the Group’s accounting policies.

      Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on the historical experience
      and other factors, including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the
      entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstance.

(a)   Expected credit losses on receivables
      The Group makes allowances on receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and
      expected loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and selecting
      the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market
      conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.

      Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the
      carrying amount of trade and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in the periods in
      which such estimate has been changed. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are
      disclosed in Note 3.1.2.

(b)   Current and deferred income tax
      The Group is subject to corporate income taxes in the PRC. Judgement is required in determining
      the amount of the provision for taxation and the timing of payment of the related taxations. There
      are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain
      during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different
      from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and
      deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

      Deferred tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised when
      management considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the
      temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual utilisation may be
      different.

5     Segment information
      Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the
      CODM. The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of
      the operating segment, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company.

      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group is principally engaged in the provision
      of property management services and related value-added services in the PRC. Management
      reviews the operating results of the business as a single operating segment as the nature of
      services, the type of customers for services, the method used to provide their services and the
      nature of regulatory environment is same in different regions.

                                                                                                            111
      5   Segment information (continued)
          The principal operating entities of the Group are domiciled in the PRC and majority of revenue is
          derived in the PRC during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


          As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, majority of the non-current assets of the Group were located
          in the PRC.


      6   Revenue
          Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from property management services and related
          value-added services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the years ended 31
          December 2020 and 2019 is as follows:

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2020            2019
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000

           Property management services                                        6,321,505       4,612,212
           Value-added services to non-property owners                         2,923,216       2,147,527
           Community value-added services                                      1,264,138         572,983

                                                                              10,508,859       7,332,722

           Timing of revenue recognition
           – Over time                                                         9,687,545       6,784,732
           – At a point in time                                                  821,314         547,990

                                                                              10,508,859       7,332,722


          For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, revenue provided by the Group to the
          Remaining Group and its joint ventures contributed 38% and 37% of the Group’s revenue,
          respectively. Other than the Remaining Group and its joint ventures, the Group has a large
          number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the
          years ended 31 December 2020.


          For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, community value-added services included
          rental income from leasing the car parking spaces of RMB375,339,000 and RMB291,808,000.




112
                                                 EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            Annual Report 2020




6       Revenue (continued)
(a)     Contract liabilities
(i)     The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:
                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

         Contract liabilities
         – Property management services                                        2,631,016       2,239,527
         – Community value-added services                                         94,743          45,749

                                                                               2,725,759       2,285,276


(ii)    Significant changes in contract liabilities
        Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers
        while the underlying services are yet to be provided. There is no significant change in contract
        liabilities at 31 December 2020 as compared to 31 December 2019.

(iii)   Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
        The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period
        relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

         Revenue recognised that was included in the balance of
           contract liabilities at the beginning of the year
         – Property management services                                        2,239,527       2,257,496
         – Community value-added services                                         45,749          24,907

                                                                               2,285,276       2,282,403


(b)     Unsatisfied performance obligations
        For property management services and value-added services to non-property owners, the
        Group recognises revenue in the amount that equals to the right to invoice which corresponds
        directly with the value to the customer of the Group’s performance to date, on a monthly basis or
        settlement cycle. The Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining
        performance obligations for these type of contracts. The majority of the property management
        services contracts do not have a fixed term. The term of the contracts with non-property owners
        is generally set to expire when the counterparties notify the Group that the services are no longer
        required.


                                                                                                              113
      6     Revenue (continued)
      (b)   Unsatisfied performance obligations (continued)
            For community value-added services, they are rendered in short period of time, which is generally
            less than a year, and the Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the
            remaining performance obligations for these type of contracts.


      (c)   Assets recognised from incremental costs to obtain a contract
            During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, there was no significant incremental costs
            to obtain a contract.


      7     Other income
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

              Government grants (Note a)                                                                     90,203               50,887
              Income from overdue fine                                                                       10,393                 8,110
              Interest income                                                                                45,735                 3,590
              Others                                                                                           3,455                3,963

                                                                                                           149,786                66,550


            (a)   Government grants which mainly consisted of additional input value-added tax deduction, tax refund for employment of retired
                  soldiers and refund of paid unemployment insurance.



      8     Other losses
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

              Net foreign exchange losses                                                                   (46,027)                      –
              Losses on disposal of property and equipment                                                      (194)                 (194)

                                                                                                            (46,221)                  (194)




114
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




9    Expenses by nature
     Expenses included in cost of sales, administrative expenses and (reversal of)/allowance for
     impairment losses on financial assets are analysed as follows:

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2020         2019
                                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000

      Employee benefit expenses (Note 10)                                 3,861,940    4,133,095
      Greening and cleaning expenses                                      1,453,054      790,194
      Maintenance costs                                                     672,913      304,640
      Utilities                                                             488,200      393,522
      Short-term and low value lease expenses                               141,782      124,010
      Tax and other levies                                                   94,659       67,828
      Office expenses                                                        88,996       66,236
      Listing expenses                                                       65,772            –
      Travelling and entertainment expenses                                  54,931       62,972
      Costs of security                                                      54,343        8,459
      Depreciation and amortisation charges                                  41,822       37,971
      Community activities expenses                                          31,485       24,671
      (Reversal of)/allowance for impairment losses on financial assets
        (Note 3.1.2)                                                        (35,742)      48,210
      Bank charges                                                           18,124       16,025
      Uniform costs                                                           8,116       11,853
      Consultancy fees                                                        7,899        4,758
      Auditors’ remuneration                                                  4,245         274
      Others                                                                 43,808       46,292

                                                                          7,096,347    6,141,010


10   Employee benefit expenses
                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2020         2019
                                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000

      Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                3,804,661    3,726,829
      Contribution to pension scheme expenses (Note a)                       57,279      406,266

                                                                          3,861,940    4,133,095


                                                                                                   115
      10    Employee benefit expenses (continued)
      (a)   Employees in the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution
            retirement scheme administrated and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s
            PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which are calculated on certain percentage of the prior year
            employee salary as agreed by local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement
            benefits of the employees.


      (b)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
            The remuneration of each director for the year ended 31 December 2020 is set out below:

                                                               Salaries,      Contribution
                                                           bonuses and         to pension
             Name                                    Fees other benefits          scheme          Total
                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000

             Executive directors
             Mr. Zhao Changlong (i)                       49         2,957               –            3,006
             Mr. Hu Liang                                 49         2,687               3            2,739
             Mr. Wang Zhen                                49         2,320               3            2,372
             Ms. An Lihong                                49         1,433               3            1,485


             Non-executive directors
             Mr. Chan Chun Hung (ii)                      40              –              –              40
             Mr. Victor Huang (ii)                        40              –              –              40
             Mr. Guo Zhaohui (ii)                         40              –              –              40

                                                        316          9,397               9            9,722




116
                                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                           Annual Report 2020




10    Employee benefit expenses (continued)
(b)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
      The remuneration of each director for the year ended 31 December 2019 is set out below:

                                                                            Salaries,                 Contribution
                                                                        bonuses and                    to pension
            Name                                                  Fees other benefits                     scheme                   Total
                                                               RMB’000     RMB’000                      RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Executive directors
            Mr. Zhao Changlong (i)                                        –                     –                    –                     –
            Mr. Hu Liang                                                  –              2,996                      32               3,028
            Mr. Wang Zhen                                                 –              2,639                      32               2,671
            Ms. An Lihong                                                 –              1,083                      32               1,115


            Non-executive directors
            Mr. Chan Chun Hung (ii)                                       –                     –                    –                     –
            Mr. Victor Huang (ii)                                         –                     –                    –                     –
            Mr. Guo Zhaohui (ii)                                          –                     –                    –                     –

                                                                          –              6,718                      96               6,814

      (i)        Mr. Zhao Changlong is the chairman of the director board of the Group. The emoluments of Mr. Zhao Changlong in relation to his
                 services rendered for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 were borne by China Evergrande Group and not allocated
                 to the Group as management of the Company considers there is no reasonable basis for such allocation.

      (ii)       Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent, Mr. Victor Huang and Mr. Guo Zhaohui were appointed as the non-executive directors of the
                 Group on 13 November 2020.



(c)   Five highest paid individuals
      The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended 31
      December 2020 and 2019 included 4 and 3 directors, respectively, whose emoluments are
      reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments payable to the remaining individuals
      are as follows:

                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

            Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                                               1,865                 3,699
            Contribution to pension scheme                                                                           3                   64

                                                                                                               1,868                 3,763


                                                                                                                                                  117
      10    Employee benefit expenses (continued)
      (c)   Five highest paid individuals (continued)
            The emoluments of these remaining individuals of the Group fell within the following bands:

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2020            2019
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

             Emolument bands
             HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                   –              1
             HK$2,000,001 – HK$2,500,000                                                   1              1

                                                                                           1              2


      (d)   Directors’ retirement and termination benefits
            No retirement benefits were paid to or receivable by any directors in respect of their other
            services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries’
            undertaking during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


            No payment was made to the directors as compensation for early termination of appointment
            during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


      (e)   Consideration provided to their parties for making available directors’ services
            No payment was made to any former employers of the directors for making available the services
            of them as a director of the Company during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


      (f)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
            bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors
            There were no other loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of the directors, controlled
            bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors during the years ended 31
            December 2020 and 2019.


      (g)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
            No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to
            which the Group was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest,
            whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the years
            ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.




118
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




11   Finance costs
                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2020             2019
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

      Interest expenses on borrowings                                              146           4,856
      Interests on lease liabilities                                             1,957           1,574
      Other finance costs (Note a)                                              15,235          22,453
                                                                                17,338          28,883


     (a)   Other finance costs represented the finance expenses contained in the one-off discount
           offered by the Group to the individual property owners for their advanced payments of
           property management fees.


12   Income tax expenses
                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2020             2019
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

      Current income tax                                                       841,993         309,367
      Deferred income tax                                                        9,378         (10,706)
                                                                               851,371         298,661


     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited
     liability under the Companies Law of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from
     Cayman Islands income tax. The Company’s subsidiaries in the BVI were incorporated under
     the International Business Companies Act of the BVI and accordingly, are exempted from British
     Virgin Island income tax.


     Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit
     for the current period in respect of operations in Hong Kong.


     Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in the PRC has been calculated at
     the applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the years, based on the existing
     legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof. The statutory tax rate is 25% for the
     years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. Certain subsidiaries and branches of the Group in the
     PRC are located in western cities, and they are subject to a preferential income tax rate of 15%
     during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. The subsidiary and branches of the Group
     located in Hainan Province are qualified to enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15% since 1
     January 2020.


                                                                                                            119
      12   Income tax expenses (continued)
           The tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using
           the weighted average tax rate applicable to profits of the group entities as follows:

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2020             2019
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

            Profit before income tax                                              3,498,739       1,229,185

            Tax calculated at applicable corporate income tax rate of 25%           874,685         307,296
            Tax effects of:
            – Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                               36,320           3,314
            – Effect of different tax rates applicable to certain
                 subsidiaries and branches                                          (59,634)        (11,949)

                                                                                    851,371         298,661


      13   Earnings per share
           Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company
           by the weighted average number of ordinary shares during the years ended 31 December 2020
           and 2019. In determining the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the
           years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the 10,000,000,000 shares of the Company issued
           during the Reorganisation was deemed to have been in issue since 1 January 2019.


           The Company did not have any potential ordinary shares outstanding during the year ended 31
           December 2020 and 2019. Diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share.

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2020            2019

            Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                2,647,999         930,232
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
             (in thousands)                                                      10,064,421      10,000,000

            Basic earnings per share attributable to the owners of
              the Company during the period (expressed in RMB per share)                0.26            0.09


      14   Dividends
           No dividend has been declared or paid by the Company since its incorporation and up to the
           date of this report.


120
                                            EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       Annual Report 2020




14   Dividends (continued)
     Pursuant to resolutions passed by the directors of the Group’s certain subsidiaries, dividends
     to the then shareholders of these subsidiaries of RMB362,337,000 (2019: RMB3,500,000) were
     declared and settled during the year ended 31 December 2020.


15   Property and equipment
                                                                            Furniture,
                                                                           fitting and
                                       Property Machinery         Vehicles equipment       Total
                                       RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000

      As at 1 January 2019
      Cost                                      –     31,790       18,456      88,605     138,851
      Accumulated depreciation                  –     (17,771)      (5,624)   (54,358)    (77,753)

      Net book amount                           –     14,019       12,832      34,247      61,098

      Year ended 31 December 2019
      Opening net book amount                   –     14,019       12,832      34,247      61,098
      Additions                            2,276       3,950        1,989       8,920      17,135
      Disposals                                 –         (11)         (27)      (242)       (280)
      Depreciation charge                       –      (5,880)      (3,406)   (11,472)    (20,758)

      Closing net book amount              2,276      12,078       11,388      31,453      57,195

      As at 31 December 2019
      Cost                                 2,276      35,574       19,923      94,865     152,638
      Accumulated depreciation                  –     (23,496)      (8,535)   (63,412)    (95,443)

      Net book amount                      2,276      12,078       11,388      31,453      57,195

      Year ended 31 December 2020
      Opening net book amount              2,276      12,078       11,388      31,453      57,195
      Additions                                 –      3,874        1,856      12,217      17,947
      Acquisition of subsidiaries
        (Note 28)                            370           58         270         102         800
      Disposals                                 –          (8)         (36)      (190)       (234)
      Depreciation charge                   (114)      (5,798)      (3,622)   (12,319)    (21,853)

      Closing net book amount              2,532      10,204        9,856      31,263      53,855

      As at 31 December 2020
      Cost                                 2,646      39,364       21,408     105,169     168,587
      Accumulated depreciation              (114)    (29,160)     (11,552)    (73,906)   (114,732)

      Net book amount                      2,532      10,204        9,856      31,263      53,855
                                                                                                      121
      15   Property and equipment (continued)
           Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statements
           of comprehensive income:

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2020         2019
                                                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000

            Cost of sales                                                           16,425        15,360
            Administrative expenses                                                   5,428        5,398

                                                                                    21,853        20,758


           (a)     No property and equipment is restricted or pledged as security for liabilities as at 31
                   December 2020 and 2019.

      16   Intangible assets
                                                                     Property
                                                                 management
                                                                    contracts
                                                  Computer      and customer
                                                   Software       relationship     Goodwill       Total
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                      (Note b)      (Note c)

            At 1 January 2019
            Cost                                      1,219                 –             –             –
            Accumulated amortisation                    (562)               –             –             –

            Net book amount                             657                 –             –             –

            Year ended 31 December 2019
            Opening net book amount                     657                 –             –          657
            Additions                                    92                 –             –           92
            Amortisation                                (316)               –             –          (316)

            Closing net book amount                     433                 –             –          433

            As at 31 December 2019
            Cost                                      1,311                 –             –        1,311
            Accumulated amortisation                    (878)               –             –          (878)

            Net book amount                             433                 –             –          433



122
                                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                          Annual Report 2020




16   Intangible assets (continued)
                                                                                    Property
                                                                                management
                                                                                   contracts
                                                              Computer         and customer
                                                               Software          relationship                Goodwill              Total
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                     (Note b)                 (Note c)

       Year ended 31 December 2020
       Opening net book amount                                         433                       –                        –            433
       Additions                                                   11,580                        –                        –         11,580
       Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 28)                              –              61,823                 56,619            118,442
       Amortisation                                                   (520)               (2,273)                         –         (2,793)

       Closing net book amount                                     11,493                59,550                 56,619            127,662

       As at 31 December 2020
       Cost                                                        12,891                61,823                 56,619            131,333
       Accumulated amortisation                                    (1,398)                (2,273)                         –         (3,671)

       Net book amount                                             11,493                59,550                 56,619            127,662

     (a)      Amortisation of intangible assets has been charged to the following categories in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
              income:

                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

               Cost of sales                                                                                        2,273                 –
               Administrative expenses                                                                                520               316
                                                                                                                    2,793               316

     (b)      No intangible asset is restricted or pledged as security for liabilities as at 31 December 2020 and 2019.

     (c)      Property management contracts and customer relationship and goodwill

              During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group acquired five companies (Note 28). Identified property management
              contracts and customer relationship of RMB61,823,000 was recognised by the Group. The excess of the consideration of
              acquisition and proportion of the value of the acquired identifiable net assets of RMB56,619,000 is recorded as goodwill. A
              valuation was performed by an independent valuer to determine the fair value of relevant intangible assets.




                                                                                                                                               123
      17   Trade and other receivables
                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000

            Trade receivables
            – Related parties (Note 29)                                        1,681,773    3,515,642
            – Third parties                                                    1,487,093    1,398,424


            Notes receivable
            – Related parties (Note 29)                                         758,465        32,116
            – Third parties                                                       5,390             –
            Gross trade receivables                                            3,932,721    4,946,182
            Less: allowance for impairment of trade and notes receivables
              (Note 3.1.2)                                                      (113,665)    (153,764)
                                                                               3,819,056    4,792,418
            Value added tax recoverable                                          10,347         5,072

            Other receivables
            – Payments on behalf of property owners (Note c)                    333,524       423,802
            – Deposits                                                           26,621        24,012
            – Others                                                             18,613        29,012
            Gross other receivables                                             378,758       476,826
            Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables (Note 3.1.2)     (21,874)     (17,517)
                                                                                356,884       459,309
                                                                               4,186,287    5,256,799


           (a)   Trade receivables mainly arise from property management services income under lump
                 sum basis and value-added service. Property management service income is received
                 in accordance with the terms of the relevant services agreements. Value-added service
                 income is usually due for payment upon the issuance of document of settlement.




124
                                             EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        Annual Report 2020




17   Trade and other receivables (continued)
     (b)   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the aging analysis of the trade and notes receivables
           based on date of revenue recognition were as follows:

                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                              2020             2019
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

            0-180 days                                                     2,468,718       2,209,541
            181-365 days                                                   1,094,667         781,823
            1 to 2 years                                                     204,923       1,081,253
            2 to 3 years                                                      80,314         657,925
            Over 3 years                                                      84,099         215,640

                                                                           3,932,721       4,946,182


     (c)   Payments on behalf of property owners mainly represented utilities costs of properties.


     (d)   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, trade and other receivables were denominated in RMB
           and the fair value of trade and other receivables approximate their carrying amounts.


     (e)   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the net book value of trade and other receivables
           (excluding value-added tax recoverable) of RMB4,175,940,000 and RMB5,251,727,000
           represented the Group’s maximum exposure to credit losses.

18   Prepayments
                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                              2020             2019
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

      Prepayments to suppliers
      – Related parties (Note 29)                                              4,661           5,756
      – Third parties                                                          7,552          10,212

                                                                              12,213          15,968




                                                                                                       125
      19   Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                   2020           2019
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000

            Cash at bank                                                      12,600,696        680,329
            Cash on hand                                                           3,228           4,019

                                                                              12,603,924        684,348


           (a)   The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents were denominated in the following
                 currencies:

                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                   2020           2019
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000

                  RMB                                                         12,521,920        676,377
                  HKD                                                             78,573           7,950
                  USD                                                              3,431              21

                                                                              12,603,924        684,348


           (b)   The conversion of RMB denominated deposits placed in banks in the PRC into foreign
                 currencies and the remittance of such foreign currencies denominated bank balances
                 and cash out of the PRC are subject to relevant rules and regulation of foreign exchange
                 control promulgated by the PRC government.


      20   Restricted cash
           Restricted cash mainly represented cash deposits which were held as securities according to the
           requirements of local government authorities.




126
                                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                          Annual Report 2020




21   Share capital
                                                                                                                               Equivalent
                                                                                       Number         Nominal value          nominal value
                                                                                    of ordinary         of ordinary            of ordinary
                                                                                        shares              shares                 shares
                                                                                                          USD’000                RMB’000

         Authorised:
         At 13 March 2020 (date of incorporation) (Note a)                            5,000,000                      50                  350
         Subdivision (Note b)                                                      495,000,000                        –                     –
         Increase of authorised share capital                                  99,500,000,000                    9,950                69,650

         At 31 December 2020                                                  100,000,000,000                   10,000                70,000

         Issued:
         At 13 March 2020 (date of incorporation) (Note a)                                      1                    –*                    –*
         Subdivision (Note b)                                                                 99                     –*                    –*
         Shares issued to CEG Holdings (Note b)                                       9,999,900                       1                     7
         Capitalisation issue (Note c)                                           9,990,000,000                     999                 6,519
         Issue of shares in connection with the Company’s listing
            (Note d)                                                               810,811,000                       81                  534

                                                                               10,810,811,000                    1,081                 7,060

     *         Less than RMB1,000

     (a)       On 13 March 2020, the Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with an authorised share capital of USD50,000 divided
               into 5,000,000 ordinary shares of USD0.01 each. Upon the incorporation of the Company, one share was issued at par to its then
               shareholder. On 20 July 2020, the share was transferred to CEG Holdings, intermediate holding company, at a consideration of
               USD0.01.

     (b)       On 27 July 2020, each of the issued and unissued shares of USD0.01 each was subdivided into 100 shares of USD0.0001 each.
               Accordingly, the one issued share of the Company held by CEG Holdings was subdivided into 100 shares. On the same date, an
               additional 9,999,900 shares of USD0.0001 each were issued to CEG Holdings at par for cash as part of the Reorganisation.

     (c)       Pursuant to the written resolutions of Shareholders passed on 13 November 2020, conditional on the share premium account of
               the Company being credited as a result of the global offering, the Company capitalise an amount of US$999,000 standing to the
               credit of the share premium account by applying such sum towards the paying up in full at par a total of 9,990,000,000 shares for
               issue and allotment to holders of Shares whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on the date of passing
               such resolutions in proportion to their then existing respective shareholdings.

     (d)       On 2 December 2020, the Company issued 810,811,000 ordinary shares at a price of HK$8.80 per shares during the Listing
               on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Gross proceeds from the issue amounted to HK$7,135,137,000 (equivalent to
               RMB6,038,823,000). After deducting the underwriting fees and other capitalised listing expenses, net proceeds from the issue
               amounted to RMB5,951,238,000, of which, RMB534,000 was recorded as share capital and RMB5,950,704,000 was recorded as
               share premium (Note 22).




                                                                                                                                                   127
      22   Reserves
                                                                 Share         Statutory           Capital        Exchange
                                                              premium          reserves          reserves          reserves            Total
                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Note b)

             Balance at 1 January 2019                                   –         29,126          243,557                   74        272,757
             Transfer to statutory reserves
               (Note a)                                                  –         62,844                   –                 –          62,844
             Contribution from the then
               shareholders of the Group                                 –                –          37,500                   –          37,500
             Acquisition of subsidiaries now
               comprising the Group by the
               Remaining Group and deemed
               as contribution to the Group                              –                –              375                  –              375
             Currency translation differences                            –                –                 –              160               160

             Balance at 31 December 2019                                 –         91,970          281,432                 234         373,636

             Balance at 1 January 2020                                   –         91,970          281,432                 234         373,636
             Transfer to statutory reserves
               (Note a)                                                  –       279,804                    –                 –        279,804
             Acquisition of subsidiaries from
               the Remaining Group during the
               Reorganisation (Note b)                                   –                –         (74,193)                  –         (74,193)
             Capitalisation issue (Note 21 (c))                   (6,519)                 –                 –                 –          (6,519)
             Issue of shares in connection with
                the Company’s listing (Note 21 (d))          6,038,289                    –                 –                 –      6,038,289
             Costs related to the issue of shares
               (Note 21 (d))                                    (87,585)                  –                 –                 –         (87,585)
             Currency translation differences                            –                –                 –           (1,142)          (1,142)

             Balance at 31 December 2020                     5,944,185           371,774           207,239                (908)      6,522,290

           (a)    Statutory reserves


                  In accordance with relevant rules and regulations in the PRC and the Company’s Articles of Association, companies incorporated
                  in PRC are required to transfer no less than 10% of their profit after taxation calculated under PRC accounting standards and
                  regulations to the statutory reserve funds, until the accumulated total of the fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The
                  statutory reserve funds can only be used, upon approval by the relevant authority, to offset previous years’ losses or to increase
                  the capital of respective companies.


           (b)    Capital reserves


                  During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group acquired the entire equity interests of certain subsidiaries engaged in the
                  Spin-off Business at a cash consideration of RMB86,510,000 from the Remaining Group. The cash consideration paid to the
                  Remaining Group and non-controlling interests as is deemed as return of investments to the Remaining Group and non-controlling
                  interests.

128
                                                         EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020




23   Trade and other payables
                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2020                 2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

       Trade payables (Note a)
       – Related parties (Note 29)                                                                 113,703              183,616
       – Third parties                                                                          1,464,855               578,841

                                                                                                1,578,558               762,457


       Notes payable
       – Related parties (Note 29)                                                                    3,757                   530
       – Third parties                                                                             844,528              333,335

                                                                                                   848,285              333,865


       Accrued payroll                                                                             389,678              531,201


       Other payables
       – Amounts temporarily received from/on behalf of
           property owners or leaser (Note b)                                                      586,707              780,833
       – Deposits                                                                                  322,528              307,011
       – Other tax payables                                                                        189,421              161,242
       – Others                                                                                    211,211                92,506

                                                                                                1,309,867            1,341,592

                                                                                                4,126,388            2,969,115


     (a)    As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the ageing analysis of the trade and notes payables based on goods and services received
            were are follows:



                                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                         2020                 2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

             Up to 1 year                                                                           2,376,074            1,066,737
             1 to 2 years                                                                              32,152               20,429
             2 to 3 years                                                                              10,201                8,990
             More than 3 years                                                                           8,416                 166

                                                                                                    2,426,843            1,096,322




                                                                                                                                        129
      23    Trade and other payables (continued)
            (b)      The amounts mainly represented utilities expenses temporarily collected from the property owners to be paid to related service
                     providers and rental income collected from leases to be returned to the property owners.


            (c)      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, trade and other payables were denominated in RMB and the carrying amounts of trade and
                     other payables approximate their fair values.



      24    Leases
      (a)   Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                                  Properties
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000

              As at 1 January 2019
              Cost                                                                                                                     36,543
              Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                (15,132)

              Net book amount                                                                                                          21,411

              Year ended 31 December 2019
              Opening net book amount                                                                                                  21,411
              Additions                                                                                                                21,330
              Depreciation                                                                                                            (16,897)

              Closing net book amount                                                                                                  25,844

              As at 31 December 2019
              Cost                                                                                                                     45,113
              Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                (19,269)

              Net book amount                                                                                                          25,844

              Year ended 31 December 2020
              Opening net book amount                                                                                                  25,844
              Additions                                                                                                                14,416
              Depreciation                                                                                                            (17,176)

              Closing net book amount                                                                                                  23,084

              As at 31 December 2020
              Cost                                                                                                                     59,529
              Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                (36,445)

              Net book amount                                                                                                          23,084




130
                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           Annual Report 2020




24    Leases (continued)
(b)   Lease liabilities
                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                          2020           2019
                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

       Lease liabilities
       – Current                                                          13,479        13,724
       – Non-current                                                      10,613        12,750
                                                                          24,092        26,474


(c)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                          2020           2019
                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

       Depreciation of right-of-use assets:
       – Properties                                                       17,176        16,897
       Interest expenses (included in finance costs)                       1,957         1,574
       Expense relating to short-term and low-value leases
         (included in cost of sales and administrative expenses)         141,782       124,010


      The total cash outflow for leases during the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 amounted
      to RMB160,537,000 and RMB142,434,000, respectively.


25    Deferred income tax
      The analysis of deferred tax is as follows:

                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                          2020           2019
                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

       Deferred tax assets:
       – To be recovered within 12 months                                 28,169        21,222
       – To be recovered after more than 12 months                        28,733        45,058
                                                                          56,902        66,280
       Deferred tax liabilities:
       – To be recovered within 12 months                                 (2,435)            –
       – To be recovered after more than 12 months                       (12,453)            –
                                                                         (14,888)            –
                                                                          42,014        66,280

                                                                                                   131
      25   Deferred income tax (continued)
           The movement in deferred income tax without considering the offsetting of balances within the
           same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:

                                                                                                   Deferred tax
                                                                                                     liabilities –
                                                         Deferred                                     intangible
                                                     tax assets –                                         assets
                                                       allowance        Deferred      Deferred          acquired
                                                      on doubtful   tax assets –   tax assets –     in business
                                                           debts      tax losses         others   combinations         Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000

            As at 1 January 2019                          30,267         25,161            146                  –     55,574
            Credited/(charged) to the combined
              statements of comprehensive income          11,666           (973)            13                  –     10,706

            At 31 December 2019                           41,933         24,188            159                  –     66,280

            As at 1 January 2020                          41,933         24,188            159                  –     66,280
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                        –              –              –           (15,455)     (15,455)
            Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
              statements of comprehensive income          (8,936)          (537)            95               567       (8,811)

            At 31 December 2020                           32,997         23,651            254           (14,888)     42,014


           According to CIT Law, a withholding income tax of 10% will be levied on the immediate holding
           companies outside the PRC when their PRC subsidiaries declare dividends out of profits
           earned after 1 January 2008. A lower 5% withholding income tax rate may be applied when the
           immediate holding companies of the PRC subsidiaries are established in Hong Kong and fulfil
           requirements under the tax treaty agreements between the relevant authorities of the PRC and
           Hong Kong.


           As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group has unrecognised deferred income tax liabilities
           arising from undistributed profits from the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC to its immediate
           holding company in Hong Kong. No provision has been made in respect of such withholding tax
           as the directors have confirmed that such profits will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.
           Unremitted earnings in this respect amounted to RMB3,741,549,000 and RMB1,216,309,000,
           respectively.




132
                                               EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          Annual Report 2020




26    Cash flow information
(a)   Cash generated from/(used in) operations
                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                               2020           2019
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

       Profit before income tax                                            3,498,739      1,229,185
       Adjustments for:
       – Finance costs                                                          2,103         6,430
       – Depreciation of property and equipment (Note 15)                      21,853        20,758
       – Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 24(a))                      17,176        16,897
       – Amortisation of other intangible assets (Note 16)                      2,793           316
       – Losses from disposal of property and equipment                           194           194
       – (Reverse of)/allowance for impairment losses on
           financial assets                                                   (35,742)       48,210
       – Exchange losses                                                          336              –


       Changes in working capital:
       – Trade and other receivables                                       1,115,779      (2,160,583)
       – Contract liabilities                                                440,051       (205,791)
       – Trade and other payables                                          1,113,028        683,602
       – Restricted cash                                                         (120)             –
                                                                           6,176,190       (360,782)


(b)   Net debt reconciliation
                                                                               Lease
                                                             Borrowings     liabilities      Total
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

       As at 1 January 2019                                     150,000        21,994       171,994
       Additions of leases                                            –        21,330        21,330
       Accrued interest expenses                                      –         1,574         1,574
       Cash flows                                              (147,050)      (18,424)     (165,474)

       As at 31 December 2019                                     2,950        26,474        29,424

       As at 1 January 2020                                       2,950        26,474        29,424
       Additions of leases                                            –        14,416        14,416
       Accrued interest expenses                                      –         1,957         1,957
       Cash flows                                                (2,950)      (18,755)       (21,705)

       As at 31 December 2020                                         –        24,092        24,092


                                                                                                        133
      27    Commitments
      (a)   Capital commitments
            Considerations to be paid for acquisitions of subsidiaries contracted for but not yet completed at
            the years ended 31 December 2020 is as follows:

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                      2020             2019
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

             Up to 1 year                                                                  –                –
             1 to 2 years                                                             37,929                –
                                                                                      37,929                –


      28    Business combinations
            During September to November 2020, the Group acquired five property management companies
            at an aggregate cash consideration of RMB106,023,000. Identified property management
            contract and customer relationship of RMB61,823,000 is recognised as intangible assets. The
            excess of the consideration of acquisition and proportion of the value of the acquired identifiable
            net assets of RMB56,619,000 is recorded as goodwill. The directors of the Company consider
            that none of these subsidiaries acquired during the year was significant to the Group and thus the
            individual financial information of these subsidiaries on the acquisition date was not disclosed.

            Details of the purchase considerations, the net assets acquired are as follows:

                                                                                                   RMB’000

             Purchase consideration
             Total fair value of cash consideration                                                  106,023
             Recognised amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
             Property and equipment                                                                       800
             Intangible assets – property management contracts and customer relationships             61,823
             Trade and other receivables                                                                5,602
             Prepayments                                                                                  161
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                13,343
             Deferred income tax liabilities                                                         (15,455)
             Contract liabilities                                                                        (432)
             Trade and other payables                                                                  (4,223)
             Current income tax liabilities                                                            (1,155)
             Total identifiable net assets                                                            60,464
             Less: non-controlling interests                                                         (11,060)
             Identifiable net assets attributable to the Group                                        49,404
             Goodwill (Note 16)                                                                       56,619


134
                                             EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        Annual Report 2020




28    Business combinations (continued)
      (a)   Net cash outflow arising on acquisition during the year ended 31 December 2020:


                                                                                          RMB’000

             Total cash considerations                                                     106,023
             Less: cash considerations payable as at 31 December 2020                         (37,929)

             Cash considerations paid in the period                                           68,094
             Less: cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries acquired                     (13,343)

             Cash outflow in the year                                                         54,751


29    Related party transactions
(a)   Transactions with related parties
                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2020         2019
                                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000

       Revenue from rendering of services
       – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                 3,953,738    2,658,346
       – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                75,987         87,514

                                                                            4,029,725    2,745,860

       Purchase of goods and services
       – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                   122,130      111,614

       Leasing car parking spaces
       – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                    90,083         59,659


      The transactions above were carried out in the normal course of the Group’s business and on
      terms as agreed between the transacting parties.


(b)   Guarantees from the related parties
      As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank borrowing was guaranteed by completed properties
      held for sale of the Remaining Group of RMB10,000,000. Guarantees from related parties were
      subsequently released in August 2020 upon the repayment of the borrowings.




                                                                                                         135
      29    Related party transactions (continued)
      (c)   Balances with related parties
                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

                  Trade receivables
                  – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                         1,625,055             3,418,277
                  – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                                         56,718                97,365

                                                                                                               1,681,773             3,515,642

                  Notes receivable
                  – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                            736,169                24,900
                  – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                                         22,296                  7,216

                                                                                                                  758,465                32,116

                  Prepayments
                  – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                               4,661                 5,756


                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

                  Trade payables
                  – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                            113,570              176,523
                  – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                                              133                7,093

                                                                                                                  113,703              183,616

                  Notes payable
                  – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                               3,757                   530


                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

                  Amounts due from related parties (ii)
                  – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                                     –         1,349,686


            (i)        The above trade and notes receivable, prepayments and trade and notes payable are trading nature, interest-free and repayable
                       according to terms in contracts.


            (ii)       Amounts due from related parties were non-trade nature, interest-free and payable on demand, and were fully settled during the
136                    year ended 31 December 2020.
                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         Annual Report 2020




29    Related party transactions (continued)
(d)   Key management compensation
      Compensations for key management other than those for directors as disclosed in Note 10 is set
      out below:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                             2020            2019
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000

       Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                   4,567          4,545
       Contribution to pension scheme expenses                                 130             120
                                                                              4,697          4,665


30    Balance sheet and reserve movement of the company
                                                                                             As at
                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                             2020
                                                                                          RMB’000

       Assets
       Non-current assets
       Interests in subsidiaries                                                         9,102,560
       Current assets
       Amounts due from related parties                                                      8,434
       Prepayments                                                                             611
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                            75,642
                                                                                            84,687
       Total assets                                                                      9,187,247
       Equity
       Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
       Share capital                                                                         7,060
       Reserves (Note (a))                                                               9,233,219
       Accumulated losses                                                                  (93,099)
       Total equity                                                                      9,147,180




                                                                                                       137
      30    Balance sheet and reserve movement of the company (continued)
                                                                                                                 As at
                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                 2020
                                                                                                              RMB’000

             Liabilities
             Current liabilities
             Amounts due to related parties                                                                      9,728
             Other payables                                                                                     30,339
                                                                                                                40,067
             Total equity and liabilities                                                                    9,187,247


            The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 16 March 2021
            and was signed on its behalf:




                               Zhao Changlong                                              Hu Liang
                                     Director                                              Director

      (a)   Reserve movement of the Company
                                                                                 Share Recapitalisation
                                                                              premium         reserves           Total
                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000

             As at 1 January 2020                                                     –               –                –
             Acquisition of the Spin-off Business during the Reorganisation           –       3,289,034        3,289,034
             Capitalisation issue                                                (6,519)              –           (6,519)
             Issue of shares in connection with the Listing                   6,038,289               –        6,038,289
             Costs related to the issue of shares                               (87,585)              –          (87,585)

             Balance at 31 December 2020                                      5,944,185       3,289,034        9,233,219


            As at 31 December 2020, the distributable reserves of the Company amounted to RMB9,140,120,000.




138
                                                             EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020




31   Subsidiaries
     Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 and as
     at date of this report, are set out as follows:

                                                                             Registered/                           Equity interest
                                                                              issued and                                  held by
      Name of the Subsidiaries           Date of incorporation            paid-up capital   Principal activities       the Group

      Directly held by the Company
      Incorporated and operating in the BVI with limited liability
      Eagle Investment                   20 July 2020                              USD1     Investment holding              100%
      Indirectly held by the Company
      Incorporated and operating in the BVI with limited liability
      Knight Honour Global Limited       5 November 2019                           USD1     Investment holding              100%
      Oriental Joy                       5 November 2019                           USD1     Investment holding              100%
      Incorporated and operating in Hong Kong with limited liability
      Success Will Group Limited         5 July 2007                           HKD1,000     Investment holding              100%
      Fortune Ascent                     6 October 2017                            HKD1     Property management             100%
                                                                                              services
      Incorporated and operating in the Mainland with limited liability
      Jinbi Property Management          10 September 1997           RMB10,000,000,000/     Property management             100%
                                                                      RMB5,971,530,000        services
      Wuhan Jinbi Jiayuan Property       3 March 2006                     RMB3,000,000/     Property management             100%
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                RMB3,000,000       services
      Guiyang Zhongyu Property           28 June 2011                     RMB3,000,000/     Property management             100%
        Management Co., Ltd.                                                RMB600,000        services
      Chongqing Tongjing Property        29 April 2007                    RMB5,000,000/     Property management             100%
        Services Co., Ltd.                                                 RMB5,000,000       services
      Guiyang New Life Property          21 August 2007                   RMB5,010,000/     Property management             100%
        Services Co., Ltd.                                                 RMB5,010,000       services


32   Subsequent event
     On 29 January 2021, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire the 100% equity interests
     in Ningbo Yatai Hotel Property Services Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Ningbo Yatai
     Group”) at cash consideration of RMB1,500,000,000.


     Upon the completion of the aforesaid acquisition, Ningbo Yatai Group would become subsidiary
     of the Group.




                                                                                                                                     139
      Four-Year Financial Summary
      Consolidated Results
                                                  2017         2018         2019          2020
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                  4,399,356    5,903,226    7,332,722    10,508,859

      Profit before income tax                  136,942      310,292     1,229,185     3,498,739

      Income tax expenses                        (30,378)     (71,284)    (298,661)     (851,371)

      Profit for the year                       106,564      239,008      930,524      2,647,368

      Profit attributable to:
        Shareholders of the Company             106,564      239,075      930,232      2,647,999

        Non-controlling interests                      –          (67)        292           (631)

                                                106,564      239,008      930,524      2,647,368

      Earnings per share for the profit
        attributable to shareholders of
        the Company
      (expressed in RMB cents per share)
      Basis                                         N/A          N/A          0.09          0.26

      Diluted                                       N/A          N/A          0.09          0.26


      Consolidated Financial Position
                                                  2017         2018         2019          2020
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

      Non-current assets                         91,128      138,740      149,752       261,503

      Current assets                           3,611,241    5,703,078    7,306,903    16,802,646

      Current liabilities                      3,141,027    5,036,741    5,669,448     7,104,507

      Net current assets                        470,214      666,337     1,637,455     9,698,139

      Total assets less current liabilities     561,342      805,077     1,787,207     9,959,642

      Non-current liabilities                     4,704        8,304       12,750        25,501

      Equity attributable to shareholders of
        the Company                             556,638      796,840     1,761,607     9,923,179

      Non-controlling interests                        –          (67)     12,850        10,962

      Total equity                              556,638      796,773     1,774,457     9,934,141



140
