CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                       2

Chairman’s Statement                                        4

Management Discussion and Analysis                         11

Corporate Governance and Other Information                 24

Report on Review of Interim Condensed Consolidated
  Financial Statements                                     32

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
  and Other Comprehensive Income                           34

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     35

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      37

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             38

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   39




                                                           2026 Interim Report   1
    Corporate Information

    Board of Directors                           Nomination Committee
    Executive Directors                          Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)
    Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)                  Mr. Peng Liaoyuan
    Mr. Han Chao                                 Ms. Wen Yanhong
    Mr. Hu Xu                                    Mr. Dong Xinyi


    Non-executive Directors                      Authorized Representatives
    Mr. Sang Quan                                Mr. Duan Shengli
    Mr. Lin Wuchang                              Mr. Cheng Ching Kit


    Independent Non-executive Directors          Joint Company Secretaries
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                            Mr. Hu Xu
    Ms. Wen Yanhong                              Mr. Cheng Ching Kit
    Mr. Dong Xinyi
    Mr. Lam Wai Hon                              Headquarters and Principal Place of
    Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard                         Business in the PRC
                                                 Third Compartment of Room 3101
    Audit Committee                              No. 78, Huangpu Avenue West
    Ms. Wen Yanhong (Chairwoman)                 Tianhe District
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                            Guangzhou
    Mr. Dong Xinyi                               Guangdong, PRC


    Remuneration Committee                       Principal Place of Business in
    Mr. Dong Xinyi (Chairman)                      Hong Kong
    Ms. Wen Yanhong                              Room 2201, 22/F, YF Life Centre
    Mr. Han Chao                                 38 Gloucester Road
                                                 Wanchai
                                                 Hong Kong




2   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Registered Office                                   Legal Advisers
Cricket Square                                      Sidley Austin
Hutchins Drive
PO Box 2681                                         Principal Banks
Grand Cayman KY1-1111                               Bank of China Limited
Cayman Islands                                      Agricultural Bank of China Limited
                                                    Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
Principal Share Registrar and                       China Construction Bank Corporation
   Transfer Office                                  China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited              Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
Cricket Square
Hutchins Drive                                      Stock Code on the Main Board of The
PO Box 2681                                           Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Grand Cayman KY1-1111                               6666
Cayman Islands
                                                    Company’s Website
Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and                www.evergrandeservice.com
   Transfer Office
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong


Auditors
CLA Prism Hong Kong Limited
  (formerly known as Prism Hong Kong Limited)
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor




                                                                                         2026 Interim Report   3
    Chairman’s Statement

    Dear Shareholders,

    On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Evergrande Property Services Group
    Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I hereby present the interim results of
    the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (the “Period”). During the Period, the Group achieved
    an operating revenue of approximately RMB6,942.7 million, representing a period-on-period increase
    of approximately 4.5%; gross profit was approximately RMB1,331.9 million, with a gross profit margin
    of approximately 19.2%; and net profit was approximately RMB503.3 million, with a net profit margin of
    approximately 7.2%. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB517.0 million,
    with basic earnings per share of approximately RMB0.05. As at 30 June 2026, the net assets of the
    Company were approximately RMB2,461.0 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB511.2
    million compared with the end of 2025, and the available funds were approximately RMB4,244.3 million,
    representing a decrease of approximately RMB66.2 million compared with 31 December 2025.

    During the Period, the Group cumulatively signed (including renewals) contracted gross floor area (“GFA”)
    from third parties of approximately 43 million sq.m., with annual saturated contract revenue of nearly RMB1.0
    billion; the on-site entry rate of signed contracted projects during the Period reached as high as 94.4%,
    effectively contributing to the Group’s cash flow and profit.


    BUSINESS REVIEW
    In the first half of 2026, the policy side sent clear signals. The Government Work Report incorporated the
    “Property Service Quality Improvement Action” into top-level design for the first time, and the Two Sessions
    explicitly proposed the direction of “property services + living services”, encouraging property management
    services to extend into household scenarios. The Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development
    also published a special article, emphasizing the need to focus on the “key trivial matters” that residents
    experience every day, and to promote the upgrading of living quality through industry self-discipline and
    service standards. While opening up room for development, the policies have also established a new industry
    benchmark — quality, transparency and trust. The room for extensive operation continues to narrow, while
    enterprises that truly focus on service quality are entering a window of opportunity for accelerated realization
    of policy dividends.




4   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
However, beyond opportunities, challenges cannot be overlooked. Property service prices are widely
questioned, labor costs continue to rise, and corporate profitability is under pressure from both sides;
tightening regulation is driving greater transparency of public area revenue; meanwhile, property owners ’
expectations for response efficiency, service refinement and scenario integration continue to rise, while the
industry’s service capabilities have yet to fully keep pace. The combination of these challenges not only tests
enterprises’ existing operating models, but also compels them to reshape the value of their services.

Faced with these challenges, the Group has chosen to respond with a long-term approach by returning
to the original service mission and building credibility through transparency to restore trust with property
owners; empowering through technology to unleash frontline productivity and improve service efficiency;
upgrading capabilities to extend property management from basic maintenance to lifestyle operations,
transforming standalone services into diversified scenario-based solutions. We firmly believe that only by
enhancing service value for lasting satisfaction can property management truly become an enabler of a better
quality of life.

Service quality improvement reveals true excellence in the details. During the Period, we continued to
deepen the “Home Renewal” initiative, investing special funds in community refurbishment and functional
enhancement — from environmental enhancement and smart equipment upgrades to the improvement
of elderly-friendly and child-friendly facilities, a series of flagship projects were implemented, enabling
communities to retain their vitality over time. Beyond hardware renewal, service with a human touch was
also enhanced. We regularly carried out the “Three Initiatives for Direct Communication with Property
Owners”, aiming to bridge the “last hundred meters” in understanding owners’ needs. By regularly organising
“Equipment Room Open Days”, we turned invisible guardianship into visible reassurance; under the “Home
Visit” mechanism, we integrated on-site services with safety promotion, proactively assisted property owners
in identifying potential household safety hazards and maintained special care records for key groups such
as elderly people living alone, truly delivering on every “key trivial matter” around them with heartfelt care.
Meanwhile, through “Property Owner Meet-and-Greet Sessions”, we listened to property owners’ needs
face-to-face, calibrating service direction through open communication to ensure that every improvement
originates from property owners’ feedback and translates into tangible action. The depth of service quality
lies not in grand narratives, but in the closed-loop resolution of every ordinary matter and the day-to-day
attention to details.




                                                                                             2026 Interim Report   5
    Transparency is the simplest way to build trust. During the Period, our self-developed “Gongqubao”
    (Public Area Treasure) was fully launched on the “Wo Jia Deng Huo” (My Home Lights) mini-program, which
    enables intelligent system capture, automatic accounting, apportionment and real-time dynamic display of
    public area revenue such as elevator advertising fees, temporary parking fees and venue rentals, requiring
    no manual intervention throughout the process. Meanwhile, “Gongqubao” has established a demand co-
    creation channel to all property owners, who may at any time initiate voting and raise objections on proposals
    for the use of public area revenue. Every adjustment to operational decisions must pass online voting and
    complete a public notice period before implementation. From manual bookkeeping and paper-based public
    notices to systematic and transparent presentation, technology has resolved the long-standing pain point
    of information asymmetry, driving the relationship between property management and property owners
    from “one-way public notice” to a collaborative governance model featuring “proactive disclosure, whole-
    process supervision and property owner co-construction”. Transparency anchors trust. “Gongqubao” is not
    merely a tool, but a key that brings public area revenue from “behind the scenes” to “in front of the stage” —
    illuminating property owners’ right to know through digitalization, and rebuilding the trust between property
    management and property owners through transparency. Upon its launch, the programme received positive
    feedback from property owners, as well as extensive coverage and favorable reviews from multiple media
    outlets. This recognition from users and society serves as the most powerful testament to the value of
    transparency.




6   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
From managing spaces to operating lifestyle. We focus on high-potential scenarios such as to-home
services, property leasing and sales, and community tourism, continuously refining service offerings and
transforming the inherent advantages of “proximity, all-time availability and trustworthiness” into tangible
service capabilities. We implement the philosophy of “Master One Role, Acquire Diverse Skills, Deliver
Services to Every Household”, promote frontline staff to participate in value-added operations and share
results via a commission mechanism. During the Period, the Group deepened its home repair business,
continuously empowered non-engineering staff by rolling out the “Home Repair Specialist” certification,
effectively improving project repair response efficiency. In conjunction with mature categories such as
housekeeping and cleaning and home appliance cleaning, which jointly drove a period-on-period increase
of 31.9% in to-home service revenue. Meanwhile, we continued to deepen property owner services,
revitalised idle assets of property owners and steadily advanced the “Million Stores” strategy. During the
Period, transaction volume exceeded RMB3.6 billion, with leasing and sales revenue increased by 27.1%
period-on-period. In addition, we expanded premium tourism services in response to property owners’ travel
needs, cumulatively serving over 64,000 property owner trips during the Period, with revenue increasing by
141.2% period-on-period. All business segments worked in synergy, with employee income growth and
service extension advancing simultaneously. During the Period, a cumulative total of over 22,000 employees
participated in value-added business and received commissions. The philosophy of “everyone is an operator”
has taken root at the service frontline, with operational awareness deeply activated across the workforce and
the foundation for value-added business development continuously consolidated.

Extend human capabilities with AI. We accelerated the implementation of “AI+” in business scenarios.
During the Period, we upgraded the smart billing system, transforming passive arrears chasing into flexible
reminders through automatic fee calculation, multi-channel payment collection and payment preference
identification, significantly improving collection efficiency. Meanwhile, we integrated multi-line inspections of
cleaning, security, engineering and others into comprehensive inspections. With AI recognition and intelligent
assessment, the system can automatically detect dozens of scenario-based problems such as overflowing
trash bins, obstructed passageways and equipment anomalies, achieving more accurate risk warnings with
less manpower, and upgrading community security from “human patrol” to “smart prevention”. In addition,
we continuously iterated the “Xuanlan” intelligent customer complaint system, which dynamically generates
emotional heat maps based on semantic understanding and emotion perception, transforming passive
receiving into proactive insight. Simultaneously, it works in deep synergy with intelligent work orders, forming
a full-process closed-loop of proactive demand discovery, early warning, timely resolution and effectiveness
evaluation. AI does not replace humans; rather, it liberates people from tedious tasks, allowing us to refocus
on property owners and enabling employees to concentrate more on services with human touch.




                                                                                              2026 Interim Report   7
    The Group’s subsidiary, Shenzhen Evertro Data Technology Group Co., Ltd. (“Evertro Tech”), draws on the
    Group’s profound experience accumulated across 3,000 projects and 100,000 employees, and precisely
    addresses the pain points of property service enterprises with the three product strengths: “efficiency
    improvement, revenue growth and property owner satisfaction ”. With standardized products and agile
    delivery, it is rapidly expanding the market. During the Period, it successfully signed contracts with more than
    300 external property service enterprises, with platform products continuously gaining customer recognition
    through practical application and commercial value becoming increasingly prominent.

    Build a talent team in sync with the business. During the Period, we promoted the service ethos via
    role-model examples, kept discovering “service role models among our colleagues”, so that those who serve
    with dedication can be recognised and respected, fully fostering a team atmosphere of “comparing, learning,
    catching up, helping and surpassing”, and making enhanced service awareness and standards part of daily
    routine and inherent behaviour. Cadre evaluation adheres to the principles of “conduct, performance and
    original aspiration”, with actual achievements as the primary yardstick, while simultaneously putting in place
    a scientific and reasonable fault tolerance mechanism to provide sufficient latitude for those who dare to act
    and are capable of delivering results. We also improved the talent pool at all levels to sustain organizational
    vitality. Building on this foundation, we kept abreast of AI technology trend, promoted the iteration of job roles
    towards hybrid capabilities, optimized organizational structure and business processes, and strengthened
    cross-functional collaboration to make resource allocation more precise and on-site management more
    efficient.


    FUTURE OUTLOOK
    The Company will take technology as its core engine, and press ahead with four initiatives in tandem:
    cognitive upgrading, organizational restructuring, skill re-orientation and transformation of working models.
    We will translate digital and intelligent technology into productivity, recreate value through refined services,
    galvanise internal impetus via cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, and empower the industry to
    unlock growth potential. The Company will firmly pursue high-quality development driven by technology and
    guided by value.




8   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Deepen service value creation. Service quality is the cornerstone of a property service enterprise and
serves as the most solid bond connecting customers. In the second half of 2026, we will continue to
consolidate daily services to high standards, and roll out checklist-style quantitative management so that
every service is subject to defined standards, traceable records and controllable quality. In parallel, we will
leverage digital and intelligent tools to achieve end-to-end visibility across the full service lifecycle. We will
advance bill disclosure, work order tracking and accessible evaluation record, allowing property owners to
intuitively perceive every dimension of the service. When trust becomes the bedrock of service, property
management is not merely a service provider, but a trustworthy everyday living partner. The Company will
focus on core demand scenarios such as community group buying, property leasing and sales, and to-home
services. We will concentrate on a “one meter wide” domain while exerting “one hundred meters deep”
efforts to continuously refine product strength through in-depth cultivation. Meanwhile, we will stimulate
all-staff operational synergy, and continue to empower the frontline, making professional capabilities the
cornerstone of winning property owners’ trust, so as to achieve a virtuous cycle of “service value addition,
employee income growth and owner satisfaction”.

From organizational efficiency improvement to industry empowerment. In the second half of 2026,
we will continue to promote the deep embedding of AI throughout the service chain—from frontline service
response to middle and back office operation management, from energy scheduling to asset operation
and maintenance. We will transform “people looking for tasks” into “AI-driven task allocation where tasks
are matched to personnel”, and extend AI capabilities from standardized scenarios to complex business
processes. Meanwhile, we will build intelligent work partners for frontline employees, converting excellent
experience into readily accessible knowledge assets, so that every employee, regardless of experience level,
has a powerful digital platform behind him or her, and transforms the vision of “Master One Role, Acquire
Diverse Skills” into tangible practice, thereby overall raising the team’s capability curve.

Building on the scale of the Group, we will focus on building Evertro Tech’s out-of-the-box SaaS product
matrix and providing small and medium-sized property service enterprises with one-stop digital and intelligent
solutions covering all scenarios. With an extremely low entry barrier and exceptionally high delivery efficiency,
we aim to address the transformation challenges faced by small and medium-sized property service
enterprises, striving to become their preferred strategic partner for digital and intelligent upgrades. We will
leverage product strength to build market trust and service strength to establish industry reputation. Adhering
to the technology-for-good and people-oriented technology philosophy, we enable frontline property workers
to enjoy greater professional dignity, and enable millions of families to access more transparent and higher-
quality property management services.




                                                                                               2026 Interim Report   9
     Great achievements stem from ambition, vast undertakings come from diligence. Finally, on behalf of the
     Board, I would like to express my sincere respect to all colleagues and the management team for their
     perseverance and dedication, and extend my heartfelt thanks to all shareholders and stakeholders for their
     support and trust. Let us continue to forge ahead together, and take solid actions to propel the Company to
     a new stage of high-quality development.




     Duan Shengli
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 31 August 2026




10   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from four business segments: (i) property management services; (ii)
community living services; (iii) asset management services; and (iv) community operation services. During the
Period, the Group’s total revenue was approximately RMB6,942.7 million, representing a period-on-period
increase of approximately 4.5%.

The following table sets out a breakdown of revenue by business segments of the Group for the periods
indicated:

                               For the six months ended         For the six months ended
                                      30 June 2026                    30 June 2025

                                               Percentage                       Percentage
                                                    of total                         of total
                                   Revenue         revenue         Revenue         revenue      Growth rate
                                  (RMB’000)              (%)     (RMB’000)               (%)              (%)

Property management
   services                       5,846,160            84.2      5,627,822             84.6               3.9
   – Basic property
        management
        services                  5,831,492            84.0      5,611,812             84.4               3.9
   – Value-added services
        to non-property
        owners                       14,668             0.2         16,010               0.2             -8.4
Community living services           537,800             7.7        456,205               6.9            17.9
Asset management services           406,981             5.9        398,907               6.0              2.0
Community operation
   services                         151,709             2.2        163,656               2.5             -7.3

Total                             6,942,650           100.0      6,646,590            100.0               4.5




                                                                                            2026 Interim Report   11
     (i)   Property management services
           During the Period, revenue from property management services amounted to approximately
           RMB5,846.2 million, representing a period-on-period increase of approximately 3.9%. Among them:

           1.    Revenue from basic property management services amounted to approximately RMB5,831.5
                 million, representing a period-on-period increase of approximately 3.9%, which was mainly
                 attributable to (i) the increase in the Group’s GFA under management; and (ii) the Group’s
                 strategy of promoting fee collection through enhanced services, which led to continuous
                 improvement of service standards and a reduction in risk-exposed customers.

                 As of 30 June 2026, the Group had a total GFA under management of approximately 603
                 million sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 7 million sq.m. as compared with the
                 total GFA under management of approximately 596 million sq.m. as at 30 June 2025.

                 During the Period, (i) due to the principle of prudence, the Group recognized revenue from basic
                 property management services on the basis of the consideration expected to be received for
                 the provision of property management services to customers. For certain third party customers
                 with significantly increased credit risk, the Group has not recognized revenue for the portion
                 of the consideration from those customers for which the Group has fulfilled its performance
                 obligations but has not yet collected the consideration, taking into account their willingness to
                 pay the consideration when their consideration was overdue; and (ii) considering the status of
                 related parties, the Group’s revenue from property management services during the Period
                 excluded revenue from basic property management services such as management of vacant
                 properties relating to related parties of approximately RMB255.7 million based on the principle
                 of robustness.




12   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
              The following table sets out a breakdown of revenue from basic property management services
              by business segments of the Group for the periods indicated:

                                        For the six months ended      For the six months ended
                                              30 June 2026                  30 June 2025

                                                       Percentage                    Percentage
                                                           of total                        of total
                                           Revenue        revenue        Revenue        revenue       Growth rate
               Project sources           (RMB’000)             (%)     (RMB’000)               (%)             (%)

               Residential/
                 commercial, etc.         4,944,539           84.8     4,786,155             85.3             3.3
               Public construction
                 projects/city public
                 service, etc.             886,953            15.2       825,657             14.7             7.4

               Total                      5,831,492          100.0     5,611,812            100.0             3.9



        2.    Revenue from value-added services to non-property owners amounted to approximately
              RMB14.7 million.

(ii)    Community living services
        During the Period, revenue from community living services amounted to approximately RMB537.8
        million, representing a period-on-period increase of approximately 17.9%, which was mainly
        attributable to: (i) focusing on the service needs within property owners’ homes, and expanding the
        product categories and service scale of to-home services; (ii) expanding the business scale and
        increasing operating revenue based on the demand for direct-drinking water and new energy charging
        of the property owners; (iii) expanding the coverage of cultural and tourism services to drive revenue
        growth; and (iv) optimizing the supply chain and service capabilities of the community retail business,
        and adding high-frequency and rigid-demand product categories to promote steady revenue growth.

(iii)   Asset management services
        During the Period, revenue from asset management services amounted to approximately RMB407.0
        million, representing a period-on-period increase of approximately 2.0%, which was mainly attributable
        to the Group’s reliance on the advantages of community resources, optimization of the professional
        service team, promotion of the in-depth integration of property rental and sales with property services,
        enhancement of customer satisfaction and business conversion rate through differentiated services,
        thereby driving steady revenue growth.

                                                                                                2026 Interim Report   13
     (iv)    Community operation services

             During the Period, revenue from community operation services amounted to approximately RMB151.7
             million, representing a period-on-period decrease of approximately 7.3%, which was mainly
             attributable to the decrease in revenue from the related business as a result of the decrease in the
             demand from merchants for community marketing and venue partnerships due to the impact of the
             external market environment.

     The table below sets out a breakdown of revenue by source of the Group’s revenue for the periods indicated:

                                     For the six months ended         For the six months ended
                                            30 June 2026                    30 June 2025

                                                     Percentage                       Percentage
                                                          of total                         of total
                                        Revenue          revenue         Revenue          revenue     Growth rate
     Revenue sources                   (RMB’000)               (%)      (RMB’000)              (%)             (%)

     Related parties                        2,655             0.0          20,473              0.3           -87.0
     Third parties                     6,939,995            100.0      6,626,117             99.7              4.7

     Total                             6,942,650            100.0      6,646,590            100.0              4.5




     Cost of sales
     The Group’s cost of sales includes staff costs, greening and cleaning costs, facilities and equipment repair
     and maintenance costs, energy costs, procurement costs for value-added business, taxes and other levies.

     During the Period, the cost of sales of the Group increased by approximately 3.0% from approximately
     RMB5,447.9 million for the corresponding period in 2025 to approximately RMB5,610.8 million for the
     Period, which was mainly attributable to: (i) the expansion of the Group’s GFA under management; (ii) the
     continuous advancement of project renewal works and the upgrade of fire protection maintenance facilities
     with a view to enhancing service quality; and (iii) the corresponding increase in procurement costs as a result
     of the vigorous development of community living businesses.




14   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Gross profit and gross profit margin
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin by business
segments for the periods indicated:

                                         For the six months ended              For the six months ended
                                               30 June 2026                          30 June 2025

                                                           Gross profit                           Gross profit
                                         Gross profit           margin         Gross profit             margin
                                          (RMB’000)                  (%)        (RMB’000)                   (%)

Property management services                 945,500               16.2           836,897                 14.9
     – Basic property management
        services                             944,164               16.2           835,450                 14.9
     – Value-added services to
        non-property owners                    1,336                 9.1             1,447                  9.0
Community living services                    118,854               22.1            99,251                 21.8
Asset management services                    205,788               50.6           195,521                 49.0
Community operation services                  61,746               40.7            67,020                 41.0

Total                                      1,331,888               19.2         1,198,689                 18.0



During the Period, the Group’s overall gross profit amounted to approximately RMB1,331.9 million, with a
gross profit margin of approximately 19.2%, representing a period-on-period increase of approximately 1.2
percentage points.

1.      In respect of property management services, gross profit margin increased by approximately 1.3
        percentage points from approximately 14.9% for the corresponding period in 2025 to approximately
        16.2% for the Period. Among them, the gross profit margin from basic property management services
        increased by approximately 1.3 percentage points from approximately 14.9% for the corresponding
        period in 2025 to approximately 16.2% for the Period, which was mainly attributable to: (i) the Group’s
        focus on quality scale expansion; (ii) continuous improvement of service quality and reduction of risk-
        exposed customers; and (iii) effective control of operating costs through the centralized procurement
        mechanism and the digital and intelligent management platform.




                                                                                              2026 Interim Report   15
     2.    In respect of community living services, gross profit margin increased by approximately 0.3 percentage
           points from approximately 21.8% for the corresponding period in 2025 to approximately 22.1% for
           the Period, which was mainly attributable to: (i) the Group’s continuous optimization of the profit
           model; and (ii) the effective reduction of customer acquisition costs as a result of improved business
           reputation and enhanced team professionalism.

     3.    In respect of asset management services, gross profit margin increased by approximately 1.6
           percentage points from approximately 49.0% for the corresponding period in 2025 to approximately
           50.6% for the Period, which was mainly attributable to the expansion of the self-operated scale of the
           property rental and sales business, the establishment of a professional team and the improvement of
           per capita efficiency, thereby increasing the gross profit margin.

     4.    In respect of community operation services, gross profit margin decreased by approximately 0.3
           percentage points from approximately 41.0% for the corresponding period in 2025 to approximately
           40.7% for the Period.


     Administrative and marketing expenses
     During the Period, the administrative and marketing expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 5.1%
     from approximately RMB460.4 million for the corresponding period in 2025 to approximately RMB437.0
     million for the Period, which was mainly attributable to the Group’s continuous efforts to reduce costs and
     increase efficiency and to strictly control the administrative expenses.


     Other income
     During the Period, other income was approximately RMB30.9 million, representing a decrease of
     approximately RMB3.9 million as compared with approximately RMB34.8 million for the corresponding
     period in 2025.




16   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Other (losses)/gains
During the Period, the Group’s net other losses amounted to approximately RMB44.1 million, representing
an increase in losses of approximately RMB44.3 million as compared with net other gains of approximately
RMB0.2 million for the corresponding period in 2025, which was mainly attributable to impairment of goodwill
during the Period.


Income tax expenses
During the Period, the Group’s income tax expense was approximately RMB162.7 million, representing a
decrease of approximately RMB15.0 million from approximately RMB177.7 million for the corresponding
period in 2025, which was mainly attributable to an increase in the recognition of deferred income tax assets.


Profit for the Period
During the Period, the Group’s net profit was approximately RMB503.3 million, representing an increase of
approximately 2.5% as compared to approximately RMB491.2 million for the corresponding period in 2025.
The net profit margin was approximately 7.2%, representing a decrease of approximately 0.2 percentage
points as compared to approximately 7.4% for the corresponding period in 2025.

During the Period, the profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB517.0 million,
representing an increase of approximately 9.5% from approximately RMB472.3 million for the corresponding
period in 2025.


Property and equipment
The Group’s property and equipment mainly comprises buildings, machinery, vehicles, furniture, fixtures and
equipment.

As at 30 June 2026, the net book value of the Group’s property and equipment amounted to approximately
RMB88.2 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB6.2 million as compared with approximately
RMB82.0 million as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                            2026 Interim Report   17
     Intangible assets
     The Group’s intangible assets include computer software, property management contracts and customer
     relationships and goodwill.

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group ’ s intangible assets amounted to approximately RMB1,294.1 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately RMB85.9 million as compared with approximately RMB1,380.0
     million as at 31 December 2025, which was mainly attributable to impairment and amortization of goodwill,
     property management contracts and customer relationships recognized by the subsidiaries acquired in prior
     years amounting to approximately RMB42.8 million and approximately RMB42.5 million, respectively, during
     the Period.


     Trade and other receivables
     As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s trade receivables amounted to approximately RMB2,923.4 million,
     representing an increase of approximately RMB272.6 million as compared with approximately RMB2,650.8
     million as at 31 December 2025, which was mainly attributable to the increase in the balance of trade
     receivables resulting from the expansion of the Group’s GFA under management and the impact of the
     payment collection cycle of certain projects.

     The Group’s other receivables decreased by approximately RMB0.4 million from approximately RMB519.7
     million as at 31 December 2025 to approximately RMB519.3 million as at 30 June 2026.


     Trade and other payables
     Trade and other payables include trade payables, provisional receipts, deposits payable, consideration
     payable for mergers and acquisitions, wages and benefits payable, dividends payable, tax payable and
     estimated liabilities.

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group ’ s trade payables amounted to approximately RMB1,978.9 million,
     representing an increase of approximately RMB91.6 million as compared with approximately RMB1,887.3
     million as at 31 December 2025, which was mainly attributable to the expansion of the Group ’s revenue
     scale and the increase in trade payables for materials procurement, repair and maintenance works, and other
     related expenses arising from the Group’s efforts to enhance service quality.




18   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Other payables decreased by approximately RMB241.2 million from approximately RMB2,144.5 million as at
31 December 2025 to approximately RMB1,903.3 million as at 30 June 2026 (of which long-term payables
of approximately RMB75.0 million, and current payables of approximately RMB1,828.3 million), which was
mainly attributable to the Group’s payment of consideration for business combinations in prior years and the
decrease in transactions with third parties.


Contract liabilities
Contract liabilities mainly arise from prepayments made by customers for related services yet to be provided
such as property management services, community living services, asset management services and
community operation services. As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s contract liabilities were approximately
RMB2,317.0 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB306.7 million as compared with
approximately RMB2,623.7 million as at 31 December 2025, which was mainly attributable to the decrease
in the prepayment for property service fees.


Liquidity and financial resources
As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s total available funds (including cash and cash equivalents, restricted
cash, wealth management products and structured deposits maturing within three months) amounted to
approximately RMB4,244.3 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB66.2 million as compared
with approximately RMB4,310.5 million as at 31 December 2025.

Of the Group’s total bank deposits and cash, restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB127.6 million
mainly represented the industry regulatory funds of Evergrande Insurance Agency Co., Ltd., deposits for the
provision of property management services as required by local government authorities, cash restricted to
projects managed on a remuneration basis only and funds for litigation preservation of some subsidiaries.

As at 30 June 2026, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB645.2 million (as at 31
December 2025: net current assets of approximately RMB87.5 million). The Group’s current ratio (current
assets/current liabilities) was approximately 1.09 times (as at 31 December 2025: 1.01 times).

As at 30 June 2026, the Group did not have any borrowings. Accordingly, the gearing ratio (calculated
as total borrowings divided by total equity at the dates indicated) as at 30 June 2026 was nil (as at 31
December 2025: nil).




                                                                                           2026 Interim Report   19
     MAJOR RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The major risks and uncertainties faced by the Group are set forth below. Such factors are not exhaustive
     and therefore other risks and uncertainties may also exist.


     Industry risks
     The operation of the Group may be affected by the regulatory landscape of the industry and related
     measures. The main reason is that the fees charged by property management companies for management
     services are strictly monitored and supervised by relevant regulatory authorities. The business performance
     of the Group depends on the contracted GFA, the chargeable GFA under management and the number
     of property projects under management, but the business growth is affected and will likely continue to be
     affected by the regulations of the Government of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) in relation to the
     industry to which the Group belongs.


     Business risks
     The Group’s ability to maintain or improve its current profit level depends on its ability to maintain or expand
     its current scale and effectively control operating costs. Affected by the market environment and related
     party issues, the Group may be unable to collect relevant revenues such as property management fees from
     customers, which may result in impairment losses on trade receivables; the Group cannot guarantee that
     it will obtain new property management service contracts as planned, or at an appropriate pace and price;
     the liquidation of the controlling shareholder may also lead to a change in the Company’s controlling rights,
     which may affect the stability of the Company’s management team; in addition, the Group’s profit margin
     and operating results may be materially and adversely affected by increases in labor costs or other operating
     costs. All the above factors may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition
     and operating results.




20   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Risks arising from related party issues
Affected by the liquidation of the controlling shareholder and the progress of its asset disposal, the Group
may face the termination of some of its prior property management service contracts and be unable to
convert the contracted GFA promptly and effectively. Furthermore, changes in the profit model of certain
related party businesses may lead to a decline in the profitability of the relevant businesses. Meanwhile, in
the past, the promotion and sale of wealth management products to property owners by related parties may
have involved certain subsidiaries and employees of the Company. Due to the overdue non-redemption of
some wealth management products, some employees have assisted the relevant authorities in investigations.
Meanwhile, during the property promotion process by the related parties, there were issues such as
unfulfilled commitments regarding property management fees. All these situations have directly affected
property owners’ willingness to pay fees and exerted a negative impact on the Company’s collection of
property management fees from property owners and the recovery of receivables. Up to the present, the
Board is not yet able to accurately assess the specific impact that the above-mentioned issues may have on
the Group. The Company will continue to follow them up and fulfill its disclosure obligations in accordance
with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) in a timely manner when appropriate.


Foreign exchange risks
The business of the Group is mainly located in PRC. Save for bank deposits denominated in foreign
currencies, there is no major direct exchange rate fluctuation risk faced by the Group. During the Period, the
Directors expected that the RMB exchange rate would not have a material adverse effect on the operations
of the Group. Currently, the Group has not entered into contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange
risk, but the management will continue to monitor foreign exchange risks and adopt prudent measures to
reduce potential exchange risks.




                                                                                            2026 Interim Report   21
     Risk of unrecoverable material losses
     The Group has incurred significant losses (the “Losses”) as a result of the enforcement by relevant banks
     of the pledge of RMB13.4 billion deposits, which had been fully provided for as impairment losses in 2021.
     The Group has filed proceedings against the China Evergrande Group (in liquidation) (“China Evergrande
     Group”) and the relevant responsible parties for the recovery of Losses with the Guangzhou Intermediate
     People ’ s Court of Guangdong Province in the PRC and obtained court judgements that the China
     Evergrande Group and the relevant responsible parties (except for Guangzhou Xinyuan) shall repay the
     deposit pledge amount and interest losses and bear the case handling fee. Among them, the judgements
     of Evergrande Hengkang 1.7 billion Proceeding, Evergrande Hengkang 1 billion Proceeding, Jinbi Hengying
     1 billion Proceeding, Jinbi Hengying 0.7 billion Proceeding and Jinbi Property 2 billion Proceeding have
     become effective and the remaining cases are still subject to appeal. The Group will make every effort to
     promote the enforcement work in accordance with the effective judgments of the court. As at 30 June 2026,
     the Group has recovered approximately RMB9.5 million from the relevant parties, and will continue to take
     reasonable measures to collect the remaining debt in future to actively safeguard the interests of the Group.
     However, subject to the current status of the China Evergrande Group and the relevant responsible parties,
     there are still material uncertainties as to the amount of Losses that could be recovered by the Group, and
     the Company will keep the market informed of any progress in a timely manner by way of publication of
     further announcement(s).


     PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     As at 30 June 2026, the Group had no pledged assets.


     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     As at 30 June 2026, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.




22   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
HUMAN RESOURCES
As at 30 June 2026, the Group had 101,070 employees (as at 31 December 2025: 100,567 employees).
During the Period, the total staff costs were approximately RMB3,341.2 million. The employees were
remunerated in accordance with the Group’s remuneration and welfare policies with reference to the
positions of employees, performance, profitability of the Company, industry level and market environment.

The Group has to participate in social insurance contribution plans or other retirement plans organized
by local governments, and make contributions to social insurance funds monthly on behalf of employees
for the payment of pension funds, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance,
unemployment insurance and housing provident funds, or make contributions to mandatory provident fund
for employees regularly.

Based on the three-level training mechanism of “headquarters-region-project”, the Group is committed to
implementing a three-year training program for management trainees recruited from campus, trainings for
new employees and key talent trainings. The Group organizes and conducts trainings on various professional
skills, general aptitude, management ability and corporate culture in accordance with our business
development needs and employee career planning, in order to improve the comprehensive quality and work
capabilities of employees.

During the Period, all staff participated in training, with a total of 330,000 hours of training and an average of
3.3 hours of training per person.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF
SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group did not have any significant investment, material
acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
As at 30 June 2026, the Group had no specific future plans for material investments or capital assets.




                                                                                               2026 Interim Report   23
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The shareholders of the Company resolved at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 10
     May 2021 to adopt the share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”).

     The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to selected eligible
     participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group. The
     Directors consider that the Share Option Scheme will serve to motivate the eligible participants to contribute
     to the Group’s development. The Share Option Scheme, which will be in the form of options to subscribe
     for the shares of the Company (the “Shares”), will enable the Group to recruit, incentivize and retain high-
     calibre staff. The Directors consider that it is in line with modern business practice to grant incentives to
     eligible participants of the Group (which shall include any full-time or part-time employee, executive, officer
     or director of the Group and any associated corporation of the Company, and any other person, consultant,
     expert adviser, agent, supplier or joint venture partner who, in the sole opinion of the Board, will make or has
     made a contribution to the Group) to align their interests and objectives with those of the Group.

     The Share Option Scheme does not specify a minimum period for which an option must be held nor a
     performance target which must be achieved before an option can be exercised. However, the rules of
     the Share Option Scheme provide that the Board may determine, at its sole discretion, such terms and
     conditions on the grant of an option provided that no option shall be exercised more than 10 years after it
     has been granted. The vesting period of any share options granted under the Share Option Scheme must
     not be more than 10 years commencing on the date of grant.

     Based on the 10,810,811,000 Shares in issue as at the date of the extraordinary general meeting for
     adoption of the Share Option Scheme on 10 May 2021, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued
     upon exercise of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme is 1,081,081,100 Shares, being 10%
     of the issued Shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of adoption of the Share
     Option Scheme and this report.

     The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option
     Scheme to any eligible participant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue within any 12-month period.

     Any option will be deemed to have been granted and accepted by the grantee when the duplicate offer
     document constituting acceptance of the option duly signed by the grantee, and a remittance in favour of the
     Company of HK$1.00 as consideration for the grant thereof is received by the Company.




24   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
The exercise price of the options is determined by the Board at its absolute discretion and will be not
less than the highest price of the official closing price of the Company’s Shares as stated in the daily
quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of grant, the average official closing price of the
Company’s Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five business
days immediately preceding the date of grant and the nominal value of the Shares of the Company.

At the beginning and the end of the six months ended 30 June 2026, the number of share options available
for grant under the Share Option Scheme was both 1,081,081,100 Shares. No service provider sublimit was
set under the Share Option Scheme.

The Share Option Scheme is valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing from its date of
adoption until 9 May 2031. As at the date of this report, the remaining term of the Share Option Scheme
is approximately 4 years and 8 months. During the six months ended 30 June 2026 and as at the date of
this report, no share options were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme,
and there were no outstanding share options under the Share Option Scheme. Accordingly, the number of
Shares that may be issued in respect of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the six
months ended 30 June 2026 divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury
shares) for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was nil.

Save as disclosed above, the Company has not adopted any other share option scheme or share award
scheme.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register
required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules were as follows:




                                                                                           2026 Interim Report   25
     (i)    Interests in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                  Capacity in which                                  Number of                        percentage of
             Name of Director                     interests are held                               Shares held                       shareholding(1)

             Mr. Duan Shengli                     Beneficial owner                                     3,550,000                                  0.03%
             Mr. Han Chao                         Beneficial owner                                       210,000                                  0.00%
             Mr. Hu Xu                            Beneficial owner                                           3,500                                0.00%
             Mr. Sang Quan                        Beneficial owner                                           1,000                                0.00%


            Notes:


            1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of Shares in issue of the Company as at 30 June 2026.


            2.       All interests stated above are long position.



     (ii)   Interest in shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                    Capacity in                                          Approximate
                                              Name of associated                    which interests                  Number of          percentage of
             Name of Director                 corporation                           are held                        shares held        shareholding(1)

             Mr. Duan Shengli                 China Evergrande Group(2)             Beneficial owner                      10,000                  0.00%
             Mr. Sang Quan                    China Evergrande                      Beneficial owner                      55,500                  0.00%
                                                  New Energy Vehicle
                                                  Group Limited


            Notes:


            1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of shares in issue of the respective associated corporation as at 30 June
                     2026.


            2.       The listing of the shares of China Evergrande Group has been cancelled with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 25 August 2025.


            3.       All interests stated above are long position.




26   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
(iii)   Interest in share options of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                        Capacity in                                                    Approximate
                                    Name of associated                  which interests                        Number of             percentage of
         Name of Director           corporation                         are held                      underlying shares              shareholding(1)

         Mr. Duan Shengli(2)        China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                       20,600,000                      0.16%
         Mr. Han Chao     (2)
                                    China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                            40,000                     0.00%
         Mr. Hu Xu(2)               China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                            80,000                     0.00%
         Mr. Sang Quan              China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                           150,000                     0.00%
         Mr. Lin Wuchang            China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                            70,000                     0.00%


        Notes:


        1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of shares in issue of the associated corporation as at 30 June 2026.


        2.       Mr. Duan Shengli, Mr. Han Chao and Mr. Hu Xu have issued notices to the liquidators of China Evergrande Group regarding the waiver
                 of their share options.


        3.       All interests stated above are long position.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors, chief executive of the Company or
their respective associates had any other interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or
debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                                                2026 Interim Report    27
     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
     So far as is known to any Director or chief executive of the Company, as at 30 June 2026, the following
     persons had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed
     to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded
     in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO or which were otherwise notified to the
     Company and the Stock Exchange:

                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                      Capacity in which                                 Number of                        percentage of
      Name of Shareholder                             interests are held                                Shares held       (1)
                                                                                                                                         shareholding(2)

      Mr. Hui Ka Yan                                  Interest in controlled corporation                5,590,229,000(3)(4)                       51.71%
      Xin Xin (BVI) Limited                           Interest in controlled corporation                5,590,229,000           (3)(4)
                                                                                                                                                  51.71%
      China Evergrande Group                          Interest in controlled corporation                5,590,229,000           (3)(4)
                                                                                                                                                  51.71%
                                                          and beneficial owner


     Notes:


     1.       The disclosure of the number of Shares held was made in accordance with the latest reported disclosure of interests notice as of 30 June 2026.


     2.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of Shares in issue of the Company as at 30 June 2026.


     3.       According to the disclosure of interests notices last filed by Mr. Hui Ka Yan (“Mr. Hui”), Xin Xin (BVI) Limited and China Evergrande Group on
              16 December 2022 in respect of their interests on 14 December 2022, of the 5,590,229,000 Shares, 5,383,074,000 Shares were held directly
              by CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited (in liquidation) (“CEG Holdings”) and 207,155,000 Shares were held directly by China Evergrande Group. CEG
              Holdings is directly owned as to 50% by China Evergrande Group and as to 50% by Shengjian (BVI) Limited, respectively. Shengjian (BVI) Limited
              is wholly owned by Anji (BVI) Limited, which in turn is wholly owned by China Evergrande Group. Xin Xin (BVI) Limited is a company wholly owned
              by Mr. Hui and is the direct holding shareholder of China Evergrande Group. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Hui and Xin Xin (BVI) Limited were deemed
              to be interested in the Shares in which China Evergrande Group was interested, and China Evergrande Group, Anji (BVI) Limited and Shengjian (BVI)
              Limited were deemed to be interested in the Shares held by CEG Holdings .


     4.       According to the announcements of China Evergrande Group (the listing of whose shares was cancelled with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 25 August
              2025) dated 13 September 2024 (the “Announcement”), 12 May 2025, 9 June 2025 and 2 July 2025, CEG Holdings is directly owned as to 50%
              and 50% by China Evergrande Group and Shengjian (BVI) Limited respectively, and as at the date of the Announcement, held 5,368,074,000
              Shares of the Company (representing approximately 49.65% of the total issued Shares). Further, in accordance with the Company’s
              announcement dated 11 September 2025, China Evergrande Group and CEG Holdings directly or indirectly hold 51.016% of the Company’s
              issued share capital. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Hui, Xin Xin (BVI) Limited, China Evergrande Group and Shengjian (BVI) Limited were deemed to be
              interested in the Shares of the Company held by CEG Holdings.


     5.       All interests stated above are long positions.




28   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the six months ended 30 June 2026, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased,
sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including the sale or transfer of treasury shares).

As of 30 June 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.20 OF THE LISTING RULES
To the best knowledge of the Directors, as at 30 June 2026, there were no circumstances which would give
rise to a disclosure obligation under Rule 13.20 of the Listing Rules in relation to advances to an entity by the
Company.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save for the matter disclosed below, since 30 June 2026 and up to the date of this report, there have been
no other material subsequent events that have occurred to the Group.




                                                                                              2026 Interim Report   29
     Progress of the Potential Transaction
     The joint and several liquidators (the “Liquidators”) of China Evergrande Group and CEG Holdings have
     been seeking opportunities to dispose of, among other things, the Shares in the Company held by China
     Evergrande Group and CEG Holdings (the “Potential Transaction”). As at the date of this report, the
     latest progress of the Potential Transaction is as follows: (i) following the decision of the previous potential
     purchaser not to proceed with the Potential Transaction, the Liquidators have continued discussions with
     several potential purchasers regarding the Potential Transaction. Such potential purchasers include parties
     newly joining the process as well as other parties that have previously participated in the process; (ii) a
     number of potential purchasers have been invited to conduct due diligence on the Group and to submit
     non-binding proposals in relation to the Potential Transaction by September 2026; and (iii) as at the date
     of this report, the Liquidators have not entered into any formal or legally binding agreement with any
     potential purchaser in relation to the Potential Transaction, and the timing for the execution of any definitive
     transaction documentation has yet to be determined. For details of the above matters, please refer to the
     announcements of the Company dated 11 September 2025, 15 October 2025, 14 November 2025, 19
     December 2025, 13 January 2026, 6 February 2026, 11 March 2026, 14 April 2026, 19 May 2026, 25 June
     2026, 27 July 2026 and 20 August 2026.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
     The Company has adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set
     out in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the Company’s corporate governance code. For the six
     months ended 30 June 2026, the Company had complied with all the applicable code provisions of the CG
     Code.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the Company’s
     code of conduct securities transactions by the Directors. The Company has made specific enquiry of all the
     Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the requirements set out in the Model Code
     throughout the six months ended 30 June 2026.




30   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
Set out below are changes in Directors’ information that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

On 15 June 2026, the Company entered into service agreements with Mr. Han Chao and Mr. Hu Xu
respectively to renew their terms of office for a period of one year commencing from 21 June 2026, with the
director’s fees remaining unchanged.

On 15 June 2026, the Company entered into letters of appointment with Mr. Sang Quan and Mr. Lin
Wuchang respectively to renew their terms of office for a period of one year commencing from 21 June
2026, with the director’s fees remaining unchanged.

Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard has been serving as an independent non-executive director of Beijing Shougang
LanzaTech Technology Co., Ltd. (Stock Code: 2553) since 5 December 2024, which was listed on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange on 3 June 2026.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the payment of any interim dividend in respect of the six months ended 30
June 2026 (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: nil).


AUDIT COMMITTEE
In accordance with the requirements of the CG Code and the Listing Rules, the Company has established
an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) comprising three independent non-executive Directors, namely,
Ms. Wen Yanhong (Chairwoman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Peng Liaoyuan and Mr. Dong Xinyi. The Audit
Committee and the management of the Company have considered and reviewed the accounting principles
and practices adopted by the Group, and have reviewed the unaudited interim results and consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026. The interim financial information
contained in this report, including the comparative figures, has been reviewed by the Audit Committee.


REVIEW OF UNAUDITED INTERIM RESULTS
The unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 have been reviewed
by the Company’s independent auditor, CLA Prism Hong Kong Limited (formerly known as Prism Hong
Kong Limited), in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants.




                                                                                           2026 Interim Report   31
     Report on Review of Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Statements


     To the Board of Directors of Evergrande Property Services Group Limited
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the interim condensed consolidated financial statements set out on pages 34 to 64, which
     comprises the condensed consolidated statement of financial position of Evergrande Property Services
     Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) as at
     30 June 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
     income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended,
     and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
     Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with
     the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS
     34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of the
     Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these interim condensed consolidated
     financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these
     interim condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review. Our report is made solely to
     you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not
     assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review
     of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the HKICPA.
     A review of interim condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily
     of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review
     procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
     Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become
     aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
     opinion.




32   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim condensed
consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




CLA Prism Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants


Lee Hei Lam
Practising Certificate Number: P06294
Hong Kong
31 August 2026




                                                                                           2026 Interim Report   33
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or
     Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     Notes         2026            2025
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

     Revenue                                                          6        6,942,650       6,646,590
     Cost of sales                                                            (5,610,762)     (5,447,901)
     Gross profit                                                              1,331,888       1,198,689
     Other income                                                     7            30,940          34,775
     Other (losses)/gains                                                         (44,107)            192
     Impairment losses on financial assets                                      (144,249)         (68,467)
     Fair value gains/(losses) on investment properties                             1,910            (501)
     Administrative and marketing expenses                                      (436,990)       (460,417)
     Operating profit                                                           739,392         704,271
     Share of net profit of investments accounted for using
        equity method                                                              6,100           5,600
     Finance costs                                                    9          (79,559)        (41,066)
     Profit before income tax                                                    665,933         668,805
     Income tax expenses                                              10        (162,683)       (177,650)
     Profit for the period                                                      503,250         491,155
     Profit attributable to:
     – Owners of the Company                                                    517,032         472,272
     – Non-controlling interests                                                 (13,782)        18,883
                                                                                503,250         491,155
     Other comprehensive expense
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange difference arising on translation of
        financial statements of foreign operations                                (1,207)         (2,256)
     Total comprehensive income for the period                                  502,043         488,899
     Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
     – Owners of the Company                                                    515,825         470,016
     – Non-controlling interests                                                 (13,782)        18,883
                                                                                502,043         488,899
     Earnings per share attributable to owners of
       the Company
     – Basic and diluted                                              12       RMB0.05         RMB0.04


     The above condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be
     read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




34   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                        As at                As at
                                                                     30 June       31 December
                                                          Notes         2026                2025
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                  (Unaudited)            (Audited)

Assets
Non-current assets
  Property and equipment                                   13         88,170              81,957
  Right-of-use assets                                                 40,396              39,503
  Intangible assets                                        14      1,294,140           1,380,046
  Investment properties                                               12,385                4,255
  Investments accounted for using equity method                       72,763              68,197
  Deferred tax assets                                                498,160             488,036

Total non-current assets                                           2,006,014           2,061,994

Current assets
  Trade and other receivables                              15      3,442,626           3,170,458
  Prepayments                                              16         81,043              65,730
  Inventories                                                         16,080                5,983
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              425,000                     –
  Restricted cash                                          18        127,560             120,911
  Cash and cash equivalents                                17      3,691,694           4,189,546

Total current assets                                               7,784,003           7,552,628

Total assets                                                       9,790,017           9,614,622

Equity
  Share capital                                            19          7,060                7,060
  Reserves                                                 20      (5,793,631)        (5,801,872)
  Retained earnings                                                7,915,481           7,398,449

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                       2,128,910           1,603,637
Non-controlling interests                                            332,130             346,223

Total equity                                                       2,461,040           1,949,860




                                                                                 2026 Interim Report   35
                                                                                    As at             As at
                                                                                  30 June     31 December
                                                                  Notes              2026             2025
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)          (Audited)

     Liabilities
     Non-current liabilities
       Other payables                                              21              75,000           75,000
       Lease liabilities                                                           24,446           23,215
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                    90,773          101,424

     Total non-current liabilities                                                190,219          199,639

     Current liabilities
       Contract liabilities                                                     2,316,991        2,623,690
       Trade and other payables                                    21           3,807,225        3,956,800
       Current tax liabilities                                                    948,822          813,097
       Lease liabilities                                                           65,720           71,536

     Total current liabilities                                                  7,138,758        7,465,123

     Total liabilities                                                          7,328,977        7,664,762

     Total equity and liabilities                                               9,790,017        9,614,622



     The above condensed consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.

     The interim financial information on pages 34 to 64 was approved by the Board of Directors and signed on
     its behalf on 31 August 2026.




                           Duan Shengli                                      Han Chao
                                 Director                                     Director




36   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                     Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                              Non-
                                                      Share                  Retained                    controlling
                                                     capital    Reserves     earnings     Subtotal         interests       Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000

Balance as at 1 January 2025 (Audited)                 7,060   (5,969,520)   6,517,066    554,606          422,568      977,174

Profit for the period                                      –            –     472,272     472,272            18,883     491,155
Currency translation differences                           –       (2,256)          –       (2,256)               –       (2,256)
Transactions with owners of the Company
Dividend distributed to non-controlling interests          –            –           –              –        (21,913)     (21,913)

Balance as at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)                 7,060   (5,971,776)   6,989,338   1,024,622         419,538     1,444,160

Balance as at 1 January 2026 (Audited)                 7,060   (5,801,872)   7,398,449   1,603,637         346,223     1,949,860

Profit for the period                                      –            –     517,032     517,032           (13,782)    503,250
Currency translation differences                           –       (1,207)          –       (1,207)               –       (1,207)
Transactions with owners of the Company
Shareholders’ equity transactions                          –       9,451            –       9,451                 –       9,451
Dividend distributed to non-controlling interests          –            –           –              –         (2,373)      (2,373)
Capital injection from non-controlling interest            –            –           –              –          2,697       2,697
Others                                                     –           (3)          –              (3)         (635)        (638)

Balance as at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)                 7,060   (5,793,631)   7,915,481   2,128,910         332,130     2,461,040



The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




                                                                                                             2026 Interim Report    37
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2026            2025
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)

     Cash flows of operating activities
     Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                123,897        (272,050)
     PRC enterprise income tax paid                                           (42,009)       (54,193)

     Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                   81,888        (326,243)

     Cash flows of investing activities
     Purchases of property and equipment                                      (24,984)       (22,677)
     Purchases of investment properties                                        (8,413)               –
     Purchases of intangible assets                                              (561)          (745)
     Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                           3,371            139
     Disposal of investment accounted for using equity method                   1,230                –
     Interest received                                                          9,795          8,433
     Net payments for consideration payables for
       acquisition of subsidiaries in prior years                            (120,000)       (10,400)
     Capital injection into associates                                         (2,000)         (7,819)
     Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    (2,226,580)      (635,000)
     Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                       1,801,580      1,105,000
     Dividend income from an associate                                          2,471          2,270

     Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                  (564,091)       439,201

     Cash flows of financing activities
     Lease payments                                                           (15,780)       (10,204)
     Capital injection from non-controlling interest                            2,697                –
     Dividend distributed to non-controlling interests                         (2,373)       (21,913)

     Net cash used in financing activities                                    (15,456)       (32,117)

     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (497,659)        80,841
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                       4,189,546      2,697,369
     Exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents                                (193)          (121)

     Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                             3,691,694      2,778,089



     The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.
38   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

1.   General information
     Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman
     Islands on 13 March 2020 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act
     (Cap. 22 Act 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of the
     Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-
     1111, Cayman Islands.

     The Company ’ s ultimate holding company is China Evergrande Group (in liquidation) (“ China
     Evergrande Group”), an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
     and its shares were previously listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
     Exchange”), but were delisted from the Stock Exchange on 25 August 2025.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are
     primarily engaged in the provision of property management services, community living services, asset
     management services and community operation services.

     The interim condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and
     rounded to the nearest RMB’000, unless otherwise stated. These interim condensed consolidated
     financial statements are unaudited.


2.   Basis of preparation
     The interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 have
     been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial
     Reporting”.

     The interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the notes of the type
     normally included in an annual financial report. Accordingly, the interim condensed consolidated
     financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements
     of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025, which have been prepared in accordance with
     HKFRS Accounting Standards (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong
     Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”).




                                                                                       2026 Interim Report   39
     3.    Accounting policies
           The interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost
           basis, except for investment properties and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss that are
           measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period.

           In the current period, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS Accounting
           Standards issued by the HKICPA for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual
           period beginning on or after 1 January 2026 for the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated
           financial statements:

           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                Financial Instruments

           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity

           Amendments to HKFRS Accounting                    Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards
             Standards                                          — Volume 11

           The application of these amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards did not result in significant
           changes to the Group’s accounting policies, presentation of the Group ’s financial positions and
           performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in these interim
           condensed consolidated financial statements.


     4.    Financial risk management
     4.1   Financial risk factor
           The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk.

           The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and
           seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.




40   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    Financial risk management (continued)
4.1   Financial risk factor (continued)
4.1.1 Market risk
      Foreign exchange risk
      The Group’s normal operating activities are principally conducted in RMB since most of the operating
      entities are based in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The foreign exchange risk mainly
      arises from monetary assets of certain subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies other than their
      functional currencies.

      The Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets at the respective consolidated statement
      of financial position are as follows:

                                                                               30 June       31 December
                                                                                   2026              2025
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)

      Monetary assets
      – HK$                                                                       5,094            11,364
      – US$                                                                         178                 25

                                                                                  5,272            11,389



      The management is of the view that the Group has no significant foreign exchange risk in its
      operations and the fluctuation of the exchange rate of RMB will not have a significant impact on the
      financial position of the Group. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency risk hedging
      policy; however, the management will monitor the foreign exchange risk exposure dynamically and
      make necessary adjustments according to changes in market conditions.

      The interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all financial risk management
      information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in
      conjunction with the Group ’ s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
      December 2025.




                                                                                          2026 Interim Report   41
     4.    Financial risk management (continued)
     4.1   Financial risk factor (continued)
     4.1.2 Liquidity risk
           To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
           deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
           fluctuations in cash flows.

           The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on the
           remaining period at the end of each reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
           disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                          Less than     Between       Between              Over
                                             1 year 1 and 2 years 2 and 5 years         5 years          Total
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                         (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)

            At 30 June 2026
            Lease liabilities                67,882       11,777         12,747           3,328          95,734
            Trade and other
              payables (excluding
              accrued payroll
              liabilities and other
              tax payables)               3,305,708             –        75,000                –      3,380,708

                                          3,373,590       11,777         87,747           3,328       3,476,442



                                          Less than     Between       Between               Over
                                             1 year 1 and 2 years 2 and 5 years          5 years           Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                           (Audited)     (Audited)     (Audited)        (Audited)       (Audited)

            At 31 December 2025
            Lease liabilities                73,559       21,326          2,414           2,853         100,152
            Trade and other
              payables (excluding
              accrued payroll
              liabilities and other
              tax payables)               3,366,274       75,000                 –             –      3,441,274

                                          3,439,833       96,326          2,414           2,853       3,541,426



42   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    Financial risk management (continued)
4.1   Financial risk factor (continued)
4.1.3 Fair value measurement of financial instruments
(a)   Fair value hierarchy
      The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by level of the inputs
      to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as follows:

      •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

      •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
             liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

      •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
             unobservable inputs) (level 3).

      The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value:

                                                        Level 1            Level 2            Level 3                  Total
                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000
      At 30 June 2026                             (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)

      Financial Assets
      Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                     –                   –          425,000             425,000




                                                         Level 1            Level 2            Level 3                 Total
                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000
      At 31 December 2025                              (Audited)          (Audited)          (Audited)            (Audited)

      Financial Assets
      Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                     –                   –                  –                   –




                                                                                                          2026 Interim Report   43
     4.    Financial risk management (continued)
     4.1   Financial risk factor (continued)
     4.1.3 Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
     (b)   Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs

                                  Fair value   Fair value
                                       as at       as at                 Valuation
                                    30 June 31 December     Fair value   techniques and            Significant
           Financial assets            2026        2025     hierarchy    key inputs                unobservable inputs
                                   RMB’000     RMB’000
                                 (Unaudited)    (Audited)

           Wealth management        425,000            –       Level 3   Quote provided by         N/A as quantitative
             products                                                    financial institutes in   unobservable inputs are
                                                                         Mainland China with       not developed by the
                                                                         reference to the net      Group.
                                                                         asset values of the
                                                                         underlying investments.



     (c)   The following table presents the changes in level 3 financial instruments for the six months ended 30
           June 2026:

                                                                                                       Financial Assets
                                                                                                                    Wealth
                                                                                                            management
                                                                                                                  products
                                                                                                                 RMB’000

           At 1 January 2026 (Audited)                                                                                       –
           Addition                                                                                              2,226,580
           Disposal                                                                                              (1,801,580)

           At 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)                                                                             425,000




44   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
5.   Segment information
     Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief
     operating decision maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and
     assessing performance of the operating segment, has been identified as the executive directors of the
     Company.

     During the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, the Group was principally engaged in the
     provision of property management services, community living services, asset management services
     and community operation services in the PRC. Management reviews the operating results of the
     business as a single operating segment as the nature of services, the type of customers for services,
     the method used to provide their services and the nature of regulatory environment are the same in
     different regions.

     The principal operating entities of the Group are domiciled in the PRC and majority of revenue was
     derived in the PRC during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.

     As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, majority of the non-current assets of the Group were
     located in the PRC.




                                                                                        2026 Interim Report   45
     6.   Revenue
          Revenue mainly comprises proceeds from property management services, community living services,
          asset management services and community operation services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue by
          category for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 was as follows:

                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                     2026           2025
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

           Property management services
           – Basic property management services                               5,831,492        5,611,812
           – Value-added services to non-property owners                            14,668        16,010

                                                                              5,846,160        5,627,822

           Community living services                                            537,800          456,205
           Asset management services                                            406,981          398,907
           Community operation services                                         151,709          163,656

                                                                              6,942,650        6,646,590

           Timing of revenue recognition
           – Over time                                                        6,492,275        6,273,033
           – At a point in time                                                 450,375          373,557

                                                                              6,942,650        6,646,590

           Type of customer
           – Related parties (Note 22)                                               2,655        20,473
           – Third parties                                                    6,939,995        6,626,117

                                                                              6,942,650        6,646,590




46   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
7.   Other income
                                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                 2026                      2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

     Government grants (Note)                                                                                 14,012                    13,037
     Write-off of payables                                                                                      6,464                     9,798
     Interest income                                                                                            8,234                     8,324
     Income from overdue fine                                                                                   1,218                        971
     Others                                                                                                     1,012                     2,645

                                                                                                              30,940                    34,775



     Note:   Government grants mainly consist of financial grants from government organisations, tax deductions for employment of veterans and

             priority groups, subsidies for value-added tax and other tax incentives policies, and refunds of paid unemployment insurance. There were

             no outstanding conditions or contingencies attached to the grants.



8.   Employee benefit expenses
                                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                 2026                      2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

     Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                                                 3,122,870                 2,961,658
     Contribution to pension scheme expenses (Note)                                                         218,353                    218,322

                                                                                                          3,341,223                 3,179,980



     Note:   Employees in the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme administrated and

             operated by the local government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which are calculated on certain percentage of the

             prior year employee salary as agreed by local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.




                                                                                                                            2026 Interim Report         47
     9.   Finance costs
                                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                   2026                      2025
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

           Interest on lease liabilities                                                                          1,622                     1,633
           Other finance costs (Note)                                                                           77,937                    39,433

                                                                                                                79,559                    41,066



          Note:   Other finance costs represented one-off concessions offered by the Group to the individual property owners in settlement of property

                  service fees (including prepayments and the settlement of historical arrears).



     10. Income tax expenses
                                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                   2026                      2025
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

           Current tax                                                                                         183,458                  206,620
           Deferred tax                                                                                        (20,775)                  (28,970)

                                                                                                               162,683                  177,650



          The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
          under the Companies Act of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands
          income tax. The Company’s subsidiaries in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) were incorporated under
          the International Business Companies Act of the BVI and accordingly, are exempted from BVI income
          tax.

          Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits
          for the current period in respect of operations in Hong Kong, except for one subsidiary of the Group
          which is a qualifying corporation under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. For this subsidiary, the
          first HK$2 million of assessable profits were taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits were
          taxed at 16.5%.




48   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
10. Income tax expenses (continued)
     Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in the PRC has been calculated at the
     applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the period, based on the existing legislation,
     interpretations and practices in respect thereof. The statutory tax rate was 25% for the six months
     ended 30 June 2026 and 2025. Certain subsidiaries and branches of the Group in the PRC were
     located in cities in the western regions, and they were subject to a preferential income tax rate of
     15% during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025. The subsidiaries and branches of the
     Group located in Hainan Province are qualified to enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15% from 1
     January 2020 to 31 December 2027. For subsidiaries qualifying as small and micro-profit enterprises,
     for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, their taxable profits are reduced by 25% and
     included in the taxable amount, and a preferential income tax rate of 20% is applied.


11. Dividends
     No dividend has been declared or paid by the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2026 (for
     the six months ended 30 June 2025: nil).


12. Earnings per share
     Basic earnings per share was calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company
     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and
     2025.

     The Company did not have any potential ordinary shares outstanding during the six months ended 30
     June 2026 and 2025. Diluted earnings per share was equal to basic earnings per share.

                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2026                2025
                                                                              (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

     Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                      517,032             472,272
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
       (in thousands)                                                         10,810,811         10,810,811

     Basic and diluted earnings per share                                       RMB0.05             RMB0.04




                                                                                             2026 Interim Report   49
     13. Property and equipment
                                                                              Furniture,
                                                                             fitting and
                                      Property     Machinery     Vehicles    equipment       Total
                                      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2026
           Cost                         15,527        82,043      63,849        191,240     352,659
           Accumulated depreciation      (8,217)     (54,799)    (51,297)      (156,389)   (270,702)

           Opening net carrying
            amount (Audited)             7,310        27,244      12,552         34,851     81,957

           Additions                     4,652         8,144        2,460         9,728      24,984
           Disposals                      (505)         (634)        (732)       (2,044)      (3,915)
           Depreciation charge            (255)       (3,482)      (2,511)       (7,762)    (14,010)
           Accumulated impairment
             losses                       (846)            –            –             –        (846)

           Closing net carrying
             amount (Unaudited)         10,356        31,272      11,769         34,773     88,170

           As at 30 June 2026
           Cost                         13,952        86,654      62,579        171,066     334,251
           Accumulated depreciation      (2,750)     (55,382)    (50,810)      (136,293)   (245,235)
           Accumulated impairment
             losses                       (846)            –            –             –        (846)

           Net carrying amount
             (Unaudited)                10,356        31,272      11,769         34,773     88,170




50   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
13. Property and equipment (continued)
                                                                      Furniture,
                                                                     fitting and
                                Property    Machinery    Vehicles    equipment            Total
                                RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000

     As at 1 January 2025
     Cost                        13,427       66,338      59,253       171,972        310,990
     Accumulated depreciation     (5,559)     (47,659)    (46,683)    (143,181)      (243,082)

     Opening net carrying
       amount (Audited)           7,868       18,679      12,570        28,791         67,908

     Additions                       21       11,541       3,304         7,811         22,677
     Disposals                         –          (25)       (142)         (372)          (539)
     Depreciation charge           (696)       (3,432)     (2,324)       (6,211)       (12,663)

     Closing net carrying
       amount (Unaudited)         7,193       26,763      13,408        30,019         77,383

     As at 30 June 2025
     Cost                        13,448       77,879      62,557       179,783        333,667
     Accumulated depreciation     (6,255)     (51,116)    (49,149)    (149,764)      (256,284)

     Net carrying amount
       (Unaudited)                7,193       26,763      13,408        30,019         77,383




                                                                              2026 Interim Report   51
     14. Intangible assets
                                                            Property
                                                        management
                                                           contracts
                                         Computer       and customer
                                          software       relationship   Goodwill          Total
                                          RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2026
           Cost                             32,722         1,195,199    1,738,218    2,966,139
           Accumulated amortization
             and impairment losses          (20,379)        (757,914)    (807,800)   (1,586,093)

           Opening net carrying
             amount (Audited)               12,343           437,285     930,418     1,380,046

           Additions                              561              –            –          561
           Amortisation                      (1,198)         (42,510)           –       (43,708)
           Impairment loss                          –              –      (42,759)      (42,759)

           Closing net carrying
             amount (Unaudited)             11,706           394,775     887,659     1,294,140

           As at 30 June 2026
           Cost                             33,283         1,195,199    1,738,218    2,966,700
           Accumulated amortisation
             and impairment losses          (21,577)        (800,424)    (850,559)   (1,672,560)

           Net carrying
             amount (Unaudited)             11,706           394,775     887,659     1,294,140




52   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
14. Intangible assets (continued)
                                                     Property
                                                 management
                                                     contracts
                                    Computer     and customer
                                     software      relationship    Goodwill                Total
                                    RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000

      As at 1 January 2025
      Cost                            31,686        1,195,199     1,738,218          2,965,103
      Accumulated amortization
        and impairment losses        (17,964)        (668,028)     (780,831)        (1,466,823)

      Opening net carrying
        amount (Audited)              13,722          527,171      957,387           1,498,280

      Additions                          745                 –            –                 745
      Amortisation                     (1,183)        (42,902)            –             (44,085)
      Impairment loss                       –                –            –                    –

      Closing net carrying
        amount (Unaudited)            13,284          484,269      957,387           1,454,940

      As at 30 June 2025
      Cost                            32,431        1,195,199     1,738,218          2,965,848
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment losses        (19,147)        (710,930)     (780,831)        (1,510,908)

      Net carrying
        amount (Unaudited)            13,284          484,269      957,387           1,454,940




                                                                               2026 Interim Report   53
     14. Intangible assets (continued)
          As the result of management assessment, no impairment provision was recognised on property
          management contracts and customer relationships for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (for the
          six months ended 30 June 2025: nil) and impairment provision RMB42,759,000 was recognised on
          goodwill for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: nil). These
          items are included in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
          income under “other losses” for the comparative period.


     15. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                  30 June        31 December
                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Audited)

           Trade receivables (Note (i))                                         2,923,369          2,650,802
           Value-added tax recoverable                                             37,616             45,320
           Other receivables (Note (ii))                                          481,641            474,336

                                                                                3,442,626          3,170,458



          Notes:

          (i)      Trade receivables


                                                                                        As at              As at
                                                                                     30 June        31 December
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)           (Audited)


                   Trade receivables
                   – Related parties (Note 22)                                     2,088,616          2,197,030
                   – Third parties                                                 4,078,614          3,600,131

                   Total trade receivables                                         6,167,230          5,797,161

                   Less: loss allowance of trade receivables
                   – Related parties (Note 22)                                     (2,088,616)        (2,197,030)
                   – Third parties                                                 (1,155,245)         (949,329)

                                                                                   2,923,369          2,650,802




54   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
15. Trade and other receivables (continued)
     Notes: (continued)

     (i)      Trade receivables (continued)

              Trade receivables are mainly derived from basic property management services income under lump sum basis. Basic property
              management services income is received in accordance with the terms of the relevant services agreements.

              As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the aging analysis of the trade receivables based on date of revenue recognition and net of
              loss allowance was as follows:

                                                                                                                 As at                    As at
                                                                                                              30 June             31 December
                                                                                                                 2026                     2025
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                           (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


               0 to 180 days                                                                                1,603,272                 1,323,257
               181 to 365 days                                                                                472,506                   457,116
               1 to 2 years                                                                                   398,917                   388,113
               2 to 3 years                                                                                   259,232                   287,681
               Over 3 years                                                                                   189,442                   194,635

                                                                                                            2,923,369                 2,650,802



              As at 30 June 2026, the total trade receivables and loss allowance amounted to approximately RMB6,167,230,000 (as at 31
              December 2025: approximately RMB5,797,161,000) and approximately RMB3,243,861,000 (as at 31 December 2025: approximately
              RMB3,146,359,000) respectively. Of which, the total trade receivables from related parties and loss allowance amounted to
              approximately RMB2,088,616,000 (as at 31 December 2025: approximately RMB2,197,030,000) and approximately RMB2,088,616,000
              (as at 31 December 2025: approximately RMB2,197,030,000) respectively.

              As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, trade receivables were denominated in RMB and their carrying amounts approximate their
              fair values.

     (ii)     Other receivables


                                                                                                                 As at                    As at
                                                                                                              30 June             31 December
                                                                                                                 2026                     2025
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                           (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


               Ultimate holding company (Note (a))
                 – Financial guarantees                                                                    13,390,549               13,400,000
               Less:
                 – Enforcement of financial guarantees pledged                                            (13,390,549)              (13,400,000)

                                                                                                                     –                         –

               Other related parties (Note 22)                                                                   9,638                   10,113
               Third parties
                 – Payments on behalf of property owners (Note (b))                                           355,372                   364,858
                 – Deposits                                                                                   147,403                   148,224
                 – Others                                                                                      90,454                    80,917

               Gross other receivables                                                                        602,867                   604,112
               Less: loss allowance of other receivables
                 – Related parties (Note 22)                                                                    (6,811)                   (7,023)
                 – Third parties                                                                             (114,415)                 (122,753)

                                                                                                              481,641                   474,336




                                                                                                                          2026 Interim Report        55
     15. Trade and other receivables (continued)
          Notes: (continued)

          (ii)      Other receivables (continued)

                    As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, other receivables were denominated in RMB and their carrying amounts approximate their
                    fair values.


                    Note (a): Pursuant to the Court’s judgement, the ultimate holding shareholder and Hengda Real Estate Group Company Limited (a

                               related party of the Company), were the actual debtors of the financing guarantee funds, and certain other third parties as

                               the guaranteed parties were jointly liable for the full amount of the aforementioned debt respectively. As at 30 June 2026, the

                               Group has recovered approximately RMB9.5 million from the relevant parties, and will continue to take reasonable measures to

                               collect the remaining debt to actively safeguard the interests of the Group.


                    Note (b): Payments on behalf of property owners mainly represented utilities costs of properties.



     16. Prepayments
                                                                                                                          As at                     As at
                                                                                                                        30 June         31 December
                                                                                                                          2026                      2025
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

           Prepayments to suppliers
                 – Related parties (Note 22)                                                                              1,445                    1,452
                 – Third parties                                                                                         79,598                  64,278

                                                                                                                         81,043                  65,730




     17. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                          As at                     As at
                                                                                                                        30 June         31 December
                                                                                                                          2026                      2025
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

           Cash at bank                                                                                            3,688,884                 4,186,503
           Cash on hand                                                                                                   2,810                    3,043

                                                                                                                   3,691,694                 4,189,546




56   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
17. Cash and cash equivalents (continued)
     Notes:


     (a)      Cash and bank balances were denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                                  As at                     As at
                                                                                                               30 June             31 December
                                                                                                                  2026                      2025
                                                                                                             RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


              RMB                                                                                            3,686,422                 4,178,157
              US$                                                                                                  178                        25
              HK$                                                                                                5,094                    11,364

                                                                                                             3,691,694                 4,189,546




     (b)      The conversion of RMB denominated deposits placed in banks in the PRC into foreign currencies and the remittance of such foreign

              currencies denominated bank balances and cash out of the PRC are subject to relevant rules and regulation of foreign exchange control

              promulgated by the PRC government.



18. Restricted cash
     Restricted cash mainly represents (i) industry regulated funds of Evergrande Insurance Agency Co.,
     Ltd.; (ii) deposits for the provision of property management services as required by local government
     authorities; (iii) cash restricted to projects managed on a remuneration basis only; and (iv) funds for
     litigation preservation of some subsidiaries.


19. Share capital
                                                                As at                       As at                 As at                   As at
                                                            30 June             31 December                   30 June         31 December
                                                                2026                        2025                   2026                  2025
                                                           Number                       Number
                                                         of shares                    of shares             RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                      (Unaudited)                      (Audited)         (Unaudited)                (Audited)

      Issued and fully paid                      10,810,811,000             10,810,811,000                        7,060                  7,060




                                                                                                                          2026 Interim Report         57
     20. Reserves
                                                                 Share           Statutory               Capital           Exchange
                                                             premium              reserves             reserves              reserves                 Total
                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000

           Six months ended
             30 June 2026
           Balance at 1 January 2026
             (Audited)                                      5,944,185              944,763          (12,692,535)                 1,715         (5,801,872)
           Shareholder‘s equity transaction                            –                    –               9,451                     –               9,451
           Currency translation differences                            –                    –                    –              (1,207)              (1,207)
           Others                                                      –                    –                   (3)                   –                    (3)

           Balance at 30 June 2026
             (Unaudited)                                    5,944,185              944,763          (12,683,087)                   508         (5,793,631)



                                                                 Share            Statutory               Capital          Exchange
                                                             premium               reserves             reserves             reserves                  Total
                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000

           Six months ended
             30 June 2025
           Balance at 1 January 2025
             (Audited)                                     5,944,185               839,577         (12,757,253)                 3,971          (5,969,520)
           Currency translation differences                            –                    –                   —               (2,256)              (2,256)

           Balance at 30 June 2025
             (Unaudited)                                   5,944,185               839,577         (12,757,253)                 1,715          (5,971,776)



          Note： Statutory reserves


                    In accordance with relevant rules and regulations in the PRC and the Company’s Articles of Association, companies incorporated in PRC

                    are required to transfer no less than 10% of their profit after taxation calculated under PRC accounting standards and regulations to the

                    statutory reserve funds, until the accumulated total of the fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The statutory reserve funds can

                    only be used, upon approval by the relevant authority, to offset previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of respective companies.




58   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
21. Trade and other payables
                                                              As at                As at
                                                           30 June       31 December
                                                              2026                2025
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                         (Unaudited)           (Audited)

     Trade payables (Note (a))
     – Related parties (Note 22)                           486,156             489,264
     – Third parties                                      1,492,733          1,398,017

                                                          1,978,889          1,887,281

     Accrued payroll                                       472,241             540,979

     Other payables
     – Related parties (Note 22)                           128,601             132,589
     – Third parties
      Amounts temporarily received from/on behalf of
        property owners or lessors (Note (b))              472,906             427,642
      Deposits                                             336,934             353,265
      Other tax payables                                     29,276             49,547
      Consideration payables for business combinations     179,853             299,853
      Others                                               283,525             340,644

                                                          1,431,095          1,603,540

                                                          3,882,225          4,031,800

     Less: Non-current portion                              (75,000)            (75,000)

     Current portion                                      3,807,225          3,956,800




                                                                       2026 Interim Report   59
     21. Trade and other payables (continued)
          Notes:


          (a)      As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the ageing analysis of the trade payables based on goods and services received was as

                   follows:


                                                                                                                      As at                     As at

                                                                                                                   30 June              31 December

                                                                                                                      2026                      2025

                                                                                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000

                                                                                                                (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


                   Up to 1 year                                                                                  1,563,861                 1,247,710

                   1 to 2 years                                                                                    129,874                   375,727

                   2 to 3 years                                                                                    158,789                   200,903

                   Over 3 years                                                                                    126,365                    62,941

                                                                                                                 1,978,889                 1,887,281




          (b)      The amounts mainly represented public utilities expenses collected by public utility entities from residents and other special funds

                   managed on their behalf.



          (c)      As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, trade and other payables were denominated in RMB and their carrying amounts

                   approximate their fair values.




60   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
22. Related party transactions
(a)   Transactions with related parties
      In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial statements,
      the Group had the following transactions with related parties.

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                         2026                2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)

      Revenue from rendering of services (Note 6)
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                               2,559             19,098
      – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                              96               1,375

                                                                                         2,655             20,473

      Purchase of goods and services
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                               5,954               4,346

      Leasing car parking spaces
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                             62,336              76,214
      – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                             607               2,757

                                                                                       62,943              78,971



      The transactions above were carried out in the normal course of the Group’s business and on terms
      as agreed between the transacting parties.

      As China Evergrande Group is being liquidated, the management of the Group expects that the inflow of
      economic benefits from China Evergrande Group is not optimistic and highly uncertain. Since the property
      management services customers involve all the property owners and various aspects of the community,
      which has integrality and indivisibility as a whole, it is impracticable to exclude China Evergrande Group from
      providing property management services to those vacant properties. Such services do not incur additional
      costs. Therefore, the Group has continued to provide property management services to China Evergrande
      Group, with the amount for the six months ended 30 June 2026 being approximately RMB255,732,000.
      The Group has not recognized revenue in respect of the property management services it has provided
      to China Evergrande Group, while the Group will endeavor to take reasonable measures to collect the
      receivables from the relevant parties in accordance with the relevant laws and applicable agreements to
      actively safeguard the interests of the Group.


                                                                                                 2026 Interim Report    61
     22. Related party transactions (continued)
     (b)   Balances with related parties

                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                        30 June     31 December
                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)      (Audited)

           Trade receivables (Note 15)
           – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company        1,970,181      1,994,910
           – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company     118,435         202,120

                                                                       2,088,616      2,197,030
           Less: loss allowance of trade receivables
                   (charged to profit or loss)                        (2,088,616)     (2,197,030)

                                                                               –               –




62   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
22. Related party transactions (continued)
(b)   Balances with related parties (continued)

                                                                                  As at                As at
                                                                               30 June       31 December
                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Audited)

      Other receivables (Note 15)
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                        9,638             10,113
      Less: loss allowance of other receivables
               (charged to profit or loss)                                       (6,811)             (7,023)

                                                                                  2,827               3,090

      Prepayments (Note 16)
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                        1,445               1,452

      Trade payables (Note 21)
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                     480,992             483,662
      – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                    5,164               5,602

                                                                               486,156             489,264

      Other payables (Note 21)
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                     125,300             129,917
      – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                    3,301               2,672

                                                                               128,601             132,589

      Contract liabilities
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                        5,944               6,079



      The above trade receivables, prepayments, trade payables and contract liabilities were trading nature,
      interest-free and repayable according to terms in contracts.




                                                                                           2026 Interim Report   63
     22. Related party transactions (continued)
     (c)   Key management compensation
           Key management, including directors and core management, totaled 20 (corresponding period in
           2025: 17). Their compensations were set out below:

                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

           Salaries, bonus and other benefits                                  8,369            7,169
           Contribution to pension scheme expenses                               296              215

                                                                               8,665            7,384




64   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
