ii   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
CONTENTS

Corporate Information                                                                    2

Chairman’s Statement                                                                     4

Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       8

Directors and Senior Management                                                        19

Corporate Governance Report                                                            24

Report of the Directors                                                                44

Independent Auditor’s Report                                                           62

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                71

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                           72

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                            74

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                   75

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                         76

Five-year Financial Summary                                                           156




                                                                          2022 Annual Report   1
    Corporate Information

    Board of Directors                           Company Secretary
    Executive Directors                          Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy
    Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)
    Mr. Hu Liang                                 Headquarters and Principal Place of
    Mr. Lu Peimei                                  Business in the PRC
    Mr. Wang Zhen                                Third Compartment of Room 3101
    Ms. Yu Fen                                   No. 78, Huangpu Ave West
                                                 Tianhe District
    Independent Non-executive Directors          Guangzhou
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                            Guangdong, PRC
    Ms. Wen Yanhong
    Mr. Guo Zhaohui                              Principal Place of Business in
                                                   Hong Kong
    Audit Committee                              15th Floor, China Evergrande Centre
    Ms. Wen Yanhong (Chairman)                   38 Gloucester Road
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                            Wanchai
    Mr. Guo Zhaohui                              Hong Kong


    Remuneration Committee                       Registered Office
    Mr. Guo Zhaohui (Chairman)                   Cricket Square
    Ms. Wen Yanhong                              Hutchins Drive
    Mr. Hu Liang                                 PO Box 2681
                                                 Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Nomination Committee                         Cayman Islands

    Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan
                                                 Principal Share Registrar and
    Mr. Guo Zhaohui
                                                   Transfer Office
                                                 Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                                 Cricket Square
    Authorized Representatives
                                                 Hutchins Drive
    Mr. Duan Shengli
                                                 PO Box 2681
    Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy
                                                 Grand Cayman KY1-1111
                                                 Cayman Islands




2   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Hong Kong Share Registrar
Computershare Hong Kong
  Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong


Auditors
Prism Hong Kong and Shanghai Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor


Legal Advisers
Sidley Austin


Principal Banks
Bank of China Limited
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of
  China Limited
China Construction Bank Corporation
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.


Stock Code on Main Board of the Stock
  Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
6666


Company’s Website
www.evergrandeservice.com




                                             2022 Annual Report   3
    Chairman’s Statement

    Dear Shareholders,

    On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Evergrande Property Services Group
    Limited (“Evergrande Property” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am
    pleased to present the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


    Review for 2022
    In 2022, the property management industry experienced multiple tests such as fluctuations in the real estate
    industry, a decline in capital valuation and recurring pandemic, which slowed down the growth of the scale
    of property management enterprises; however, as the state continued to increase macro policy support,
    creating a favorable development environment for property management industry, the future of the property
    management industry remained promising. 2022 was also a “challenging” year for the Group. In the face of
    many pressures and difficulties, the Group had been making changes, paying more attention to independent
    development and pursuing high quality growth, and taking “strengthening the fundamentals, improving
    efficiency, stabilizing growth and seeking breakthroughs ” as its guide, continuing to create the ultimate
    service experience, promoting refined management and innovating service initiatives, and continuously
    building a solid foundation for development; at the same time, it had steadily embarked on a new journey of
    high quality development by comprehensively enhancing its market-oriented expansion capabilities.

    For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group achieved operating revenue of approximately
    RMB11,809.2 million, gross profit of approximately RMB2,719.1 million and net profit of approximately
    RMB1,478.6 million. Profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB1,422.7
    million and basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.13.

    Building a solid foundation of quality with a people-oriented approach and continuing to consolidate
    basic services. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had a total contracted area of approximately 819
    million sq.m. and an area under management of approximately 500 million sq.m., representing an increase
    of approximately 27 million sq.m. from the end of 2021, maintaining its industry-leading management scale.
    With a large scale of management volume, we continued to allocate resources to the frontline of our business
    and consistently delivered high quality service output. During the year, the Group focused on the “needs and
    expectations” of property owners, deeply explored the service touchpoints of different scenarios, formed
    a closed loop of services through “analysis of demands, research and solution, innovation and promotion,
    and feedback upgrade(訴求分析、研究解決、創新推廣、回饋升級)”, continuously improved the service
    standards and quality control system. For example, the Group carried out a series of service enhancement
    initiatives in the areas of homecoming line creation(歸家動線打造), customer demand handling, equipment
    and facilities renewal and community safety during the year, while actively carrying out customer care
    activities, community convenience activities and party building and cultural activities to improve the overall
    customer living experience. The annual complaint rate per 1,000 customers dropped by 13.5% year-on-year
    and the property service property owners satisfaction steadily increased.



4   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Focusing on the needs of residents and unlocking multiple value-added spaces. Focusing on
community development stages, family growth cycles and community life scenarios, the Group actively
explores customers’ high-frequency living needs, boldly experiments with business innovation and integrates
multiple resources through internal incubation and external attraction to continuously enrich the content of
value-added services business. During the year, the Company vigorously launched its community group
purchase business, adhering to the operation concept of “source selection, door-to-door service and worry-
free after-sales”, forming a professional product selection and marketing team, combining the daily living
needs of property owners, developing with online and offline integration and launching a variety of quality and
inexpensive products; in terms of community living services, the Company took housekeeping services as the
entry point to build the “Jinbi to Home(金碧到家)” living service brand, joining hands with outstanding leading
enterprises in the industry, and continuously integrating into various scenarios in the daily lives of residents to
provide property owners with more convenient, professional and caring quality community services.

Firming up the pace of third-party expansion and facing up to market competition. The Group relies on
its own management scale and its advantage of all-territory and all-inclusive layout to integrate the resources
of the acquired companies in the fields of public construction and city public services, so as to open up the
market comprehensively and achieve effective signing and landing of projects. As at 31 December 2022,
the Group had a total area under management of approximately 148 million sq.m. of third party projects,
accounting for approximately 30% of the Group’s total area under management, of which the new area
under management from third party accounted for approximately 37% of the Group’s total new area under
management, representing a significant market expansion. During the year, the Group successfully expanded
a large number of landmark projects, such as Wuhan Rail Transit, Chongqing Pacific Plaza, Shaoxing
Mingcheng Scenic Area, Taizhou Fangte Theme Park, achieving a new breakthrough in multi-industry
management. At the same time, it has continued to strengthen in-depth cooperation with local state-owned
enterprises and third-party developers to achieve complementary advantages and further capture the market
through the establishment of joint ventures. Nine joint ventures have been established in Henan, Beijing and
Hainan, with annual saturation revenue of approximately RMB116 million.

Adhering to the leadership of party building and actively practising corporate social responsibility. The
Group has always integrated party building leadership into its corporate development. By the end of 2022,
nearly 200 Red Property Party branches had been established and nearly 15,000 red community activities
had been prepared. In the second half of the year, as the pandemic situation in China continued to escalate,
the Group’s tens of thousands of employees were stationed at project sites and, under the leadership of
local governments at all levels, actively cooperated with local pandemic prevention and control departments
to do a good job in community nucleic acid testing, disinfection and cleaning, etc. At the same time, they
made elaborate plans and bold attempts to explore a number of “efficient, meaningful and learnable” new
paths in terms of community material supply and the spiritual life of property owners, guarding the health
and safety of the residents with their hearts and minds, which had won the praise of local governments at all
levels and the property owners. In addition, the Group had properly placed more than 2,400 ex-servicemen
in employment throughout the year, and won the Guangdong Province Property Service Enterprise Award for
Outstanding Contribution to Social Responsibility and Social Employment.



                                                                                                2022 Annual Report    5
    Outlook for 2023
    In 2023, the property industry is still in a period of deep adjustment, but the laws of industry development,
    the development model of “stock + increment” and the people’s aspiration for a better life and quality
    services will remain unchanged. The Group will continue to strengthen its expansion, product and operational
    strengths based on high quality services, and enhance customers’ sense of access, happiness and security,
    with the aim of becoming a benchmark in China’s property services industry with “larger management scale”,
    “better comprehensive services”, “better management efficiency” and “higher social reputation”, to enhance
    the Company’s market-oriented growth momentum and promote long-term corporate development.

    Quality is the guide, service is the foundation, and the main course of high quality services is
    maintained. The Group will adhere to the original intention of quality, focus on the customer, continuously
    iterate the service model, precipitate service standards, categorise and implement services for projects with
    different attributes, and carry out multi-dimensional services to make property services “visible, touchable and
    surprising (看得見、摸得著、有驚喜)”; at the same time, the Group will deepen the management capabilities
    of the segmentation industry, further improve the core competitiveness of the property segmentation track,
    and vigorously develop the independent and diversified brand development strategy of “Jinbi+” to facilitate
    the Group’s high quality development.

    Demand-led and diversified development to enhance the quality and upgrade of property services.
    The Group will focus on the “property services + living services” model, continue to dig deeper into the
    needs of property owners around the whole age group of customers and the whole life scenario of the
    community, build comprehensive service portals, focus on basic living services such as housing rental and
    sale, housekeeping services and home decoration and home furnishing, and enhance the convenience
    of customers; at the same time, the Group will continue to expand its service boundaries to provide
    extended services such as community tourism, community healthcare to fully meet the diversified needs
    of residents. In addition, the Group will deepen its community group purchase services, continue to
    strengthen its professionalism in product selection, develop products that precisely match the needs of
    property owners and, through a two-pronged approach of offline shops and online services, continue to
    enhance the user consumption experience, cultivate the consumption habits of property owners, increase
    the service penetration rate and the repurchase rate of property owners, which will also bring more room for
    development and growth points for the Company to achieve double improvement in property services and
    operating income.




6   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
We will continue to strengthen our market-oriented development capabilities by maintaining stability
and scale. The Group will adjust its internal development strategy around the diversified brand development
strategy of “Jinbi+”, optimize its project development criteria, take into account multiple factors such as
business synergy, layout complementarity and long-term profitability of the subject projects on a site-specific
basis. The Group will intensify its efforts to expand its quality inventory projects, transform its third-party
project expansion efforts from “scale” to “efficiency and scale”, increase project density in key cities, optimize
its business layout and drive its scale development to a new level.

In retrospect, in the face of the related party liquidity crisis, the Group has maintained a stable performance
by maintaining sound operations. In 2023, the Group will operate prudently with the work mindset of “seek
progress while maintaining stability”, always adhere to the principle of service first, continuously strengthen its
high-quality service capability and continue to unleash the potential of its value-added community business;
implement a diversified layout and scale expansion strategy to strengthen the Company ’s comprehensive
operational competitiveness; and comprehensively review and optimize its internal control management
system to enhance the Company’s internal control level and effectively strengthen its supervision and control
capability to promote the Group’s higher quality and more sustainable development.

Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank all our staff and management team for their
contribution to the development of the Company and I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to all
our shareholders and stakeholders for their trust and support.




Duan Shengli
Chairman of the Board

Hong Kong, 5 June 2023




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report    7
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    Relationship with the controlling shareholder
    Since the liquidity crisis of the Company’s controlling shareholder, China Evergrande, in 2021, the Group’s
    business has been affected to a certain extent, especially in the area of value-added services to non-property
    owners. Benefiting from the “ light asset and stable cash flow” nature of the property management industry,
    and with the efforts of the Board of Directors and the management of the Company, the Group has focused
    on the “property services + living services” model to provide high-quality services to the proper owners and
    residents, and has shaken off many of the adverse effects caused by the liquidity crisis of the controlling
    shareholder. The Company’s overall operating performance is sound and its market expansion capability has
    been further enhanced, and it has the ability to sustain its development in the long run.

    The Group adhered to the principle of market-oriented development and steadily enhanced its project
    expansion capabilities to ensure the Company’s independent, sound and sustainable operation. As of
    31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 148 million sq.m. under management from third-party
    developers, accounting for approximately 30% of the total, and continued to make new breakthroughs in the
    expansion of independent third-party projects.

    After the property is delivered to the proper owners, the property company will provide property services
    and collect property service fees and other value-added service fees from the proper owners in accordance
    with the pre-property service contract signed with the proper owners, without any connection with the
    project developer, and the property company is fully in a market-oriented competitive environment. In 2022,
    the Group’s revenue from related partys was approximately RMB140.5 million, which only accounted for
    approximately 1.2% of the total revenue and did not have any material impact on the Group’s overall revenue
    in general. The Group is committed to continuously providing diversified services to its proper owners and
    reducing its reliance on the business of related party.




8   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
The following table sets out the changes in the Group’s revenue by category of revenue source:


                                                                   2022                                   2021
                                Revenue                    Revenue                                  Revenue                        Year-on-year
Business category               source                   (RMB’000)        Percentage             (RMB’000)       Percentage          growth rate

Property management             related party                12,681               0.1%              967,503           7.3%              -98.7%
  services                      third party               9,427,879             79.8%             8,134,317          61.7%               15.9%

Community value-added           related party                50,613               0.4%               98,728           0.8%              -48.7%
  services                      third party               2,229,910             18.9%             2,190,216          16.5%                1.8%

Value-added services to         related party                77,229               0.7%            1,754,261          13.3%              -95.6%
  non-property owners           third party                  10,864               0.1%               48,439           0.4%              -77.6%

Total revenue                   related party               140,523               1.2%            2,820,492          21.4%              -95.0%
                                third party             11,668,653              98.8%           10,372,972           78.6%               12.5%


Note: Related party refers to the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of China Evergrande Group



In addition, the Group appointed an independent internal control consultant to conduct a comprehensive
review and optimization of the Company’s internal control management, improve the Company’s internal
control-related systems, enhance the training of directors, senior management and relevant personnel,
and comprehensively improve the Group ’ s internal control level to ensure the Group ’ s management
independence, operational independence and financial independence.




                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report   9
     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Revenue
     The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from three business segments: (i) property management services; (ii)
     community value-added services; and (iii) value-added services to non-property owners. For the year ended
     31 December 2022, the Group’s total revenue amounted to approximately RMB11,809.2 million.

                                     For the year ended                For the year ended
                                     31 December 2022                  31 December 2021

                                                  Percentage                        Percentage
                                                       of total                          of total
                                     Revenue          revenue         Revenue           revenue     Growth rate
                                    (RMB’000)              (%)       (RMB’000)               (%)             (%)

     Property management
           services                 9,440,560             80.0       9,101,820              69.0             3.7
     Community value-added
           services                 2,280,523             19.3       2,288,944              17.3            -0.4
     Value-added services to
           non-property owners         88,093              0.7       1,802,700              13.7           -95.1

     Total                        11,809,176             100.0     13,193,464             100.0            -10.5


     (i)       Property management services
     During the year, revenue from property management services amounted to approximately RMB9,440.6
     million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 3.7%, mainly due to the increase in area under
     management as the Group’s business expanded.

     As of 31 December 2022, the Group had a total area under management of approximately 500 million
     square metres, representing an increase of approximately 27 million square metres from 2021.

     In 2022, due to the liquidity crisis of related parties, the Group excluded the portion of revenue from
     basic property services provided to related parties of approximately RMB1,034.3 million from its property
     management services revenue during the year based on the principle of robustness. In the event that this
     portion of revenue was not excluded, the underlying service revenue was approximately RMB10,474.9
     million.




10   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
(ii)    Community value-added services
During the year, revenue from community value-added services amounted to approximately RMB2,280.5
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 0.4%, mainly due to the delay in delivery
caused by the liquidity crisis of related parties and the significant decrease in revenue from home decoration
and home furnishing services, property rental and sale of newly delivered property management projects.
The Group promptly adjusted its strategic deployment to focus on businesses of the high-frequency and
immediate needs of property owners, with emphasis on community living services such as community
group purchase and housekeeping services. Revenue from community living services for the year ended 31
December 2022 increased by over 66.8% as compared with the corresponding period in 2021.


(iii)   Value-added services to non-property owners
During the year, revenue from value-added services to non-property owners amounted to approximately
RMB88.1 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 95.1%. This was mainly due to the
Group’s strategic contraction of value-added services to non-property owners based on market-oriented
principles and its initiative to significantly reduce the provision of display units services and maintenance and
warranty services to related parties as a result of the liquidity crisis of related party.


Costs
The Group’s costs include staff costs, greening and cleaning costs, maintenance costs, utilities, security
subcontracting costs, commission expenses, taxes and other levies, etc.

During the year, the Group’s cost of sales amounted to approximately RMB9,090.1 million, representing a
decrease of approximately 4.6% from approximately RMB9,529.5 million for the year ended 31 December
2021.

The decrease in costs was mainly due to (i) the Company’s initiative to significantly reduce its value-added
services to non-property owners provided to developers based on market-oriented principles; and (ii) the
scaling down of low-quality business, increasing cost control and improving operational efficiency.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report    11
     Gross profit and gross profit margin
     The following table sets out the breakdown of gross profit and gross profit margin by the Group’s business
     segments for the periods indicated:

                                                    For the year ended                    For the year ended
                                                    31 December 2022                      31 December 2021

                                                                         Gross                                 Gross
                                                Gross profit     profit margin        Gross profit       profit margin
                                                  (RMB’000)                 (%)         (RMB’000)                 (%)

     Property management services                 1,803,140                19.1         2,451,242                26.9
     Community value-added services                 907,346                39.8         1,025,638                44.8
     Value-added services to
          non-property owners                          8,597                9.8           187,053                10.4

     Total                                        2,719,083                23.0         3,663,933                27.8


     During the year, the Group’s overall gross profit was approximately RMB2,719.1 million with a gross profit
     margin of approximately 23.0%.

     1.      In respect of property management services, the Group’s gross profit margin for property management
             services decreased by approximately 7.8 percentage points from approximately 26.9% in 2021 to
             approximately 19.1% in 2022. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due to the Group
             adjusting the revenue recognition rhythm for certain related party businesses with uncertainty of return
             based on prudent considerations, resulting in some revenue not being recognized during the year.
             Excluding this impact, the Group’s gross profit margin for property management services for 2022
             would have been essentially the same as that for 2021.

     2.      In respect of community value-added services, the Group’s gross profit margin for community value-
             added services decreased by approximately 5.0 percentage points from approximately 44.8% in 2021
             to approximately 39.8% in 2022. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due to the impact
             of the liquidity crisis of related parties and the recurring pandemic, the disruption in the development
             of businesses such as home decoration and home furnishing and housing rental and sale, and the
             increase in the proportion of the purchase and sale business with relatively lower gross profit margin.

     3.      In respect of value-added services to non-property owners, the Group’s gross profit margin for value-
             added services to non-property owners for 2022 remained relatively stable as compared with that of
             2021.




12   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Administrative and marketing expenses
During the year, administrative and marketing expenses amounted to approximately RMB777.4 million,
representing an decrease of approximately 20.7% from approximately RMB980.1 million for the year ended
31 December 2021, as a result of the Group’s adjusting of its organizational structure, optimization of staffing
and cost savings.


Other income
During the year, other income was approximately RMB156.8 million, representing a decrease of
approximately 51.9% from approximately RMB326.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, due to
the decrease in bank interest income as a result of the significant decrease in bank deposits


Other losses
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s other net losses were approximately RMB3.8 million,
as compared with other net losses of approximately RMB595.8 million for the corresponding period in 2021.
The decrease in other net losses was mainly due to the decrease in impairment of goodwill during the year
as compared with last year.

Income tax expenses
During the year, income tax expenses were approximately RMB458.4 million, representing an increase of
approximately 169.9% from approximately RMB169.9 million for the corresponding period in 2021.

The increase in income tax expenses is mainly due to the increase in total profit before tax for the year and
the corresponding increase in tax liabilities.


Profit for the year
In 2022, the Group adhered to the principle of market-oriented development and continued to operate
steadily, reduce costs and increase efficiency, achieving good results. During the year, the Group made a net
profit of approximately RMB1,478.6 million and profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately
RMB1,422.7 million.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report    13
     Property and equipment
     The Group’s property and equipment mainly comprise buildings, machinery, vehicles, furniture, fixtures and
     equipment.

     As at 31 December 2022, the net book value of the Group’s property and equipment was approximately
     RMB57.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately 18.4% from approximately RMB70.7 million as
     at 31 December 2021, mainly due to the decrease in net asset value as the newly acquired assets were less
     than the depreciation expenses accrued in accordance with the accounting policies during the year.


     Right-of-use assets
     The Group’s right-of-use assets mainly comprise assets such as offices, staff quarters and operating
     shops leased by the Group. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s right-of-use assets amounted to
     approximately RMB69.3 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB119.1 million as compared
     with approximately RMB188.4 million as at 31 December 2021, mainly due to the decrease in the remaining
     lease term of the operating shops.


     Intangible assets
     The Group’s intangible assets include property contracts, customer relationships, software and goodwill.

     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s intangible assets amounted to approximately RMB1,987.0 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately RMB218.3 million as compared with approximately RMB2,205.3
     million as at 31 December 2021, mainly due to the amortization and impairment of approximately RMB197.7
     million arising from the customer relationship and property management contracts recognized by the
     acquired companies during the year.




14   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Trade and other receivables
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s trade receivables amounted to approximately RMB2,739.0 million,
representing an increase of approximately RMB739.3 million as compared with approximately RMB1,999.7
million as at 31 December 2021, mainly due to a slight decrease in the collection rate of property fees as
a result of the pandemic. The Group will endeavour to take reasonable measures to collect the receivables
from the relevant parties in accordance with the relevant laws and applicable agreements and actively
safeguard the interests of the Group.

Other receivables other than trade receivables decreased by approximately RMB253.9 million from
approximately RMB714.2 million as at 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB460.3 million as at 31
December 2022, mainly due to the recovery of amounts such as the Group’s deposit and common energy
consumption charges from the property owners.


Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables comprise trade payables and other payables, of which other payables include
temporary collections in lieu, deposits payable, consideration payable for mergers and acquisitions, wages
and benefits payable, dividends payable and tax payable.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had trade payables of approximately RMB1,913.4 million, representing
a decrease of approximately RMB228.7 million from approximately RMB2,142.1 million as at 31 December
2021.

Other payables decreased by approximately RMB382.5 million from approximately RMB3,394.4 million as
at 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB3,011.9 million as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the
payment of consideration payable for prior years’ acquisition transactions.


Contract liabilities
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had contract liabilities of approximately RMB2,688.0 million,
representing a decrease of approximately RMB392.1 million as compared with approximately RMB3,080.1
million as at 31 December 2021, mainly due to the decrease in prepayments for property service fees from
customers as a result of the decrease in newly delivered areas during the year as compared with 2021.




                                                                                         2022 Annual Report   15
     Liquidity and financial resources
     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s total bank deposits and cash (including the Group’s cash and cash
     equivalents and restricted cash) amounted to approximately RMB1,656.0 million, representing an increase
     of approximately RMB489.2 million from approximately RMB1,166.8 million as at 31 December 2021. The
     increase in bank deposits and cash was mainly due to the net cash inflow generated from operating activities
     during the year.

     Of the Group’s total bank deposits and cash, restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB88.0 million
     mainly represented industry regulated funds of Evergrande Insurance Agency Co., Ltd., deposits for the
     provision of property management services as required by local government authorities, cash restricted to
     projects managed on a remuneration basis only and funds for litigation preservation of some subsidiaries.

     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s net current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB3,321.4 million
     (31 December 2021: net current liabilities of approximately RMB5,450.2 million). The Group’s current ratio
     (current assets/current liabilities) is approximately 0.60 times.

     As at 31 December 2022, the Group had short-term borrowings of approximately RMB183.0 million and
     long-term borrowings of approximately RMB66.7 million.

     The Group recorded a deficiency in equity at 31 December 2022 and therefore the gearing ratio (calculated
     as total borrowings less lease liabilities divided by total equity at the dates indicated) was not applicable (31
     December 2021: not applicable).


     MAJOR RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The major risks and uncertainties faced by the Group are set forth below. Such factors are not exhaustive
     and therefore other risks and uncertainties may also exist.


     Industry risks
     The operation of the Group may be affected by the regulatory landscape of the industry and related
     measures. The main reason is that the fees charged by property management companies for management
     services are strictly monitored and supervised by relevant regulatory authorities. The business performance of
     the Group depends on contract area, chargeable area under management and the number of projects under
     management, but the business growth are affected and will likely continue to be affected by the People ’s
     Republic of China (“PRC”) government’s regulations on the industry where the Group belongs.




16   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Business risks
Whether the Group can maintain or improve its current profitability depends on whether it can effectively
control operating costs. The Group’s profit margin and operating results may be significantly and adversely
affected by the increase in labor costs or other operating costs. The Group cannot guarantee that it will be
able to secure new property service contracts according to its plan or pursuant to appropriate schedule
and price. The Group may not be able to recover related income including property management fees from
customers, resulting in possible impairment losses in receivables. In the event of termination of or failure to
renew a substantial number of property service contracts, the business, financial conditions and operating
results of the Group will be significantly and adversely affected.


Foreign exchange risks
The business of the Group is mainly located in China. Save for bank deposits denominated in foreign
currencies, there is no major direct exchange rate fluctuation risk faced by the Group. During the year, the
Directors expected that the RMB exchange rate would not have a material adverse effect on the operations
of the Group. Currently, the Group has not entered into contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange
risk, but the management will continue to monitor foreign exchange risks and adopt prudent measures to
reduce potential exchange risks.


Risk of continuing as a going concern
As a result of the related party liquidity crisis and the “RMB13.4 billion deposit pledge” incident (“these
matters”) , the Group has incurred significant losses. The Group’s ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent on having sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations as they fall due over the next
twelve months. As stated in note 2(iii) to the consolidated financial statements of the Group, the Group has
taken certain measures to address the uncertainty in continuing as a going concern, including discussing
with China Evergrande Group on the repayment of the amount involved in the pledge, streamlining the
Group’s operating costs, negotiating with suppliers and acquired companies on the extension of payment
agreements, and enhancing internal controls to ensure the continued sound operation of the Company. The
above measures have effectively alleviated the Group’s operating cash flow pressure, but there is uncertainty
as to whether these matters will have any further material impact on the Group’s future operations.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report   17
     PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     As at 31 December 2022, the Group pledged 80% of the equity interest of its subsidiary, Ningbo Yatai Hotel
     Property Services Co., Ltd., as a bank loan.


     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     As at 31 December 2022, the Group had contingent liabilities of performance guarantee reward and profit
     sharing of both parties during the guarantee period agreed in the equity transfer agreement.


     EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY
     As at 31 December 2022, the Group had 72,076 employees. During the year, the total staff costs were
     approximately RMB5,329.4 million.

     The employees were remunerated in accordance with the Group’s remuneration and welfare policies with
     reference to the positions of employees, performance, profitability of the Company, industry level and market
     environment

     The Group has to participate in social insurance contribution plans or other retirement plans organized
     by local governments, and make contributions to social insurance funds monthly on behalf of employees
     for the payment of pension funds, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance,
     unemployment insurance and housing provident funds, or make contributions to mandatory provident fund
     for employees regularly.


     STAFF TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT
     Based on the three-level training mechanism of “headquarters-region-project”, the Group is committed to
     implement a 3-year campus recruitment programme for management trainees, trainings for new employees
     and key talent trainings. The Group organizes and conducts trainings on various professional skills, general
     aptitude, management ability and corporate culture in accordance with our business development needs and
     employee career planning, in order to improve the comprehensive quality and work capabilities of employees.

     During the year, all staff participated in training, with a total of over 1.38 million hours of training and 19.19
     hours of training per person.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF
     SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any significant investment, material
     acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.




18   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Directors and Senior Management

Executive Directors
Mr. Duan Shengli (段勝利), aged 41, was appointed as an executive director on 22 July 2022. He is also
the Chairman of the Board and the Chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Company. He is primarily
responsible for providing guidance and formulating business strategies for the overall development of the
Group.

Mr. Duan has over 18 years of experience in the development, operation and management of real estate
projects. Mr. Duan joined China Evergrande Group in July 2005 and has served in various positions, including
the chairman of the Beijing company of Evergrande Real Estate Group, chairman of the Henan company
of Evergrande Real Estate Group, chairman of Fairyland Creative Design Group. Mr. Duan is currently a
president of the Group.

Mr. Duan obtained his bachelor’s degree from Tsinghua University in July 2005.

Mr. Hu Liang (胡亮), aged 35, was appointed as an executive director on 23 September 2020. He is also
a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the formulation
of group policies and daily business operation of our Group. He currently holds directorships in a number of
subsidiaries of our Group.

Mr. Hu has over 15 years of experience in the property management industry. Mr. Hu joined the Evergrande
Group in July 2008 and has served in various positions in subsidiaries of the Evergrande Group. Mr. Hu has
held various positions including a project deputy general manager of the Guangzhou branch of Jinbi Property
Co., Ltd., (金碧物業有限公司) (“Jinbi Property”), an assistant to the general manager of the Nanning branch
of Jinbi Property, an assistant to the general manager of Evergrande Real Estate Group (Nanning) Co., Ltd.
(恒大地產集團南寧有限公司), the chairman of the board of the Shijiazhuang branch of Jinbi Property, a
deputy general manager of Evergrande Real Estate Group (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (恒大地產集團北京有限公司),
the general manager of property operational management center of Evergrande Group Co., Ltd. (恒大集團
有限公司), and an executive deputy general manager of the property management center and the general
manager of the property management center of Evergrande Real Estate Group Co., Ltd. (恒大地產集團有
限公司) (“Evergrande Real Estate”). From March 2020 until July 2021, he served as the Group’s general
manager, from July 2021 to September 2021, he served as the Group’s executive deputy general manager
and from September 2021 to the present, he served as the Group’s general manager.

Mr. Hu obtained a bachelor’s degree in sociology from the Northwest A&F University (西北農林科技大
學) in the PRC in July 2008. Mr. Hu is currently an honorary vice president of China Property Management
Association (中國物業管理協會) and a vice president of Guangdong Property Management Association (廣東
省物業管理協會).




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report   19
     Mr. Lu Peimei (呂沛美), aged 37, was appointed as an executive director on 22 July 2022.

     Mr. Lu joined China Evergrande Group in March 2012 and has served in various positions, including the
     chairman of Beijing Property Management Company of Evergrande Real Estate Group, general manager of
     property management center of Evergrande Real Estate Group, assistant to chairman of Xinjiang Guanghui
     Industrial Investment (Group) Co., Ltd. (新疆廣匯實業投資(集團)有限責任公司). He is also a non-executive
     director of E-House (China) Enterprise Holdings Limited (stock code: 2048), a company listed on the Main
     Board of the Stock Exchange.

     Mr. Lu obtained a bachelor’s degree from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies in June 2008 and a
     master’s degree from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in November 2009.

     Mr. Wang Zhen (王震), aged 38, was appointed as an executive director on 23 September 2020. He is
     primarily responsible for the business operation planning, human resources and administration management
     of the Group.

     Mr. Wang has over 15 years of experience in human resources and administrative management. Mr.
     Wang joined the Evergrande Group in July 2008 and has served in various positions in subsidiaries of the
     Evergrande Group. Mr. Wang successively served as a deputy manager of the administration and personnel
     department, a manager of the administration and personnel department and a deputy general manager of
     Evergrande Yuanlin Group Co., Ltd. (恒大園林集團有限公司) (“Evergrande Yuanlin”), an assistant to the
     general manager and a deputy general manager of the property management center of Evergrande Real
     Estate, a deputy general manager of the Beijing branch of Evergrande Real Estate and chairman of the
     board of the Beijing branch of Jinbi Property, and an executive deputy general manager of the property
     management center of Evergrande Real Estate. Mr. Wang has served as the deputy general manager of the
     Group since March 2020.

     Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in English from Tianjin University of Commerce (天津商業大學) in
     the PRC in June 2008 and a master’s degree in project management from Wuhan University of Science and
     Technology (武漢科技大學) in the PRC in June 2017.

     Ms. Yu Fen (余芬), aged 54, was appointed as an executive director on 22 July 2022. She is also the chief
     financial officer and deputy general manager of the Group. She is primarily responsible for the financial and
     cost management of the Group.

     Ms. Yu has over 30 years of experience in accounting and financial management. Ms. Yu joined China
     Evergrande Group in November 2000 and has served in various positions, including the general manager of
     the finance center of China Evergrande Group, general manager of financial planning center.

     Ms. Yu graduated from Guilin Institute of Electronic Technology (桂林電子工業學院) in 1990 and from
     Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics in 1998.

20   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Peng Liaoyuan (彭燎原), aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 9
February 2022. He is also a member of each of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee of the
Company. Mr. Peng is responsible for providing independent advice on the operation and management of
the Board.

Mr. Peng has over 30 years of experience in legal matters and a senior partner of Guangdong Lianyue
Law Firm (廣東連越律師事務所). From May 2019 to November 2021, Mr. Peng served as an independent
director of Shenzhen Prolto Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市普路通供應鏈管理股份有限公司), a
company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002769). He has been an external director of
Guangzhou Radio Group Co., Ltd. (廣州無線電集團有限公司), Guangdong Rising Holding Group Co., Ltd. (廣
東省廣晟控股集團有限公司) and Guangzhou Pearl River Enterprises Group Ltd. (廣州珠江實業集團有限公司)
since December 2017, July 2019 and December 2019 respectively. He has also served as an independent
director of Daye Trust Co., Ltd. (大業信託有限責任公司) since September 2020.

Mr. Peng obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Political Science and Law from South China Normal University
in 1992 and is a practicing lawyer in the PRC. Mr. Peng is currently the executive vice president of the
Guangdong Entrepreneurs Association.

Ms. Wen Yanhong (文艷紅), aged 53, was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 19
November 2021. She is also the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company and a member of the
Remuneration Committee of the Company. Ms. Wen is responsible for providing independent advice on the
operation and management of the Board.

Ms. Wen has over 17 years of experience in accounting and auditing. She was involved in the audit work
of many initial public offering cases in the PRC. Ms. Wen successively served as an auditor at Guangzhou
Hengyun Accounting Firm Limited(廣州衡運會計師事務所有限公司) from June 2005 to October 2012, and
served as a partner at Guangzhou Erxiang Accounting Firm (廣州而翔會計師事務所) and Tianjian Accounting
Firm Guangdong Branch(天健會計事務所廣東分所) from November 2012 to July 2020. She has been the
legal representative and the chief taxation officer of Guangzhou Hangyun Tax Advisers Co., Ltd (廣州衡
運稅務師事務所有限公司) since February 2017 and has been a partner of Da Hua CPA (大華會計師事務
所) (Special General Partnership) since July 2020. She has also been a finance expert in Guangdong Equity
Exchange Center Co., Ltd. (廣東股權交易中心股份有限公司) since June 2021.

Ms. Wen graduated from the Guilin Institute of Electronic Technology (桂林電子工業學院) in industrial finance
in July 1990 and the CEO class of Zhongshan University Talent College (中山大學行知優才學院) in August
2015. Ms. Wen is also a certified public accountant in the PRC and a certified tax accountant in the PRC.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report   21
     Mr. Guo Zhaohui (郭朝暉), aged 45, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on
     November 13, 2020. He is also the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Company and a
     member of each of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Guo is responsible
     for providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Board.

     Since October 2004, Mr. Guo has been working at Wuhan University of Science and Technology (武漢科
     技大學), where he successively served various positions including a tutor, lecturer, associate professor and
     master instructor, primarily responsible for human resources management related teaching and research
     work. Mr. Guo has been serving as an independent director at Calxon Group Holdings Co., Ltd. (嘉凱城集團
     股份有限公司), a company principally engaged in the property and cinema business whose shares are listed
     on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000918), since October 2019.

     Mr. Guo obtained a bachelor’s degree in human resources management from Wuhan University of Science
     and Technology (武漢科技大學) in the PRC in June 2001, a master’s degree in administrative management
     from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (中南財經政法大學) in the PRC in June 2004 and a
     doctoral degree in mechanical engineering from Wuhan University of Science and Technology (武漢科技
     大學) in the PRC in June 2021. Mr. Guo received the Associate Professor (Economics and Management)
     Professional Technical Qualification Certificate (副教授(經濟及管理)專業技術資格證書) issued by Hubei Title
     Reform Work Leading Group Office (湖北省職稱改革工作領導小組辦公室) in June 2011 and the Qualification
     Certificate of Independent Director of Listed Company (上市公司獨立董事資格證書) issued by the Shenzhen
     Stock Exchange in December 2019.


     Senior Management
     Mr. Fang Shun (方舜), aged 35, joined the Group in November 2015 and has been the deputy general
     manager of the Group since March 2020. He is primarily responsible for the community value-added
     business.

     Mr. Fang joined Evergrande Group in July 2011 and had served as the procurement chief of Guangzhou
     Evergrande Material and Equipment Co., Ltd. (廣州恒大材料設備有限公司), a quality supervision manager
     of planning and supervision center of Evergrande Yuanlin, and deputy general manager of property
     management centre of Evergrande Real Estate.

     Mr. Fang obtained a bachelor’s degree in polymer materials and engineering from Sun Yat-sen University (中
     山大學) in the PRC in June 2011.

     Mr. Han Chao (韓超), aged 34, joined the Group in January 2015 and has been the deputy general manager
     of the Group since March 2021. He is primarily responsible for quality management of property management
     services, brand promotion and information technology construction business.




22   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Mr. Han joined the Evergrande Group in July 2011 and had served as a deputy manager of the procurement
department and a deputy manager of the engineering service center of Evergrande Yuanlin, an assistant to
the project general manager of the Guangzhou branch of Jinbi Property, an assistant to the manager of the
planning and supervision center of Evergrande Real Estate, an assistant to the project general manager of
the Guangzhou branch of Jinbi Property, a deputy director of the quality management department of the
property management center and an assistant to the general manager of the property management center
of Evergrande Real Estate. From March 2020 to March 2021, Mr. Han served as the assistant to the general
manager of the Group and was primarily responsible for quality management of property management
services.

Mr. Han obtained a bachelor’s degree in museology from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July
2011.


Company Secretary
Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy (方家俊), aged 48, was appointed as our company secretary on September 23,
2020 and is responsible for company secretarial matters of our Group.

Mr. Fong has extensive experience in mergers, acquisitions and capital markets. Mr. Fong worked at DLA
Piper, an international law firm in Hong Kong, from September 1999 to September 2001, and Sidley Austin, a
global law firm in Hong Kong, from September 2001 to July 2006. From July 2006 to March 2009, Mr. Fong
served as a director in the investment banking division of Royal Bank of Scotland (previously known as ABN
AMRO Bank N.V.) where he was primarily responsible for mergers and acquisitions and equity capital market
fund raising. He has joined China Evergrande Group since June 2009 and is now serving as the company
secretary and vice president. He has also served as the company secretary of China Evergrande New Energy
Vehicle Group Limited since March 2015 and the company secretary of HengTen Networks Group Limited
(currently known as China Ruyi Holdings Limited) since October 2015.

Mr. Fong obtained his bachelor’s degree in laws and a postgraduate certificate in laws from The University of
Hong Kong in December 1997 and September 1998, respectively. He also obtained his master’s degree in
banking and finance laws from the London School of Economics and Political Science, University of London
in November 2000. Mr. Fong was admitted as a solicitor in Hong Kong in December 2001.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report   23
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Company recognizes the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards
     consistently to the enhancement on corporate performance and accountability. The Board is committed
     to abide by the principles of good corporate governance to meet legal and commercial standards and
     requirements, focusing on areas such as internal control, risk management, fair disclosure and accountability
     to the Shareholders.

     The Directors are of the view that the Company has been conducting its business according to the principles
     of the Corporate Governance Code (the “Corporate Governance Code”) set out in Appendix 14 to The
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing
     Rules”), and has complied with all the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code during the year
     ended 31 December 2022.


     Composition of the Board
     During the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises the
     following members:


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman) (appointed on 22 July 2022)
     Mr. Hu Liang (General Manager)
     Mr. Wang Zhen
     Mr. Lu Peimei (appointed on 22 July 2022)
     Ms. Yu Fen (appointed on 22 July 2022)
     Mr. Zhen Litao (resigned on 22 July 2022)
     Mr. Zhao Changlong (resigned on 22 July 2022)
     Ms. An Lihong (resigned on 22 July 2022)


     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Peng Liaoyuan (appointed on 9 February 2022)
     Ms. Wen Yanhong
     Mr. Guo Zhaohui
     Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent (resigned on 9 February 2022)

     Biographical details of the current members of the Board are set out on pages 19 to 22 of this annual report.
     Save for being members of the Board, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other
     material relationship) between members of the Board.




24   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10
and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of (i) at least three independent non-executive
Directors, (ii) independent non-executive directors representing one-third of the Board, and (iii) at least one
independent non-executive Director possesses appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or
related financial management expertise.

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a period of three
years which may be terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on
the other. Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the
Company for a term of three years which may be terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing
served by either party on the other. The appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement by rotation
of Directors under the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles”). In accordance with the Articles,
at every annual general meeting of the Company (“AGM”), one-third of the Directors for the time being or, if
their number is not three or a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third shall retire
from office by rotation, provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be
subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board was satisfied with the independence
of the independent non-executive Directors.

The Board has also put in place mechanisms to ensure that independent views and opinions are available
to the Board. Directors may seek independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, where
appropriate, upon reasonable request. The Board and individual Directors should have their own access to
the senior management of the Company to access information and make enquiries about the Company. The
Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the above mechanism annually to ensure that the
Board has access to adequate and independent views and opinions from time to time.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company had arranged for appropriate insurance cover for
directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any legal actions against them arising out of the Company’s
corporate activities.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report    25
     Roles and Duties of the Board and Management
     The Board is in charge of formulating strategic business development, reviewing and monitoring the business
     performance of the Group, approving major funds allocation and investment proposals as well as preparing
     and approving the financial statements of the Group. The Board also gives clear instructions on the authority
     delegated to the management in relation to the administration and management of the Group.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Offer
     Under code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of the chairman and chief
     executive officer of a listed company should be separated and should not be performed by the same
     individual. The Company has distinguished the roles of chairman and chief executive officer in accordance
     with code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code. Currently, Mr. Duan Shengli is the chairman
     of the Board, primarily responsible for providing guidance and formulation of business strategies for the
     overall development of the Group, whereas Mr. Hu Liang is the general manager of the Company, primarily
     responsible for the daily operations, formulation of the overall strategy, business planning and operational
     decisions of the Group.


     Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board is responsible for performing the following corporate governance duties: (a) to formulate and
     review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to the
     Board; (b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and
     senior management; (c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with
     legal and regulatory requirements; (d) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance
     manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and (e) to review the Company’s compliance with the
     Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules and disclosures in the Corporate
     Governance Report in the annual report of the Company.

     The Board may delegate the corporate governance duties to a committee of the Board. The Board meets
     regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial performance of
     the Group. Directors may participate in the meetings either in person, by proxy, or by means of electronic
     communications.




26   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Attendance Record of Directors
4 Board meetings were convened by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022. At least 14
days’ notice before the date of the meeting is given for a regular Board meeting to allow all Directors to make
arrangements to attend. For all other Board meetings, reasonable notices were also given.

The attendance of individual Directors at the Board meetings, meetings of Board committees, and general
meetings held during the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out below:

                                                          Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings held

                                                    General                  Board                Audit Remuneration                 Nomination
 Director                                          Meeting                  Meeting       Committee             Committee             Committee

Mr. Duan Shengli (Note 1)                                 0/0                    2/2                                                            1/1
Mr. Hu Liang                                              0/0                    4/4                    –                  2/2                      –
Mr. Lu Peimei (Note 2)                                    0/0                    2/2                    –                     –                     –
Mr. Wang Zhen                                             0/0                    4/4                    –                     –                     –
Ms. Yu Fen (Note 2)                                       0/0                    2/2                    –                     –                     –
Mr. Zhen Litao (Note 3)                                   0/0                    2/2                    –                     –                 1/1
Mr. Zhao Changlong (Note 4)                               0/0                    2/2                    –                     –                     –
Ms. An Lihong (Note 5)                                    0/0                    2/2                    –                     –                     –
Mr. Peng Liaoyuan (Note 6)                                0/0                    4/4                 4/4                      –                 2/2
Ms. Wen Yanhong                                           0/0                    4/4                 5/5                   2/2                      –
Mr. Guo Zhaohui                                           0/0                    4/4                 5/5                   2/2                  2/2
Mr. Chan Chun Hung,
 Vincent (Note 7)                                         0/0                    0/0                 1/1                      –                 0/0

Notes:


(1)      Mr. Duan Shengli was appointed as an executive Director, chairman of the Board and chairman of the nomination committee on 22 July 2022.


(2)      Mr. Lu Peimei and Ms. Yu Fen were appointed as executive Directors on 22 July 2022.


(3)      Mr. Zhen Litao resigned as an executive Director, chairman of the Board and chairman of the Nomination Committee on 22 July 2022.


(4)      Mr. Zhao Changlong resigned as an executive Director on 22 July 2022.


(5)      Ms. An Lihong resigned as an executive Director on 22 July 2022.


(6)      Mr. Peng Liaoyuan was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination

         Committee on 9 February 2022.


(7)      Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent resigned as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the

         Nomination Committee on 9 February 2022.


                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report       27
     Directors’ Training
     Directors should participate in appropriate continuing professional development to develop and refresh their
     knowledge and skills. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company arranged a training session
     conducted by its legal advisers and reading materials relating to regulatory updates and compliance matters
     for the Directors. Newly appointed Director shall receive a formal and comprehensive induction on the first
     occasion of his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the purpose of the Company.
     During the year under review, all of the Directors of the Company have attended continuous professional
     development training sessions in compliance with code provision C.1.4 of the Corporate Governance Code.

     The company secretary of the Company has also complied with the 15 hours training requirements under
     Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


     Risk Management and Internal Control
     Duties of the Board and the Management
     The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control system and has the responsibility to
     review the effectiveness of the system. The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature
     and extent of the risks that the Group is willing to take in achieving strategic objectives, and monitoring the
     establishment and maintenance by the management of appropriate and effective risk management and
     internal control systems. The management is responsible for designing and maintaining an effective risk
     management and internal control system as well as providing confirmations to the Board on the effectiveness
     of the system. Sound risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than
     eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute
     assurance that there will be no material misstatements or losses.


     Risk Management
     During the year, the Group continued to improve the establishment of the risk management system structure
     at the group level to guide the risk assessment activities and ongoing risk monitoring activities for various
     departments by way of the following:

         Enhanced existing risk management organizational structure – An organizational structure with
          the Board of the Group as the decision-maker and the Chairman, general managers in charge of each
          center and management personnel at all levels as the implementation unit, has been established to
          divide risk management responsibilities and set out clear responsibilities for risk management and the
          risk information reporting route.




28   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
The main roles and responsibilities of the risk management system are as follows:

Roles                                   Primary Duties

Board (Decision-maker)                 •    Assess and determine the nature of the risk and the degree of
                                            acceptance to ensure the achievement of strategic objectives
                                       •    Review the changes in the nature and severity of material
                                            risks against the review conducted in previous year and the
                                            Group’s ability to cope with changes in business and external
                                            environment
                                       •    Ensure the establishment and maintenance of an effective risk
                                            management and internal control system
                                       •    Supervise management for the design, implementation and
                                            monitoring of the risk management and internal control system

Audit committee (Decision-maker)       •    Review the structure and responsibilities of risk management
                                            and continuously monitor its effectiveness, review the basic risk
                                            management system
                                       •    Supervise the management for the design, implementation and
                                            monitoring of the risk management and internal control system
                                       •    Monitor significant control failures or weaknesses that have
                                            been identified during the period, and the extent to which they
                                            have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that
                                            have had, could have had, or may in the future have, a material
                                            impact on the Company’s financial performance or condition

Senior management of the Group         •    Responsible for the development of risk management system,
  (Leadership)                              regularly review the Company’s risk management policies and
                                            system
                                       •    Design, implement and supervise the risk management work of
                                            the Group, report on risk management to the audit committee
                                            on a regular basis, and report and disclose significant risk
                                            information to the audit committee
                                       •    Provide the audit committee with the confirmation of the
                                            effectiveness of the risk management system




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report   29
     Roles                                     Primary Duties

     Management at the headquarters           •     Regularly update the list of risks involved in the relevant
         of the Group and management of             activities, and carry out risk identification and evaluation and
         functional departments in                  other related work
         regional offices (Implementer)       •     Develop and implement a risk response program for the relevant
                                                    activities
                                              •     Responsible for the implementation of specific risk management
                                                    measures
                                              •     Monitor all kinds of risks involved in the relevant activities,
                                                    timely report to the risk management coordinator and risk
                                                    management leadership on risk information
                                              •     Conduct other relevant work on risk management

     Internal audit function                  •     As a risk management supervising department, responsible for
                                                    supervising risk management work of the Group and regional
                                                    offices


           Updating the risk assessment criteria – In response to the changes in the internal and external
            operating environment of the Group and taking into account its business nature, operation
            characteristics and strategic objectives and the risk appetite of the management, the Group updated
            the risk assessment standards applicable to the Group and carried out the assessment on the risks that
            are most likely to affect the achievement of the corporate objectives by using commonly recognized
            assessment methods and assessment criteria.

           Improved risk management workflow – A risk management workflow covering major steps
            including identification, assessment, response, monitoring and reporting (please refer to chart 1 “Risk
            management workflow” below for details) has been enhanced to systematically organize, mitigate
            and monitor risks. The main elements include, for the purposes of business objectives of the Group,
            identifying the risk factors that affect the achievement of business objectives, assessing the likelihood
            and potential impacts of each specific risk; adopting measures to deal with the risks identified; and
            continuously monitoring the changes in risks and timely adjusting countermeasures.




30   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                        rtin   g
                                                   e po            Ide
                                                                       nt
                                                  R
                                                                        ifica
                                                                                tion

                                       nitoring
                                                       Risk

                                     Mo
                                                    management
                                                     workflow                   ent
                                                                            sm
                                                                        es
                                                                            s
                                                  Re
                                                       spo            As
                                                             nse

                                  (Chart 1: Risk management workflow)

    Risk management reviews are carried out in accordance with the established review frequency-
     the above key elements are reviewed in accordance with the frequency of the Group’s risk management
     assessment and reporting (at least once a year) and the Risk Management Manual of the Group.

During the year, the Board conducted a comprehensive review of the Group’s risk management and internal
control systems through the audit committee, identified the potential risks facing by its business and adopted
the relevant countermeasures with the help of external consultants, set out the main department responsible
for risk management and countermeasures and objectives for improvement, and reported the assessment
results to the audit committee.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   31
     Internal Control
     The Group has established its own internal control system by making reference to the internal control and
     management framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
     (please refer to chart 2: COSO internal control management framework). The Group’s risk management
     system consists of five interdependent elements, which coordinate and operate to ensure the effectiveness
     of internal control functions of the Group. The five elements are: control environment, risk assessment,
     control activities, information and communication and monitoring activities.

     The internal control system of the Group, as an important part of its risk management, is established based
     on the risks faced by the Group. The Group has designed procedures to safeguard its assets against
     unlawful use, maintain proper accounting records to provide reliable financial information for internal use or for
     publication, and to ensure the Group’s compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Nonetheless,
     the systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against any misstatement or
     loss.



                                                                                          pl
                                                       n        rt
                                                  tio
                                                                      Company level          ia
                                                  ra        po
                                               pe          Re        om
                                                                                                nc
                                              O                  C

                                                                                                   e
                                                                       Area of operation
                                          Control environment

                                            Risk assessment
                                                                           Operating Unit
                                            Control activities
                                             Information and                    Functions
                                              communication
                                          Monitoring activities


                              (Chart 2: COSO internal control management framework)


     Internal Audit
     The Group has established an internal audit department to be responsible for independent supervision.
     Management has developed measures for improvement in view of the vulnerabilities and weaknesses
     identified during the internal audit, which are followed up by the comprehensive monitoring center on a
     regular basis to ensure the timely implementation of the relevant measures for improvement.




32   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Review of Risk Management and Internal Control System
During the year, the Board, through the audit committee, conducted a review of the risk management
and internal control systems of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, covering the
Group and its regional offices. Material and important aspects of control, including financial, operation and
compliance areas, were reviewed, and the changes in natures and severity of major risks as well as the
Group’s ability to cope with the changes in its business were taken into account.

The audit committee has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the Company on
accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions as well its staff training programs and budget and
confirmed the adequacy of the same.

Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated 22 March 2022, 22 July 2022 and
15 February 2023 in relation to the enforcement of the Group’s deposits pledge of approximately RMB
13.4 billion (the “Pledge”) by relevant banks. The Company has established an independent investigation
committee (the “Independent Committee”) to conduct an independent investigation on the Pledge. The
Independent Committee stated in the findings of the independent investigation that the Pledge reflects the
deficiencies in the Group’s internal control system. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
15 February 2023 for a summary of such deficiencies.

The Board confirms that the findings of the independent investigation reflect deficiencies in the Group’s
internal control system, mainly including:

(a)   there was the issue of non-compliance of the relevant deposit certificate pledge guarantee proposals
      and contracts with the internal control management system, and that the relevant internal approval was
      ultimately made by Evergrande Group instead of the Group;

(b)   in terms of seal and file management, the subsidiaries of the Group involved in the Pledges did not
      establish an independent seal and file management system, and its company-level chops were under
      Evergrande Group’s de facto control;

(c)   the subsidiaries of the Group involved in the Pledges relied on the contract management center of
      Evergrande Group to review material contracts, which shows that the Group lacks the necessary
      independent risk assessment procedures or systems for external pledge guarantee and use of funds;

(d)   none of the deposit certificate pledge guarantees involved in the Pledges was created based on the
      actual business needs of the Group itself.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report   33
     Based on the findings of the investigation, the Independent Investigation Committee recommended that the
     domestic subsidiaries of the Group adopt the following measures in relation to their corporate governance
     and compliance management:

     (a)   enhance the implementation and enforcement of existing systems to ensure their effectiveness;

     (b)   establish an independent seal and file management system, regularly inspect and supervise the
           implementation of the filing work, and standardize the management of files;

     (c)   set up necessary and independent risk assessment procedures or systems, conduct necessary due
           diligence on entities such as contracting parties, and adopt corresponding level of risk prevention
           measures for material transactions;

     (d)   optimize the procedures for passing resolutions, decision-making and approval of material matters
           such as investment and external guarantees in the existing management system, improve the approval
           system for large-amount payments, standardize the approval and signing process of material contracts,
           and form an effective check and balance mechanism to ensure due supervision, authorization and
           approval;

     (e)   strengthen the training of senior management personnel, improve their risk identification ability, and
           strengthen their risk prevention awareness;

     (f)   when necessary, appoint other relevant professional institutions to assist in improving corporate
           governance and compliance management; and

     (g)   strictly abide by the Listing Rules and the relevant requirements for information disclosure thereunder,
           conduct independent internal control evaluations, and establish sufficient internal controls and
           procedures to fulfill the information disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules.

     The Company has engaged an internal control consultant to conduct a comprehensive review of the Group’s
     internal control and risk management system, and the Company will follow the recommendations of the
     internal control consultant and implement enhanced internal control and risk management system.

     At the same time, in order to further strengthen the internal control environment, the Company will adopt the
     following measures to avoid potential violations of the Listing Rules in the future:

     (a)   the internal audit department shall conduct regular review on the major internal control points to
           strengthen the implementation and enforcement of the internal control system;

     (b)   remind Directors, senior management and relevant personnel of the Group the importance of complying
           with the internal control procedures and increase their awareness on relevant aspects; and



34   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
(c)   provide regular trainings and seminars for all Directors, senior management and relevant personnel of
      the Group.

Having considered the findings of the internal control review and the remedial measures taken by the Group,
the audit committee and the Board are of the view that the Group’s internal controls and processes (including
systems, processes and control implementation) are largely in place and also enable the relevant internal
control risks to be controlled at a reasonable level.


Anti-fraud System
The Company has in place whistleblowing procedures to enable employees, customers and suppliers to
make anonymous reports of misconduct or other matters related to the Company.

The Group strictly prohibits any form of corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. The
Group has established a supervisory function for the coordination and establishment of the Company’s
anti-fraud system. The supervisory function is responsible for conducting investigations on any reports, and
providing guidance to the headquarter of the Group, personnel and units to promote integrity.


Framework for Disclosure of Inside Information
The Company has put in place a framework for the handling and disclosure of inside information in
compliance with the SFO. The framework sets out the procedures and internal controls, including but not
limited to establishing controls for monitoring business and corporate developments and events so that any
potential inside information is promptly identified and escalated, restricting access to inside information to a
limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis, and ensuring employees who are in possession of
inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve confidentiality, for the handling and
dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow all the shareholders and stakeholders to
assess the latest position of the Group.


Audit Committee
Currently, the audit committee comprised three members, namely Ms. Wen Yanhong, chairman of the
committee, Mr. Peng Liaoyuan and Mr. Guo Zhaohui, who are all independent non-executive Directors. The
audit committee adopted the written terms of reference which were basically the same as those set forth in
the code provision D.3.3 of the Corporate Governance Code. The audit committee is principally responsible
for the following duties, inter alia:

•     to provide recommendations on the appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors to
      the Board, approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors and handle any
      issues related to the resignation or dismissal of the auditors;



                                                                                             2022 Annual Report    35
     •    to review and monitor whether the external auditors are independent and objective and whether the
          audit procedures are effective in accordance with applicable standards;

     •    to formulate and implement policies for the engagement of external auditors for the provision of non-
          audit services;

     •    to monitor the integrity of the financial statements, the annual reports and accounts and the interim
          reports of the Company, and review the material financial reporting judgements therein;

     •    to review the financial control, internal control and risk management systems of the Company;

     •    to discuss the internal control and risk management systems with the management and to ensure
          that the management has discharged its duties of setting up an effective internal control and risk
          management system;

     •    to review the financial and accounting policies and practices of the Group; and

     •    to review the external auditors’ letter to the management, any material queries that the auditors made to
          the management in respect of the accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control as well
          as the management’s response.

     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Audit Committee held a total of 5 meetings. The number of
     meetings attended by each member is set out in the section headed “Record of meetings attended by the
     Directors” above. The Audit Committee performed the following significant work, including recommending
     the delay of the publication of the Group’s results for the year ended 31 December 2021, reviewing the
     Group’s compliance procedures, connected transactions, remuneration of external auditors, the Company’s
     resources, staff qualifications and experience in relation to its accounting, internal audit and financial reporting
     functions, training plans and budgets for its staff, and confirmed that all of the above were adequate. There
     was no disagreement between the Audit Committee and the Board on the selection of the Company’s
     external auditors.

     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the emolument of the external auditor of the Company for the annual
     audit of the financial statements of the Company amounted to RMB4.5 million. During the year ended 31
     December 2022, the remuneration of the Group’s external auditor for non-audit services was RMB2.0 million.




36   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Remuneration Committee
The remuneration committee’s terms of reference were basically the same as those set forth in code
provision E.1.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. The majority of the members of the remuneration
committee were independent non- executive Directors. Currently, the members of the remuneration
committee include Mr. Guo Zhaohui as chairman of the committee, Ms. Wen Yanhong and Mr. Hu Liang.
The remuneration committee is principally responsible for the following duties:

•    to make recommendations and suggestions to the Board in respect of the remuneration policy and
     structure of the Directors and senior management of the Company and the establishment of formal and
     transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy;

•    to determine the specific remuneration packages of all executive Directors and senior management;

•    to review and approve performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives
     resolved by the Board from time to time;

•    to review and approve payments to the executive Directors regarding compensation for their loss
     or termination of office or appointment, to ensure relevant terms of the contracts, and that the
     compensation is fair and not excessive for the Company;

•    to review and approve the arrangements involved in the termination or dismissal of Directors due to
     misconduct, to ensure that those arrangements are determined according to the relevant terms of the
     contracts, and that the compensation is reasonable and appropriate; and

•    to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, 2 meetings were convened by the remuneration committee. The
attendance of each member is set out in the section headed “Attendance Record of Directors” above. The
remuneration committee considered the policy for the remuneration of executive Directors, reviewed and
recommended to the Board the remuneration package of the Directors and the independent non-executive
Directors, assessed the performance of the executive Directors, and reviewed and approved the terms of the
service contracts of executive Directors.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, none of the Directors had waived or agreed to waive any
emoluments.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   37
     In accordance with code provision E.1.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, the remuneration by band for
     senior management (excluding directors) for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out below:

                                                                                                     Number of
     Annual remuneration by band                                                                     individuals

     HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                             2
     HK$nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                                   1


     Nomination Committee
     The nomination committee’s terms of reference were basically the same as those set forth in code provision
     B.3.1 of the Corporate Governance Code. The majority of the members of the nomination committee were
     independent non-executive Directors. Currently, the members of the nomination committee are Mr. Duan
     Shengli as the chairman of the committee, Mr. Peng Liaoyuan and Mr. Guo Zhaohui.

     The nomination committee is principally responsible for the following duties:

     •    to review the structure, size and composition (including skills, diversity, knowledge and experience)
          of the Board on a regular basis, and make recommendations and suggestions to the Board on any
          proposed changes;

     •    to identify individuals with suitable qualifications and diversity to serve as members of the Board,
          and select and nominate the relevant persons to serve as Directors or make recommendations and
          suggestions to the Board in this regard;

     •    to appraise the independence of the independent non-executive Directors in accordance with the
          provisions of applicable laws, regulations and rules; and

     •    to make recommendations and suggestions to the Board regarding the appointment and reappointment
          of Directors by the Company and succession plan for Directors.

     During the year ended 31 December 2022, 2 meetings were convened by the nomination committee. The
     attendance of each member is set out in the section headed “Attendance Record of Directors” above. The
     nomination committee considered the structure, size and composition of the Board, including the skills,
     knowledge, experience and diversity, made recommendations to the Board on the Directors standing for re-
     election at the annual general meeting, assessed the independence of independent non-executive Directors.




38   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Nomination Policy and Procedures
In the nomination of a new Director to the Board, the nomination committee will consider potential new
candidates openly from time to time having regard to the strategic needs of the Company and the Board.
The potential pool of candidates include (but without limitation) local and overseas academia, Hong Kong
and overseas listed companies directors, executives and experts in the relevant fields.

The nomination committee will consider the candidates based on merit having regard to the experience, skills
and expertise as well as the overall board diversity, and make recommendations to the Board as appropriate.


Board Diversity Policy
The Board has also adopted a “Board Diversity Policy” to ensure that the Board has the appropriate balance
of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives necessary to enhance the effectiveness of the Board and to
maintain high standards of corporate governance. Selection of board candidates shall be based on a range
of diversity perspectives with reference to the Company’s business model and specific needs, including but
not limited to gender, age, race, language, cultural background, educational background, industry experience
and professional experience.

The nomination committee reviews the Board Diversity Policy as appropriate to ensure the continued
effectiveness of the Board.

The Board currently consists of eight Directors, of whom two are female and six are male, aged between
35 and 54. By reference to the qualifications, work experience and background of the Directors, the Board
considers that it has achieved diversity in terms of gender, age, educational background, industry experience
and professional experience. The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board’s
diversity policy and all measurable objectives from time to time to ensure the effectiveness of the policy and
make recommendations to the Board on any revision to the policy as and when necessary.

The Board aims to maintain at least the current proportion of female members. The Company will ensure that
gender diversity is taken into account in the recruitment of middle and senior management and that sufficient
resources are available to provide appropriate training and functional development to maintain gender
diversity in the pipeline of potential successors to the Board.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   39
     Staff diversity
     As of 31 December 2022, the gender balance of the Group’s staff (including senior management) is set out
     below:

                                                                                     As of 31 December 2022

                                                                                     Number of Percentage of
                                                                                        persons        total staff

     Male staff                                                                          46,363           64.3%
     Female staff                                                                        25,713           35.7%


     The Board considers that there is an appropriate gender balance in the Group’s workforce. The Group
     promotes equality and diversity in human resources management and encourages gender diversity at all
     levels of work. The Group has established training plans to nurture corporate talent and develop a broad
     range of diverse and skilled and experienced staff. The Group will continue to look for opportunities to
     increase the proportion of female staff.

     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board has not been made aware of any factor or
     circumstance that make it more challenging or less relevant for staff, including senior management, to
     achieve gender diversity.


     Securities Transactions by the Directors
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
     “Model Code”) set forth in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the guidelines for Directors’ dealings in the
     securities of the Company. Following specific enquiries of all the Directors, each Director confirmed that he/
     she had complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code in relation to his/her securities
     dealings for the year ended 31 December 2022.


     Directors’ Responsibilities for the Financial Statements
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the
     Group in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also
     acknowledge their responsibilities to ensure that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are
     published in a timely manner.




40   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Risk of continuing as a going concern ” in the “Management
Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report, the Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties
which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The auditor’s statement on its reporting responsibilities in respect of the Company’s financial statements is
set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 62 to 70 of this annual report.


Dividend Policy
The Company has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) where the Company would, where
the situation allows, declare dividends to shareholders every year and may declare special dividends from
time to time. In deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount, the
Board will take into consideration the Group’s distributable profits generated during the year, the financial
situation and liquidity of the Group, the investment needs and the retained profits that should be set aside
for future development goals. While sharing the profit with shareholders, the Company will also maintain
sufficient reserves to meet its liabilities and to ensure the implementation of the Group’s strategy for future
development. The payment of dividend is also subject to any restrictions under the laws of Cayman Islands,
the laws of Hong Kong and the Articles.


Relationship with Controlling Shareholders
The Company has received, from each of Dr. Hui Ka Yan, Xin Xin (BVI) Limited, China Evergrande Group,
Anji (BVI) Limited, Shengjian (BVI) Limited and CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited (together the “Undertaking
Controlling Shareholders”) an annual declaration on the compliance with the deed of non-competition (the
“Deed”) entered into by each of them in favour of the Company pursuant to which each of the Undertaking
Controlling Shareholders has unconditionally undertaken to the Company that it/he will not directly or
indirectly participate in, hold any right or interest, or otherwise be involved in any business which may
compete with that of the Group. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and were satisfied
that each of the Undertaking Controlling Shareholders has complied with the Deed for the year ended 31
December 2022.


Amendments to the Company’s Constitutional Documents
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has not amended its memorandum of association
or its articles of association. The latest version of the documents is available on the Company’s website (www.
evergrandeservice.com) and the website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report   41
     Shareholders’ Rights
     Right to convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) (including the right of making
     proposals/moving resolutions at the EGM)
     Any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the
     paid up share capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at the general meetings of the Company (the
     “Eligible Shareholder(s)”) shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company
     Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such
     requisition, including making proposals or moving resolutions at the EGM. Eligible Shareholders who wish
     to convene an EGM for the purpose of making proposals or moving resolutions at the EGM must deposit a
     written requisition (the “Requisition”) signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned to the principal place
     of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 15th Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road,
     Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary.

     If within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition the Board has not notified the Eligible Shareholders and fails
     to convene such EGM, the Eligible Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in accordance with
     the Articles, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned as a result of the
     failure of the Board to convene such meeting shall be reimbursed to the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned by
     the Company.


     Right to Nominate Directors for Election at General Meetings
     If a shareholder wishes to propose a person other than a Director of the Company for election as a Director,
     the shareholder must deposit a written notice (the “Notice”) to the principal place of business of the
     Company in Hong Kong at 15th Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong,
     or the branch share registrar of the Company, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd., at 17M
     Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company
     Secretary. The Notice must state clearly the name of the shareholder(s) and his/her/their shareholding, the
     full name of the person proposed for election as a Director, including the person’s biographical details as
     required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, and be signed by the shareholder concerned (not the person
     to be nominated).

     The Notice must also be accompanied by a letter of consent signed by the person nominated to be elected on
     his/her willingness to be elected as a Director. The period for lodgment of the Notice will commence no earlier
     than the day after the despatch of the notice by the Company of the general meeting appointed for the election
     of Directors of the Company and end no later than seven(7) days prior to the date of such general meeting.

     The Notice will be verified by the Company’s branch share registrar and upon their confirmation that the
     request is proper and in compliance with the rules of procedures, the Company Secretary will ask the
     nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”) and the Board of the Company to
     consider to include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting proposing such person to be elected
     as a Director.

42   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Disclaimers
The contents of the section headed “Shareholders’ Rights” in this report are for reference only and in
compliance with disclosure requirements, which do not represent and shall not be regarded as legal or
other professional advice to the shareholders. Shareholders should seek their independent legal or other
professional advice as to their rights as shareholders of the Company. The Company disclaims any liability
for all liabilities and losses incurred by the shareholders in reliance upon any contents of the section headed
“Shareholders’ Rights”.


Shareholder Communication Policy
The Company has established a shareholder communication policy to ensure that shareholders have equal
and timely access to corporate information. Corporate information will be communicated to shareholders
through the Company’s corporate communications, annual general meetings and other general meetings
that may be held, as well as disclosures filed with the Stock Exchange. Shareholders may access information
published by the Company through the Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.com) or the Investor
Relations section of the Company’s website (www.evergrandeservice.com). Shareholders may also make
enquiries to the Company and provide comments and suggestions to the Board through the channels
mentioned in the “Investor Relations” section below. The Company will respond to shareholders’ enquiries as
soon as practicable after receipt. Based on the above, the Board considers that the Company’s shareholder
communication policy remained effective during the year.


Investor Relations
The Company emphasises communication with institutional investors so as to enhance the transparency of
the Company, and stresses the importance of channels to collect and respond to the opinions of institutional
investors.

During the year under review, the Company communicated and liaised with its shareholders and investors
through various channels, including corporate communications, publication of announcements on the Stock
Exchange’s website and the Company’s website, and responding to shareholders’ enquiries.

Shareholders, investors and the media can make enquiries with us by the following methods:

By telephone: (852) 2287 9208
By post: 15th Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
By email: IR@evergrandeservice.com




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report   43
     Report of the Directors

     The Directors is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited financial statements of the
     Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


     Principal Activities
     The Company is one of the largest and fastest-growing integrated property management service enterprise
     in the PRC. It is an all-round property corporate and manages a diverse portfolio of properties (including mid-
     to-high-end residential properties, office buildings and commercial properties), and has been contracted
     to manage other types of properties (such as industrial parks, healthcare complexes, themed towns and
     schools, etc.).


     Business Review
     General
     A review of the business of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022, discussion on the future
     development in the Group’s business, description of possible business risks and uncertainties that the Group
     may be facing are provided in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 4 to 7 and Management Discussion and
     Analysis on pages 8 to 18 of this annual report. An analysis of the key financial performance indicators of
     the Group and the key risks and uncertainties it faces are elaborated in the Management Discussion and
     Analysis on pages 8 to 18 of this annual report, and the financial risk management objectives and policies
     of the Group are set out in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. Particulars of important events
     affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 are set
     out on pages 58 to 60 of this annual report.


     Compliance with Laws and Regulations
     The Group has established procedures in place to ensure that its operations comply with applicable laws,
     rules and regulations. The Board is responsible to monitor the Group’s policies and practices for achieving
     compliance with legal and other regulatory requirements, and such policies and practices will be regularly
     reviewed. Any changes in the applicable laws, rules and regulations are brought to the attention of relevant
     employees and relevant operating units whenever necessary.

     As far as the Company is aware, the Group has complied in all material respects with laws and regulations
     that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.




44   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Environmental Policies and Performance
The Group is committed to the long-term sustainability of the environment and communities in which it
operates. The Group complies with applicable environmental protection laws and regulations for its business
operations, and has implemented relevant environmental protection measures in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations of PRC. Further details on the environmental policies and performance of the Group are
set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report for the year ended 31 December 2022 to be
published separately.


Relationship with Stakeholders
The Group recognizes that employees, customers and business partners are keys to its sustainable
development. The Group is committed to establishing a close and caring relationship with its employees,
providing quality services to its customers and enhancing cooperation with its business partners. The Group
provides systematic and extensive training programs to its employees to improve and enhance their technical
and service skills, as well as to supplement their knowledge of industry quality standards and work place
safety standard. Details are elaborated in the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 8 to 18 of this
annual report.

The Group is dedicated to develop good relationship with suppliers as long-term business partners to
ensure stability of the Group’s businesses. It reinforces business partnerships with suppliers by ongoing
communication in a proactive and effective manner.

Customers satisfaction with services and products has a profound effect on the profitability of the Group.
The Group is dedicated to foster a safe, convenient, healthy and caring community through its butlers who
are on call round-the-clock. The customer-centric culture has guided the Group to forge ahead and explore
new ways to better serve its customers. For example, it has implemented a smart information platform that
utilizes information and intelligent technologies to facilitate online interactions between its customers and
butlers, which enhances customer experience, reduces its reliance on manual labor and improves operating
efficiency.


Financial Statements
The results of the Group for the year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and other
comprehensive income of the Group on page 71.

The state of affairs of the Group as at 31 December 2022 is set out in the consolidated statement of financial
position on pages 72 and 73.

The cash flows of the Group for the year are set out in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows on page
75.


                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   45
     Share Capital
     Details of the movement in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 25 to the
     consolidated financial statements on page 134.


     Dividends
     The Board does not recommend the payment of any final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022.
     As at 31 December 2022, no shareholder of the Company had waived or agreed to waive any dividends or
     future dividends.


     Reserves
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company during the year are set out in note 26 to the financial
     statements on pages 134 to 136.

     As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s reserve available for distribution amounted to approximately
     RMB-6,305.4 million. No dividend was proposed for the year.


     Property and Equipment
     The movements in property and equipment during the year are set out in note 17 to the financial statements
     on pages 119 and 120.。


     Major Customers and Suppliers
     The largest customer and the five largest customers of the Group accounted for approximately 0.9% and 3.4%
     respectively of the Company’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022.

     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the total amount of purchases made by the Company from the
     largest and the five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 1.9% and 7.3% of the Company ’s total
     amount for the year.

     As far as the Company is aware, none of the Directors, their associates and shareholders who are interested
     in more than 5% of the share capital of the Company had any interest in the five largest suppliers and
     customers noted above.




46   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Directors
The Directors who held office during the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual
report were:


Executive Directors
Mr. Duan Shengli (appointed on 22 July 2022)
Mr. Hu Liang
Mr. Wang Zhen
Mr. Lu Peimei (appointed on 22 July 2022)
Ms. Yu Fen (appointed on 22 July 2022)
Mr. Zhen Litao (resigned on 22 July 2022)
Mr. Zhao Changlong (resigned on 22 July 2022)
Ms. An Lihong (resigned on 22 July 2022)


Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Peng Liaoyuan (appointed on 9 February 2022)
Ms. Wen Yanhong
Mr. Guo Zhaohui
Mr. Chan Chun Hung, Vincent (resigned on 9 February 2022)

The biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section headed “Profiles
of Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.

In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles, at each AGM one-third of the Directors for the time being (or,
if their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from
office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an AGM at least once every
three years. Accordingly, Mr. Hu Liang, Mr. Wang Zhen, and Mr. Guo Zhaohui shall retire at the forthcoming
AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

In accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles, any Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office
until the first general meeting after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting and any
Director appointed as an addition to the Board shall hold office until the next following AGM and shall then be
eligible for re-election. Accordingly, each of Mr. Duan Shengli, Mr. Lu Peimei, Ms. Yu Fen, Mr. Peng Liaoyuan
and Ms. Wen Yanhong shall retire at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-
election at the AGM.


Permitted Indemnity Provisions
The Articles provide that every Director is entitled to be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets
of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which he may
incur or sustain by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty or
supposed duty in their respective offices or trusts, except such (if any) as they shall incur or sustain through
their own fraud or dishonesty.


                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report    47
     The Group has taken out and maintained directors’ liability insurance for the year ended 31 December 2022,
     which provides appropriate cover for the Directors. The permitted indemnity provision was in force during the
     year ended 31 December 2022 and remained in force as at the date of this annual report for the benefit of
     the Directors.


     Management Contracts
     During the year ended 31 December 2022, no management or administration contract concerning the
     management of the whole or substantial part of any business of the Company was entered into, or subsisted
     at the end of the year.


     Directors’ Service Contracts
     None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with
     the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation
     (other than statutory compensation).


     Directors’ Interests in Contracts
     There were no contracts of significance in relation to the Group ’s business, to which any member of the
     Group was a party and in which a Director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
     indirectly, subsisting at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


     Directors’ Interests in Competing Businesses
     None of the Directors and their respective associates has an interest in any business which competes or may
     compete with the business in which the Group is engaged.


     Share Option Scheme
     The shareholders of the Company has resolved at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on
     10 May 2021 to adopt the share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”).

     The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to selected eligible
     participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group. The
     Directors consider that the Share Option Scheme will serve to motivate the eligible participants to contribute
     to the Group’s development. The Share Option Scheme, which will be in the form of options to subscribe for
     Shares, will enable the Group to recruit, incentivize and retain high-calibre staff, which the Directors consider
     that it is in line with modern commercial practice that eligible participants, which will include full-time or part-
     time employees, executives, officers or directors of the Group and of any associated corporation of the
     Company, and any advisors, consultants, agents, suppliers or joint venture partners who have contributed to
     the Group, be given incentives and align their interests and objectives with that of the Group.


48   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
The Share Option Scheme does not specify a minimum period for which an option must be held nor a
performance target which must be achieved before an option can be exercised. However, the rules of
the Share Option Scheme provide that the Board may determine, at its sole discretion, such terms and
conditions on the grant of an option.

Based on 10,810,811,000 shares of the Company (the “Shares”) in issue as at the date of the extraordinary
general meeting, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon the exercise of the options that
may be granted under the Share Option Scheme is 1,081,081,100 Shares, being 10% of the issued share
capital of the Company as at the date of the adoption of the Share Option Scheme and as at the date of this
annual report.

The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option
Scheme to any eligible participant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue within any 12-month period.

Any option offer will be deemed to have been granted and accepted by the grantee when the duplicate offer
document constituting acceptance of the option duly signed by the grantee, and a remittance in favour of the
Company of HK$1.00 as consideration for the grant thereof is received by the Company.

The exercise price of the options is determined by the Board at its absolute discretion and will be not
less than the highest price of the official closing price of the shares of the Company as stated in the daily
quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of grant, the average official closing prices of
the Company’s shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five
business days immediately preceding the date of grant and the nominal value of the shares of the Company.

The aggregate number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all share options that may be
granted under the Share Option Scheme and all outstanding share options granted and yet to be exercised
under the other share option schemes of the Company at the beginning and the end of the year ended 31
December 2022 is 10,810,811,000 Shares.

The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effect for a period of 10 years commencing from the date of
its adoption up to 9 May 2031. As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Share Option
Scheme is approximately 7 years and 11 months. No options have been granted by the Company under the
Share Option Scheme from the date of its adoption to 31 December 2022.


Equity-linked Agreement
Save for the Share Option Scheme, no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the
year ended 31 December 2022 or subsisted at the end of the year.


Directors’ Benefits from Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures
Save for the Share Option Scheme, at no time during the year was the Company, any of its holding
companies or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits
by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


                                                                                           2022 Annual Report   49
     Directors’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debenture
     As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the
     Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded
     in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company
     and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

     (i)      Interest in the shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                                                 Number of                Approximate
                                                     Capacity in                                                       Shares           percentage of
      Name of Director                               which interests are held                                     interested            shareholding (1)

     Mr. Duan Shengli (2)                            Beneficial owner                                             3,550,000                      0.03%

     Notes:

     1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of Shares in issue as at 31 December 2022.

     2.       Mr. Duan Shengli was appointed as an executive Director on 22 July 2022.



     (ii)     Interest in shares and underlying shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                  Capacity in                          shares or          Approximate
                                    Name of                                       which interests                     underlying percentage of
      Name of Director              associated corporation                        are held                                  shares shareholding (1)

     Mr. Duan Shengli (4)           China Evergrande Group                        Beneficial owner                 20,610,000(2)                 0.16%
                                    China Evergrande
                                    New Energy Vehicle
                                    Group Limited                                 Beneficial owner                    2,420,000                  0.02%
     Mr. Hu Liang                   China Evergrande Group                        Beneficial owner                  3,300,000     (3)
                                                                                                                                                 0.02%
     Mr. Lu Peimei (4)              China Evergrande Group                        Beneficial owner                        300,000(3)             0.00%
     Mr. Wang Zhen                  China Evergrande Group                        Beneficial owner                  1,300,000     (3)
                                                                                                                                                 0.01%
     Ms. Yu Fen       (4)
                                    China Evergrande Group                        Beneficial owner                  1,750,000     (3)
                                                                                                                                                 0.01%

     Notes:

     1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of shares in issue of the respective associated corporation as at 31 December
              2022.

     2.       Such interest included 10,000 shares in China Evergrande Group and 20,600,000 share options of China Evergrande Group.

     3.       Such interest was in the form of share options of China Evergrande Group.

     4.       Mr. Duan Shengli, Mr. Lu Peimei and Ms. Yu Fen were appointed as executive Directors on 22 July 2022.


50   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors, chief executive of the Company
or their respective associates had any other interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or
debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders
So far as is known to any Director or chief executive of the Company, as at 31 December 2022, the following
persons had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed
to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in
the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO or were otherwise notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange:

                                                                                                           Number of                Approximate
                                              Capacity in                                                        Shares           percentage of
Name of shareholder                           which interests are held                                      interested           shareholding (1)

Dr. Hui Ka Yan                                Interest in controlled corporation                     5,590,229,000(2)                     51.71%
Mrs. Hui                                      Spouse interest                                        5,590,229,000        (3)
                                                                                                                                          51.71%
Xin Xin (BVI) Limited                         Interest in controlled corporation                     5,590,229,000(4)                     51.71%
China Evergrande Group                        Interest in controlled corporation                    5,590,229,000(5)                      51.71%
                                                 and beneficial owner
Anji (BVI) Limited                            Interest in controlled corporation                     5,383,074,000(6)                     49.79%
Shengjian (BVI) Limited                       Interest in controlled corporation                     5,383,074,000(6)                     49.79%
CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited                    Beneficial owner                                       5,383,074,000(6)                     49.79%

Notes:

1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of Shares in issue as at 31 December 2022.

2.       Such shares were held by China Evergrande Group and its subsidiaries. Dr. Hui Ka Yan (“Dr. Hui”) is the controlling shareholder of China
         Evergrande Group and is deemed to be interested in such shares under the SFO.

3.       Mrs. Hui is the spouse of Dr. Hui and is deemed to be interested in the same interest of Dr. Hui in the Company under the SFO.

4.       Xin Xin (BVI) Limited is a company wholly owned by Dr. Hui and is the direct controlling shareholder of China Evergrande Group. Xin Xin (BVI)
         Limited is deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Evergrande Group in the Company under the SFO.

5.       Of the 5,590,229,000 Shares, 5,383,074,000 Shares were held by China Evergrande Group through its subsidiaries and 207,155,000 Shares
         were held directly by China Evergrande Group.

6.       CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited is directly owned as to 50% by China Evergrande Group and as to 50% by Shengjian (BVI) Limited. Shengjian (BVI)
         Limited is wholly owned by Anji (BVI) Limited, which is in turn wholly owned by China Evergrande Group. By virtue of the SFO, Shengjian (BVI)
         Limited and Anji (BVI) Limited and China Evergrande Group are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited.




                                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report       51
     Subsidiaries
     Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2022 are set out in note 38 to the financial
     statements on pages 154 and 155.


     Profit Guarantee
     Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 29 January 2021 (the “ Acquisition
     Announcement”).

     On 29 January 2021, the Group acquired 100% of the equity interests in 寧波市雅太酒店物業服務有限公
     司 (Ningbo Yatai Hotel Property Services Co., Ltd.*) (the “Target Company”, together with its subsidiaries,
     the “Target Group”), a company established in the PRC principally engaged in the property management
     business, for a total consideration of RMB1.5 billion.

     All the shareholders of the Target Company (the “Vendors”) warrant that the Target Group will achieve
     annual total revenue of RMB2 billion and net profit of RMB120 million for the year 2021; and total revenue
     of RMB2.3 billion and net profit of RMB140 million for the year 2022. The above performance undertaking is
     calculated yearly and may be consolidated after the end of the performance undertaking period.

     The Target Group’s gross operating income and annual net profit (excluding property management contracts
     and customer relationship amortisation) for 2022 amounted to RMB2.33 billion and RMB0.15 billion
     respectively, exceeding the 2022 performance target by RMB30 million and RMB10 million respectively.

     Accordingly, 30% of the net profit in excess of such net profit will be treated as an incentive for the vendor
     and the remaining net profit will be distributed in proportion to the target company’s shareholding.

     For details, please refer to the Acquisition Announcement.


     Continuing Connected Transactions
     During the year, the Group had the following transactions and arrangements with connected persons
     (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company which constituted continuing connected transactions
     for the Company and are required to be reported in this annual report in compliance with the disclosure
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:




52   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
1.    Car Parking Space Leasing
On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master car parking space leasing agreement (the
“2020 Master Car Parking Space Leasing Agreement ”) with China Evergrande Group, pursuant to
which the Group will lease from the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of China Evergrande Group
(the “Evergrande Associates”) certain car parking spaces (the “Car Parking Spaces”) situated in the
residential and commercial properties developed by the Evergrande Associates and managed by the Group
for subleasing to residents and tenants in such residential and commercial properties. The 2020 Master Car
Parking Space Leasing Agreement had a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31 December 2022.

The rent to be paid by the Group for the lease of the Car Parking Spaces was determined after arm’s length
negotiations with reference to, among others, the prevailing market rent of car parking spaces in similar
locations and similar properties and the number and occupancy rate of the Car Parking Spaces leased by
the Group from the Evergrande Associates.

It was estimated that the maximum amounts of rent fee payable by the Group for the leasing of the Car
Parking Spaces for the year ended 31 December 2022 would not exceed RMB175.4 million. During the year,
the total transaction amount under the Master Car Parking Space Leasing Agreement was approximately
RMB30.9 million.

As the 2020 Master Car Parking Spaces Lease Agreement expired on 31 December 2022 and it is expected
that the Group will continue to enter into similar transactions from time to time thereafter, the Group and
China Evergrande Group have renewed the Master Car Parking Spaces Lease Agreement on 30 December
2022 (the “2023 Master Car Parking Spaces Lease Agreement”) for a term of 3 years commencing from
1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025. The respective annual caps for the transactions contemplated under
the 2023 Master Car Parking Spaces Lease Agreement for the three years ending 31 December 2025 are
RMB477.8 million, RMB488.4 million and RMB493.7 million respectively. Please refer to the announcement
of the Company dated 30 December 2022 for further details of the Transactions.


2.    Procurement of Goods and Services
On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master procurement agreement (the “ Master
Procurement Agreement”) with China Evergrande Group, pursuant to which the Group agreed to procure
from the Evergrande Associates certain goods and services, including but not limited to (i) maintenance
materials and parts for use in the Group’s operations; (ii) office and communication equipment; (iii) staff
uniforms and other consumables; and (iv) gardening services (the “Procurement”). The Master Procurement
Agreement had a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31 December 2022.




                                                                                         2022 Annual Report   53
     The fee to be paid by the Group for the Procurement was determined after arm’s length negotiations
     with reference to (i) the catalogue prices (if available) of goods from the Evergrande Associates and other
     independent third-party suppliers; and (ii) the prevailing market price of similar goods and services (having
     taken into account the scope of services and the anticipated operational costs including but not limited to
     labor costs and costs of materials).

     It was estimated that the maximum amounts of fees payable by the Group for the Procurement for the
     year ended 31 December 2022 would not exceed RMB193.6 million. During the year, the total transaction
     amount under the Master Procurement Agreement was approximately RMB83.5 million.


     3.    Recreation Center Operational Management Services
     On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master recreation center operational management
     services agreement (the “Master Recreation Center Operational Management Services Agreement”)
     with China Evergrande Group, pursuant to which the Group agreed to provide operational management
     services (the “Recreation Center Operational Management Services”) with respect to recreation centers
     situated in the residential and commercial properties developed and owned by the Evergrande Associates.
     The Master Recreation Center Operational Management Services Agreement had a term commencing from
     the Listing Date until 31 December 2022.

     The fee to be charged for the Recreation Center Operational Management Services was determined after
     arm’s length negotiations with reference to the prevailing market rate (having taken into account the location
     and condition of the recreation centers, the scope of services and the anticipated operational costs including
     but not limited to labor costs, administrative costs and costs of materials).

     It was estimated that the maximum amounts of service fee payable to the Group in relation to the
     Recreation Center Operational Management Services for the year ended 31 December 2022 would not
     exceed RMB26.2 million. During the year, the total transaction amount under the Master Recreation Center
     Operational Management Services Agreement was approximately RMB4.7 million.


     4.    Property Transaction Assistance Services
     On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master property transaction assistance services
     agreement (the “Master Property Transaction Assistance Services Agreement”) with China Evergrande
     Group, pursuant to which the Group agreed to provide transaction assistance services in respect of (i) the
     leasing to third parties of properties (excluding car parking spaces) owned by the Evergrande Associates
     for commercial use; and (ii) the sales to third parties of the car parking spaces situated in residential and
     commercial properties developed by the Evergrande Associates (the “Property Transaction Assistance
     Services”). The Master Property Transaction Assistance Services Agreement had a term commencing from
     the Listing Date until 31 December 2022.

54   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
The fee to be charged for the Property Transaction Assistance Services was determined after arm’s length
negotiations with reference to (i) the rental and GFA of the properties to be leased through the Property
Transaction Assistance Services, (ii) the selling price and number of car parking spaces to be sold through
the Property Transaction Assistance Services; (iii) the scope of the Property Transaction Assistance Services;
and (iv) a certain service fee calculated at a rate which is comparable to the prevailing market rate paid by
the Evergrande Associates to other independent property transaction assistance service providers for similar
services.

It was estimated that the maximum amounts of service fee payable to the Group in relation to the Property
Transaction Assistance Services for the year ended 31 December 2022 would not exceed RMB192.3 million.
During the year, the total fee paid under the Master Property Transaction Assistance Services Agreement
was approximately RMB29.9 million.


5.    Property Management and Related Services
On 19 November 2020, the Company entered into a master property management and related services
agreement (the “2020 Master Property Management and Related Services Agreement”) with China
Evergrande Group, pursuant to which the Group agreed to provide to the Evergrande Associates property
management and related services, including but not limited to (i) property management services for unsold
properties and properties owned by the Evergrande Associates; (ii) pre-delivery services including (a)
management and maintenance services for construction sites, show flats and property sales centers and
preliminary planning and design consultancy services at the pre-delivery stage, (b) pre-delivery cleaning
services, and (c) pre-delivery inspection services; and (iii) repair and maintenance services during the warranty
period of residential and commercial properties developed by the Evergrande Associates (the “Property
Management and Related Services ”). The 2020 Master Property Management and Related Services
Agreement had a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31 December 2022.

The fees to be charged for the Property Management and Related Services was determined after arm’s
length negotiations with reference to the prevailing market price (having taken into account the location
and condition of the property, the scope of services and the anticipated operational costs including but not
limited to labor costs, administrative costs and costs of materials), historical transaction amounts and the
prices charged by the Group for providing comparable services to Independent Third Parties.

It was estimated that the maximum amounts of service fee payable to the Group in relation to the Property
Management and Related Services for the year ended 31 December 2022 would not exceed RMB6,534.3
million. During the year, the total transaction amount under the Master Property Management and Related
Services Agreement was approximately RMB60.0 million.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report    55
     As the 2020 Master Property Management and Related Services Agreement expired on 31 December 2022
     and it is expected that the Group will continue to enter into similar transactions from time to time thereafter,
     the Group and China Evergrande Group have renewed the Master Property Management and Related
     Services Agreement dated 30 December 2022 (the “2023 Master Property Management and Related
     Services Agreement”) for a period of 3 years commencing from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025. The
     respective annual caps for the transactions contemplated under the 2023 Master Property Management and
     Related Services Agreement for the three years ending 31 December 2025 are RMB478.5 million, RMB457.5
     million and RMB487.1 million respectively. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 30
     December 2022 for further details of the Transactions.

     China Evergrande Group is the holding company of the Company and is therefore a connected person
     of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under each of (i) 2020 Car Parking
     Spaces Leasing Agreement; (ii) Master Procurement Agreement; (iii) Master Recreation Center Operational
     Management Services Agreement; (iv) Master Property Transaction Assistance Services Agreement; (v)
     2020 Property Management and Related Services Master Agreement; (vi) 2023 Master Car Parking Spaces
     Leasing Agreement and (vii) 2023 Master Property Management and Related Services Agreement constitute
     continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     Confirmations
     Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the
     above continuing connected transactions as set out above and confirmed that they were entered into:

     1.    in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

     2.    on normal commercial terms or better; and

     3.    in accordance with the respective agreements governing the above-mentioned continuing connected
           transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

     Furthermore, in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Group has engaged its auditors to
     report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions. The auditors of the Group have issued a letter to
     the Board confirming that nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the above
     continuing connected transactions:

     1.    have not been approved by the Board;

     2.    have exceeded the respective caps;

     3.    have not been entered into in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such
           transactions; and


56   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    were not in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group where such transactions involved the
      provision of goods or services by the Group.


Related Party Transactions
Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are disclosed
in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Save as disclosed above, during the year
under review, none of the related party transactions constituted a connected transaction or continuing
connected transaction subject to independent Shareholders ’ approval, annual review and all disclosure
requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


Controlling Shareholders’ Interests in Contracts of Significance
Saved as disclosed in this annual report, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries entered into any
significant contracts with the controlling shareholders of the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the year
ended 31 December 2022.


Employee and Remuneration Policy
As at 31 December 2022, the Group employed a total of 72,076 employees. The Group recruits and
promotes individuals based on merit and their development potentials. Remuneration package offered to all
employees including Directors is determined with reference to their performance and the prevailing salary
levels in the market. The Company has also adopted the Share Option Scheme to incentivize selected
eligible participants including, among others, employees and directors of the Group, for their contribution or
potential contribution to the Group. Details of the Share Option Scheme are set out in the section headed
“Share Option Scheme” above.


Commitments
Details of commitments are set out in note 32 to the financial statements on page 143.


Independence Confirmation
The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation of
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The board of Directors is satisfied with the
independence of each of the independent non-executive Directors.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   57
     Corporate Governance
     The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. Further information on
     the Company’s corporate governance practices is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 24
     to 43.


     Foreign Exchange Risks
     Details of the foreign exchange risks are set out in note 5.1.1(i) to the financial statements on page 99.


     Purchase, Sale and Redemption of Shares
     During the year ended 31 December 2022, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold
     or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.


     Disclosure Pursuant to Rule 13.20 of the Listing Rules
     So far as the Directors are aware, there were no circumstances which would give rise to a disclosure
     obligation under Rule 13.20 of the Listing Rules in relation to the Company’s advance to an entity.


     Events after the Reporting Period
     Apart from the events disclosed below, there have been no other material subsequent events since the end
     of the reporting period up to the date of this report.


     Independent investigation
     Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated 29 March 2022, 22 July 2022 and 15
     February 2023 in relation to the Independent Investigation and 21 September 2022 and 20 December 2022
     in relation to the quarterly information update respectively (collectively, the “Relevant Announcements”) and
     unless the context otherwise requires, terms used below shall have the same meanings as those used in the
     Relevant Announcements.

     The Company has established the Independent Investigation Committee to investigate the Deposit Pledge
     Incident. The Independent Investigation Committee comprises Ms. Wen Yanhong, Mr. Peng Liaoyuan and
     Mr. Guo Zhaohui, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors of the Company, of whom Ms. Wen
     Yanhong is the chairman of the Independent Investigation Committee.

     The Independent Investigation Committee has appointed DLA Piper, Jincheng Tongda & Neal and Grant
     Thornton China as professional advisers to the Independent Investigation Committee to assist in the
     investigation.




58   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
The Company released the key findings of the Independent Investigation on 15 February 2023. According
to the findings of Independent Investigation, during the period from 28 December 2020 to 2 August 2021,
six subsidiaries of the Company (namely Jinbi Property, Jinbi Hengying, Jinbi Huafu, Evergrande Hengkang,
Jinbi Shijia and Jinbi Hengkang) provided the Pledges to Banks 1 to 8 for the purposes of obtaining financing
for Third Parties 1 to 36 (as guaranteed parties). The relevant funds (after deduction of fees) were transferred
to Evergrande Group through certain guaranteed parties and various Intermediary Companies. The guarantee
period of the Pledges was due. As the conditions for enforcing the Pledges were triggered, Banks 2, 3, 5,
6,7&8 deducted/transferred the deposit certificates in the total amount of approximately RMB13.4 billion.

The incident reflected to a certain extent the inadequacy of the Group’s internal control system and the
Company has appointed an internal control consultant to conduct a comprehensive assessment of the
Company’s internal control and risk management system.

According to the relevant laws and regulations, the Group may seek compensation from the guaranteed
parties for the deducted/transferred deposit certificates of RMB13.4 billion in accordance with the relevant
laws and regulations and the terms of the pledge guarantee contracts, or seek compensation from the
actual recipients or users of the funds by virtue of the creditor-debtor relationship. The Company is currently
in discussion with China Evergrande regarding a proposal to repay the funds involved in the Pledges. The
plan is mainly to set off the relevant sums by transferring assets of the Evergrande Group to the Group.The
Company has engaged DLA Piper as the Company’s overseas lawyer, Beijing Dentons Law Offices, LLP
(Guangzhou) as the Company’s domestic lawyer, Maxa Capital Limited as the independent financial adviser
and Hong Kong Appraisal Advisory Limited (香港評值國際有限公司) as the property appraiser to assist the
Company in taking forward the repayment proposal. The Company will issue further announcement(s) once
the relevant repayment proposal has been finalised. Please refer to the relevant announcement for details of
the independent investigation.

Resumption guidance from Stock Exchange
The Company received the following resumption guidance and additional resumption guidance from the
Stock Exchange on 15 June 2022 and 30 August 2022 respectively:

(a)   publish all outstanding financial results required under the Listing Rules and address any audit
      modifications;

(b)   conduct an independent investigation into the enforcement by relevant banks of pledge guarantee in
      the amount of RMB13.4 billion, announce the findings and take appropriate remedial measures;

(c)   demonstrate the Company’s compliance with Rule 13.24 of the Listing Rules;




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report    59
     (d)   inform the market of all material information for the Company’s shareholders and other investors to
           appraise the Company’s position;

     (e)   demonstrate that there is no reasonable regulatory concern about management integrity and/or the
           integrity of any persons with substantial influence over the Company’s management and operations,
           which may pose a risk to investors and damage market confidence; and

     (f)   conduct an independent internal control review and demonstrate that the Company has in place
           adequate internal controls and procedures to meet the obligations under the Listing Rules.

     The Company has issued quarterly announcements in accordance with Listing Rule 13.24A in relation to
     such developments and will take appropriate steps to comply with the resumption guidance.

     For details of the above matters, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 20 June 2022, 1
     September 2022, 21 September 2022, 20 December 2022 and 22 March 2023 for details of the above
     matters.


     Change of auditor
     Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 16 January 2023 in relation to the change
     of auditor (the “Announcement”). On 16 January 2023, PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) resigned as the
     auditor of the Company at the recommendation of the Company. The matters leading to PwC’s resignation
     as the auditor of the Company, as set out in his resignation letter to the Audit Committee and the Board
     dated 16 January 2023, were also matters which PwC considered should be brought to the attention of
     shareholders and creditors of the Company. On the same day, the Board appointed Prism Hong Kong and
     Shanghai Limited (上會栢誠會計師事務所有限公司) (“Prism”) as the new auditor of the Company to fill the
     casual vacancy following the resignation of PwC and to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual
     general meeting of the Company. Prism is a member firm of Shanghai Certified Public Accountants (Special
     General Partnership) in Hong Kong. For further details, please refer to the Announcement.


     Financial Summary
     A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five years is set out on page 156.


     Pre-emptive Rights
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands requiring the
     Company to offer new shares to the existing shareholders of the Company in proportion to their respective
     shareholders if new shares are issued.




60   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Tax Relief
The Board is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the shareholders of the Company due to
their holding of the Company’s securities.


Sufficiency of Public Float
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as
at the date of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the Listing
Rules.


Auditors
Save as disclosed under the section headed “Events after the Reporting Period” above, there had been no
change in auditor of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 or any of the preceding three
years, with the Company’s auditor for 2020 being PwC and the Company’s auditor for 2021 and 2022 being
Prism, and a resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM for the re-appointment of Prisms as the
auditor of the Company.




On behalf of the Board
Duan Shengli
Chairman
Hong Kong, 5 June 2023




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   61
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 71
     to 155, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
     changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
     consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
     position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
     consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
     Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”)
     and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS OF OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
     HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
     the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
     accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by HKICPA (the “Code”), and we
     have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
     we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN
     We draw your attention to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements concerning the adoption of
     the going concern basis on which the consolidated financial statements have been prepared. As at 31
     December 2022, the Group had net current liabilities and net liabilities of approximately RMB3,321,357,000
     and RMB1,512,765,000 respectively as of that date. These conditions, together with the other matters set
     out in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, indicate that there are material uncertainties that may
     affect the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. The Group is implementing various measures to
     improve its liquidity. On the basis that all these measures can be successfully implemented, the directors
     of the Company are of the opinion that the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial
     obligations as they fall due and accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a
     going concern basis. In respect of this matter, our opinion has not been modified.

62   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


Key Audit Matter                                       How our audit addresses the key audit matter

1.    Impairment assessment of goodwill and property management contracts and customer relationship

      Refer to note 18 to the consolidated financial   Our procedures in relation to the managements
      statements and accounting policies on page       judgements and estimates used in the impairment
      87.                                              assessment of goodwill and property management
                                                       contracts and customer relationship included:
      As at 31 December 2022, the Group ’ s
      goodwill and property management                 —      Understand, evaluate and test internal controls
      contracts and customer relationship were                over the impairment assessment of goodwill
      RMB1,144,272,000 and RMB832,076,000                     and property management contracts and
      respectively.                                           customer relationship, and assess the inherent
                                                              risks of material misstatements based on the
                                                              degree of estimation uncertainty and level of
                                                              other factors, such as complexity, subjectivity,
                                                              change and susceptibility to management bias
                                                              or fraud;

                                                       —      Evaluate the competency, capabilities and
                                                              objectivity of the external valuer;




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report   63
     Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addresses the key audit matter

     As disclosed in note 18 to the consolidated financial     –    Challenge and evaluate the reasonableness
     statements, management assesses impairment of                  of the key assumptions and input adopted
     goodwill and property management contracts and                 by management through: (i) Evaluate the
     customer relationships by estimating the recoverable           accuracy of historical cash flow forecasts,
     amounts of the cash-generating units to which                  for example, comparing forecasts used last
     goodwill and property management contracts                     year with actual business performance in the
     and customer relationships have been allocated.                current year; (ii) Evaluate the reasonableness
     The value-in-use calculations require the Group to             of the key assumptions used in the cash flow
     estimate the expected future cash flows of the cash-           forecasts, including expected growth rates of
     generating units, long-term growth rate and suitable           revenue by comparing with historial financial
     discount rate. The Group engages an independent                data and approved budgets; (iii) for terminal
     valuers to assist in the estimation. The key estimates         growth rates, we evaluate them with reference
     involved in preparing the expected future cash flows           to long-term expected inflation rates based
     include (i) expected growth rates of revenue; (ii)             on our independent research; (iv) Evaluate
     terminal growth rates and (iii) pre-tax discount rates.        the pre-tax discount rate with reference to
                                                                    comparable listed companies based on our
     We have identified impairment of goodwill and
                                                                    industry knowledge and independent research;
     property management contracts and customer
     relationships as a key audit matter due to the overall
     significance of the balances to the consolidated
     financial statements, and the significant degree of
     estimation made by the Group for the recoverable
     amount of the goodwill and property management
     contracts and customer relationship allocated to the
     cash-generating units.




64   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Key Audit Matter   How our audit addresses the key audit matter

                   –     Perform sample testing of source data,
                         such as approved budgets and publicly
                         available market data and consider their
                         reasonableness;

                   —     Evaluate the reasonableness of management’s
                         sensitivity analysis of key assumptions to
                         understand the impact of reasonable changes
                         in assumptions on recoverable amounts; and

                   —     Evaluate whether the judgements made and
                         key assumptions selected in choosing the
                         method would give rise to signs of potential
                         management bias.

                   Based on the above, we found that the significant
                   management judgements and key assumptions
                   used in the impairment assessment of goodwill
                   and property management contracts and customer
                   relationships are supported by the available evidence.




                                                       2022 Annual Report   65
     Key Audit Matter                                         How our audit addresses the key audit matter

     2.   Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables

          Refer to note 21 to the consolidated financial      Our procedures in relation to the management ’ s
          statement and accounting policies on page           judgements and estimates used in the expected
          89.                                                 credit losses assessment of trade and other

          As at 31 December 2022, the carrying                receivables included:

          amount of trade and other receivables
                                                              –    Understand the Group’s internal controls and
          was RMB3,199,307,000 and credit losses
                                                                   evaluation procedures for expected credit losses
          allowance of RMB108,832,000 was
                                                                   on trade and other receivables, and assess the
          recognised in profit or loss for the year ended
                                                                   inherent risks of material misstatement based
          31 December 2022.
                                                                   on the level of estimation uncertainty and other
          As the assessment of the expected credit                 inherent risk factors, such as complexity and
          loss allowance of trade and other receivables            subjectivity;
          involves our significant management
          estimates, we have identified the expected
          credit losses of trade and other receivables as
          a key audit matter.

          As disclosed in note 21 to the consolidated
          financial statements, the management uses
          a provision matrix to calculate expected
          credit losses on trade receivables, with the
          provision rates determined based on the
          ageing of each debtor, which are considered
          to have similar loss patterns and take into
          account historical default rates and forward-
          looking information. For other receivables, the
          management measures the loss allowance
          equal to 12-month expected credit loss,
          unless when there has a significant increase in
          credit risk since initial recognition, the Group
          recognises lifetime expected credit losses.
          The assessment of whether lifetime expected
          credit losses should be recognised is based
          on significant increase in the likelihood or risk
          of a default occurring since initial recognition.



66   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Key Audit Matter   How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                   —   Evaluate the appropriateness of the methods
                       used and the reasonableness of the key
                       assumptions by: (i) Based on our understanding
                       of the Group ’ s business processes, credit
                       control procedures and the credit risk
                       characteristics of trade and other receivables,
                       evaluate the appropriateness of debtors
                       grouping; (ii) Refer to the credit information
                       and historical settlement performance of
                       debtors to evaluate the reasonableness of the
                       key assumptions used to estimate loss rates,
                       and corroborate management ’s explanations
                       together with publicly available information
                       and corroborating evidence; (iii) Refer to the
                       understanding of the Group’s business, industry
                       and external macroeconomic data, challenge
                       and evaluate management ’ s assessment of
                       debtors ’ financial condition, current market
                       conditions and forward-looking factors;

                   —   Test on a sample basis the accuracy of
                       management’s aging analysis of trade
                       receivables based on supporting documents;

                   —   Check the mathematical accuracy of the
                       calculation of the loss allowance; and

                   —   Evaluate the adequacy of disclosures related
                       to expected credit losses on trade and other
                       receivables.

                   Based on the above, we found that the key
                   judgments and estimates made by management
                   for the expected credit loss assessment of trade
                   and other receivables are supported by available
                   evidence.


                                                      2022 Annual Report   67
     OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. Other information comprises
     the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our
     auditor’s report thereon. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other
     information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
     consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
     or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
     work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AND THOSE
     CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
     give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements
     of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors of the Company
     determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
     material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
     assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
     going concern and using going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either
     intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The management assists the directors of the Company in fulfilling their responsibilities in overseeing the
     Group’s consolidated financial reporting process.


     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
     a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
     that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our
     engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
     other person for the contents of this report.




68   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected, to influence the economic decisions that users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
     due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
     evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
     a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
     involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by the directors of the Company.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the Company’s directors’ use of the going concern basis of
     accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related
     to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
     concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
     auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
     are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
     the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
     continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
     transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
     business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
     We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
     responsible for our audit opinion.



                                                                                                2022 Annual Report   69
     We communicate with the those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
     scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
     control that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide the those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
     ethical requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other
     matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken
     to estimate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
     were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
     therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
     precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
     a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
     reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Lee Kwok Lun.




     Prism Hong Kong and Shanghai Limited
     Certified Public Accountants


     Lee Kwok Lun
     Practising Certificate Number: P06294
     Hong Kong
     5 June 2023




70   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                                              2022                2021
                                                              Notes        RMB’000             RMB’000

Revenue                                                        8         11,809,176          13,193,464
Cost of sales                                                             (9,090,093)         (9,529,531)

Gross profit                                                               2,719,083           3,663,933
Other income                                                    9            156,763             326,118
Other losses                                                   10              (3,791)          (595,831)
Impairment losses on financial assets                                       (108,832)         (2,575,947)
Fair value gains on investment properties                                         232              5,153
Administrative and marketing expenses                                       (777,358)           (980,053)

Operating profit/(loss)                                                    1,986,097            (156,627)
Fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets at
   fair value through profit or loss                                           7,102                (774)
Finance costs                                                  13            (56,202)            (61,503)

Profit/(loss) before income tax                                            1,936,997            (218,904)
Income tax expenses                                            14           (458,423)           (169,880)

Profit/(loss) for the year                                                 1,478,574            (388,784)

Profit/(loss) attributable to:
– Owners of the Company                                                    1,422,679            (316,294)
– Non-controlling interests                                                   55,895              (72,490)

                                                                           1,478,574            (388,784)

Other comprehensive income
Item that maybe reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
   Exchange difference arising on translation of financial
   statements of foreign operations                                            2,849                 315

Total comprehensive income/(expenses) for the year                         1,481,423            (388,469)

Total comprehensive income/(expenses) attributable to:
– Owners of the Company                                                    1,425,528            (315,979)
– Non-controlling interests                                                   55,895              (72,490)

                                                                           1,481,423            (388,469)

Earnings/(loss) per share
– Basic and diluted                                            15          RMB0.13             RMB(0.03)

The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in
conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                                         2022 Annual Report   71
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                            2022            2021
                                                               Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000

     Assets
     Non-current assets
       Property and equipment                                   17        57,680        70,672
       Right-of-use assets                                      28        69,255       188,423
       Intangible assets                                        18     1,986,971     2,205,277
       Investment properties                                    19        40,253        40,021
       Investments accounted for using the equity method        20        32,532        29,240
       Deferred income tax assets                               30        65,836       147,966

                                                                       2,252,527     2,681,599

     Current assets
       Trade and other receivables                              21     3,199,307     2,713,914
       Prepayments                                              22        36,734        34,376
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               3,180            5,489
       Restricted cash                                          24        88,044        36,596
       Cash and cash equivalents                                23     1,567,979     1,130,154

                                                                       4,895,244     3,920,529

     Total assets                                                      7,147,771     6,602,128

     Equity
       Share capital                                            25         7,060            7,060
       Reserves                                                 26     (6,305,377)   (6,824,318)
       Retained earnings                                               4,290,073     2,950,707

     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                      (2,008,244)   (3,866,551)
     Non-controlling interests                                  34       495,479       364,021

     Total deficiency in equity                                        (1,512,765)   (3,502,530)




72   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                              Notes          RMB’000            RMB’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
  Borrowings                                                   29              66,667            150,000
  Lease liabilities                                            28             124,784            218,551
  Other payables                                               27                     –            54,018
  Contingent consideration payables                            33              51,208              58,310
  Deferred income tax liabilities                              30             201,276            253,081

                                                                              443,935            733,960

Current liabilities
  Contract liabilities                                          8           2,688,029          3,080,149
  Trade and other payables                                     27           4,925,270          5,536,520
  Current income tax liabilities                                              278,068            501,011
  Lease liabilities                                            28             142,201            103,018
  Borrowings                                                   29             183,033            150,000

                                                                            8,216,601          9,370,698

Total liabilities                                                           8,660,536         10,104,658

Total equity and liabilities                                                7,147,771          6,602,128


The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




The consolidated financial statements on pages 71 to 155 were approved by the Board of Directors and
signed on its behalf on 5 June 2023.


                         Duan Shengli                                     Hu Liang
                           Director                                        Director



                                                                                          2022 Annual Report   73
    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                   Non-
                                                             Share                  Retained                 controlling
                                                            capital   Reserves      earnings        Subtotal   interests       Total
                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000

    Balance at 31 December 2020
      (as originally stated)                                 7,060    6,522,290     3,393,829     9,923,179      10,962     9,934,141
    Prior year adjustment                                        –       (50,000)            –       (50,000)         –        (50,000)
    Common control combinations                                  –        50,000       (77,531)      (27,531)         –        (27,531)

    Balance at 1 January 2021 (restated)                     7,060    6,522,290     3,316,298     9,845,648       10,962    9,856,610
    Loss for the year                                            –            –      (316,294)     (316,294)     (72,490)    (388,784)
    Currency translation differences                             –          315             –           315            –          315

                                                                 –          315      (316,294)     (315,979)     (72,490)    (388,469)

    Transactions with owners of the Company
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                  –             –             –             –    425,312       425,312
    Capital contribution by the shareholder of the
      subsidiary acquired under common control                   –       50,000              –       50,000            –       50,000
    Acquisition of subsidiaries under
      common control                                             –      (39,198)             –      (39,198)           –      (39,198)
    Shareholders’ equity transactions (Note 21)                  – (13,400,000)              – (13,400,000)            – (13,400,000)
    Release of financial guarantee to ultimate
      holding company                                            –        50,000            –         50,000          –         50,000
    Transfer to statutory reserves                               –        49,297      (49,297)             –          –              –
    Others                                                       –       (57,022)           –        (57,022)       237        (56,785)

    Balance at 31 December 2021                              7,060    (6,824,318)   2,950,707     (3,866,551)   364,021     (3,502,530)

    Balance at 1 January 2022                                7,060    (6,824,318)   2,950,707     (3,866,551)   364,021     (3,502,530)
    Profit for the year                                          –             –    1,422,679      1,422,679     55,895      1,478,574
    Currency translation differences                             –         2,849            –          2,849          –          2,849

                                                                 –        2,849     1,422,679     1,425,528      55,895     1,481,423

    Transactions with owners of the Company
    Deemed disposal of equity interests in subsidiaries          –            –             –              –     75,563        75,563
    Transfer to statutory reserves                               –       83,313       (83,313)             –          –             –
    Tax effect of equity transactions with
      ultimate holding company                                   –      402,000              –      402,000            –      402,000
    Others                                                       –       30,779              –       30,779            –       30,779

    Balance at 31 December 2022                              7,060    (6,305,377)   4,290,073     (2,008,244)   495,479     (1,512,765)

    The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
74 EVERGRANDE
   notes.     PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2022                2021
                                                                  Notes        RMB’000             RMB’000

Cash flows of operating activities
  Net cash generated from operations                               31            974,700          4,668,344
  PRC enterprise income tax paid                                                (218,262)          (184,948)

Net cash from operating activities                                              756,438           4,483,396

Cash flows of investing activities
  Purchases of financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                                                    –          (2,554,226)
  Purchases of property and equipment                              17            (32,837)             (17,479)
  Purchase of investments accounted for
     under the equity method                                                      (5,500)             (7,462)
  Purchases of intangible assets                                                  (1,359)             (2,711)
  Proceeds from disposal of joint ventures                                         5,100                 613
  Disposal of equipment                                                          19,127                2,889
  Interest received                                                                9,082            208,710
  Net payments for consideration payables for
     acquisition of subsidiaries                                                (180,508)         (1,101,795)
  Sale of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        –           2,729,431

Net cash used in investing activities                                           (186,895)           (742,030)

Cash flows of financing activities
  Enforcement of financial guarantees to ultimate
    holding company                                                                     –        (13,400,000)
  Proceeds from borrowings                                                         49,700            350,000
  Repayments of borrowings                                                      (100,000)           (121,738)
  Principal portion of lease payments                                             (67,683)            (79,529)
  Interest paid                                                                   (14,450)            (13,207)
  Dividends paid                                                                        –              50,000

Net cash used in financing activities                                           (132,433)        (13,214,474)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                             437,110          (9,473,108)
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                               1,130,154         10,605,396
  Exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents                               715               (2,134)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                       1,567,979          1,130,154

The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.



                                                                                             2022 Annual Report   75
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

     1.     CORPORATE INFORMATION
            Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman
            Islands on 13 March 2020 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law
            (Cap. 22. Law 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of the
            Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-
            1111, Cayman Islands.

            The Company ’s ultimate holding company is China Evergrande Group, an exempted company
            incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and its shares are listed on The Stock
            Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

            The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are
            primarily engaged in the provision of property management services and related value-added services.

            The consolidated financial statements is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and rounded to nearest
            thousand yuan, unless otherwise stated.


     2.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (i)    Compliance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ( “ HKFRSs ” ) and Hong Kong
            Companies Ordinance (Cap.622) (“HKCO”)
            The consolidated financial statements of the Company has been prepared in accordance with
            HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and disclosure
            requirements of the HKCO.


     (ii)   Historical cost convention
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for
            investment properties, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and contingent consideration
            payables that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period.

            The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of
            certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the
            process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement
            or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
            statements are disclosed in Note 6.




76   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
2.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        (continued)

(iii)   Going concern assumptions
        As at 31 December 2022, the net current liabilities and net liabilities of the Group amounted to
        RMB3,321,357,000 and RMB1,512,765,000 respectively. The above matters indicated that the Group
        will need to secure a substantial amount of funds in the foreseeable future to finance these financial
        obligations under various contractual and other arrangements.

        In view of the above circumstances, the Company have reviewed the Group’s cash flow projections,
        which cover a period up to 30 June 2024. Taking into account the following actions during the year
        ended 31 December 2022 and plans and measures to be taken, the Group will have sufficient working
        capital to meet its financial obligations up to 30 June 2024.

        –     The Group is currently in discussion with China Evergrande Group regarding a proposal
              to repay the funds involved in the deposit certificate pledge guarantees of approximately
              RMB13,400,000,000 in total to the Group (the “Case”). The Case is a special case and certain
              measures in relation to the internal control system of the Group will be implemented. The Case
              will not have further significant impact on the Group’s future operating cash flows;

        –     The Group has reached agreements with certain creditors (including trade payables,
              consideration payable for business combinations and related parties), agreeing to extend the
              repayment terms from one to four years. The directors of the Company consider that further
              extensions may be obtained if necessary; and

        –     The directors of the Company are currently exercising and will continue to exercise cost control
              in administrative and other expenses by further streamlining the Group’s operations to improve
              the operating and financial position of the Group.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report   77
     2.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (continued)

     (iii)   Going concern assumptions (continued)
             On the basis that all these measures can be implemented successfully, the Company are of the
             opinion that the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations as they fall
             due and accordingly the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 has
             been prepared on a going concern basis.

             Notwithstanding the above, given the volatility of the property sector in the People’s Republic of China
             (the “PRC”) and the uncertainties to obtain support from the Group’s creditors, material uncertainties
             exist as to whether or not the Group will be able to achieve its plans and measures as described
             above.

             Should the Group be unable to operate as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to
             write down the carrying amounts of the assets to their net recoverable amounts, to provide for any
             further liabilities that may arise and to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current
             assets and current liabilities respectively. The effects of these adjustments have not been reflected in
             the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


     3.      APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO THE HKFRSs
             Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
             In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the
             HKICPA for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1
             January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

             Amendment to HKFRS 16                            Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions
                                                                 beyond 30 June 2021
             Amendments to HKFRS 3                            Reference to the Conceptual Framework
             Amendments to HKAS 16                            Property, plant and equipment:
                                                                 Proceeds before intended use
             Amendment to HKAS 37                             Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
             Annual Improvements to                           Amendment to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative
               HKFRSs 2018-2020                                  Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, HKAS 41

             The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year had no material impact on the
             Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures
             set out in these consolidated financial statements.



78   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO THE HKFRSs (continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been
     issued but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                                       Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
         HKAS 28 (2011)                                                   and its Associate or Joint Venture3
     HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and                         Insurance Contacts and related Amendments 1
         February 2022 amendments to HKFRS 17)
     Amendments to HKFRS 16                                           Lease liability in a Sales and Leaseback 2
     Amendments to HKAS 1                                             Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-
                                                                          current and the related amendments to Hong
                                                                          Kong Interpretation 5(2020) Presentation of
                                                                          Financial Statements – Classification by the
                                                                          Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a
                                                                          Repayment on Demand Clause2
     Amendments to HKAS 1                                             Non-current liabilities with Covenants 2
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and                                         Disclosure of Accounting Polices 1
         HKFRS Practice Statement 2
     Amendments to HKAS 8                                             Definition of Accounting Estimates 2
     Amendments to HKAS 12                                            Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                                          from a Single Transaction1

     1      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
     2      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024

     3      Effective for annual period beginning on or after a date to be determined


     The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or revised standards
     and amendments. According to the preliminary assessment made by the Group, no significant impact
     on the financial performance and position of the Group is expected when they become effective.




                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report   79
     4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     4.1   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
     4.1.1 Subsidiaries
           Subsidiaries are entities (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The Group
           controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
           with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries
           are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated
           from the date that control ceases.

           Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
           are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
           impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
           necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

           Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
           consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity and
           consolidated balance sheet respectively.


     4.1.2 Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
           The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
           transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
           between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
           interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
           interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity
           attributable to owners of the Group.




80   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
4.2   Business combination
      The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless
      of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the
      acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:

      •      fair values of the assets transferred

      •      liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business

      •      equity interests issued by the Group, if any

      •      fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

      •      fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

      Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
      are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
      recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis
      either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net
      identifiable assets.

      Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

      The excess of the:

      •      consideration transferred,

      •      amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

      •      acquisition date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

      over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts
      are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is
      recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.




                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report   81
     4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.2   Business combination (continued)
           Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
           discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s
           incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an
           independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration is classified
           either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently
           remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

           If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
           previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any
           gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.


     4.3   Separate financial statements
           In the Company’s statement of financial position, the investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at
           cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries
           are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

           Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
           investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
           dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
           exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
           including goodwill.


     4.4   Segment reporting
            Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
            chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”). The CODM who is responsible for allocating resources
            and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors
            that makes strategic decisions.




82   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
4.5   Foreign currency translation
(a)   Functional and presentation currency
      Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group ’ s entities are measured using
      the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
      currency ” ). Consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company ’ s
      functional currency and the Group’s presentation currency.


(b)   Transactions and balances
      Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
      at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
      such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
      currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.

      Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented as finance income/(costs).
      All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented as other gains/(losses) on a net basis.


(c)   Group entities
      The results and financial positions of the group entities (none of which has the currency of a
      hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
      translated into the presentation currency as follows:

      •      assets and liabilities of each balance sheet of the group entities are translated at the closing rate
             at the date of that balance sheet;

      •      income and expenses of each statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
             of the group entities are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable
             approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which
             case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and

      •      all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

      On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign
      operations are taken into equity holders’ equity. When a foreign operation is partially disposed of or
      sold, exchange differences that were recorded in equity are recognised in the income statement as
      part of the gain or loss on sale.




                                                                                               2022 Annual Report    83
     4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.6   Property and equipment
           Property and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and any impairment loss.
           Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

           Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
           appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
           to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are
           recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.

           Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values
           over their estimated useful lives or, in case of leasehold improvements, and certain leased properties,
           the shorter lease term, as follows:

           — Property                                               20 years
           — Machinery                                              3-10 years
           — Vehicles                                               3-10 years
           — Furniture, fitting and equipment                       3-10 years

           The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
           each reporting period.

           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
           carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount
           and are recognised within “other gains/(losses) – net” in the statement of comprehensive income.




84   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
4.7   Investment properties
      Property that is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not
      occupied by the Group, is classified as investment property. Properties and land use right that
      are currently being constructed or developed for future use as investment property is classified as
      investment property.

      Investment property is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs.

      After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Where fair value of investment
      property under construction is not reliably measurable, the property is measured at cost until the earlier
      of the date construction is completed or the date at which fair value becomes reliably measurable.
      Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature,
      location or condition of the specific asset. If this information is not available, the Group uses alternative
      valuation methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow projections.

      Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future
      economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be
      measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are recognised in profit or loss during the
      financial period in which they are incurred.

      Changes in fair values of investment property are recognised in profit or loss.

      If an investment property becomes owner-occupied or commences to be further developed for sale,
      it is reclassified as property, plant and equipment and land use right or properties under development,
      and its fair value at the date of change in use becomes its cost for accounting purposes.

      If an item of property, plant and equipment becomes an investment property because its use has
      changed, any difference resulting between the carrying amount and the fair value of this item at the
      date of transfer is recognised in equity as a revaluation of property, plant and equipment under HKAS
      16. However, if a fair value gain reverses a previous impairment loss, the gain is recognised in profit or
      loss to the extent the impairment provision previous made.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report    85
     4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.8   Intangible assets
     (a)   Goodwill
           Goodwill is measured as described in Note 4.2. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in
           intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently
           if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less
           accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying
           amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

           Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of impairment testing. The
           allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected
           to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are
           identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being
           the operating segments.


     (b)   Property management contracts and customer relationship
           Property management contracts and customer relationships acquired in business combinations are
           recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. The property management contracts and customer
           relationship have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation
           is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful lives of the respective contracts.
           The expected useful lives of customer relationships is 10 years.

     (c)   Computer software
           Acquired computer software programmes are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire
           and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives of 2
           to 3 years on a straight-line basis.




86   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
4.9   Impairment of non-financial assets
      Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and
      are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
      that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes
      in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
      recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
      recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use.

      For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are
      separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets
      or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
      impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.


4.10 Investments and other financial assets
4.10.1 Classification
      The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

      •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income,
             or through profit or loss), and

      •      those to be measured at amortised cost.

      The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
      contractual terms of the cash flows.

      For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other
      comprehensive income. For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model
      in which the investment is held. For investments in equity instruments, this will depend on whether
      the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
      investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.

      The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those
      assets changes.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   87
     4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)
     4.10.2 Recognition and derecognition
           Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
           the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
           receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
           transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.


     4.10.3 Measurement
           At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
           financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to
           the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through
           profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.


           Debt instruments
           Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing
           the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset.

           The Group only held debt instruments classified as financial assets at amortised costs.

           Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent
           solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. A gain or loss on a debt
           investment that is subsequently measured at amortised cost and is not part of a hedging relationship
           is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income when the asset is derecognised
           or impaired. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the
           effective interest rate method.




88   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
4.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)
4.10.4 Impairment
      The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with its
      debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether
      there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

      Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (i.e. the present value of all
      cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial assets.

      For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
      requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the assets. The provision
      matrix is determined based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the trade
      receivables with similar credit risk characteristics and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates. At
      every reporting date the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-
      looking estimates are analysed.

      Impairment of other receivables are measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime
      expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk
      since initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial
      recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.


4.11 Offsetting financial instruments
      Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated balance
      sheets when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an
      intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. The
      legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the
      normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the
      counterparty.




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report    89
     4.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.12 Interest income
          Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method.


     4.13 Trade receivables
          Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the
          ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less
          (or in the normal operating cycle of business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they
          are presented as non-current assets.

          Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
          they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
          holds trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore
          measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


     4.14 Cash and cash equivalents
          For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include
          cash on hand and at banks.


     4.15 Share capital
          Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new
          shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


     4.16 Trade and other payables
          Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods or services that have been acquired in
          the ordinary course of business from suppliers and amounts to be repaid from the Group to its
          counterparties. These amounts are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within 12 months or
          less. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

          Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
          cost using the effective interest method.




90   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
4.17 Borrowings
      Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
      subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
      costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings
      using the effective interest method. Fees paid to the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as
      transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that part or all of the facility will be drawn
      down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs.

      To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down,
      the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility
      to which it relates.

      Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is
      discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability
      that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any
      non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

      Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
      settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.


4.18 Borrowing costs
      All borrowing costs are recognised in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income in the
      period in which they incurred.


4.19 Current and deferred income tax
      The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised as “income tax
      expense” in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates
      to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also
      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

(a)   Current income tax
      The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
      enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries operate and
      generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
      respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes
      provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.



                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report    91
     4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.19 Current and deferred income tax (continued)
     (b)   Deferred income tax
           Inside basis differences
           Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
           between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
           statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition
           of goodwill. The deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset
           or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
           neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.

           Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
           enacted by the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax
           asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

           Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable
           profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.


           Outside basis differences
           Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments
           in subsidiaries, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary
           difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in
           the foreseeable future.

           Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from
           investments in subsidiaries only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference will reverse in
           the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference can be
           utilised.


     (c)   Offsetting
           Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
           current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities
           relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different
           taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.




92   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
4.20 Employee benefits
(a)   Pension obligations
      The Group only operates defined contribution pension plans. In accordance with the rules and
      regulations in the PRC, the PRC based employees of the Group participate in various defined
      contribution retirement benefit plans organised by the relevant municipal and provincial governments
      in the PRC under which the Group and the PRC based employees are required to make monthly
      contributions to these plans calculated as a percentage of the employees’ salaries. The municipal
      and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of all existing
      and future retired PRC based employees’ payable under the plans described above. Other than the
      monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of retirement and other
      post-retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are held separately from those of
      the Group in independently administrated funds managed by the governments.

      The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement scheme are expensed as incurred.


(b)   Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances
      Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government-supervised
      housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a
      monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject
      to certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable
      in each year. Contributions to the housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances are
      expensed as incurred.


(c)   Termination benefits
      Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
      retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
      benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) when
      the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity recognises
      costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the payment of termination
      benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are
      measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more
      than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to their present value.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report    93
     4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.20 Employee benefits (continued)
     (d)   Short-term obligations
           Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave that
           are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees
           render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the
           reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
           The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in the statement of financial
           position.


     4.21 Provisions
           Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognised when the
           Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an
           outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated.
           Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

           Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
           settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
           even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of
           obligations may be small.

           Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure
           required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used
           to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
           value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage
           of time is recognised as interest expense.




94   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
4.22 Revenue recognition
     The Group provides property management services, value-added services to non-property owners
     and community value-added services. Revenue is recognised when the control of services or goods
     is transferred to the customer. Depending on the terms of the contracts and the laws that apply to the
     contract, control of services and goods may be transferred over time or at a point in time. The Group
     distinguishes whether the Group is a principal or an agent in the transactions with its customers. When
     the Group is acting as a principal, the associated revenue is recognised in gross amount and when the
     Group is acting as an agent, the associated revenue is recognised in net amount.

     For property management services, the Group bills a fixed amount for services provided on a monthly
     basis and recognises as revenue in the amount to which the Group has a right to bill and that
     corresponds directly with the value of performance completed. The Group primarily generate revenue
     from property management services income from properties managed under lump sum basis, the
     Group entitles to revenue at the value of property management services fee received or receivable.

     Value-added services to non-property owners mainly include (i) preliminary property management
     services, which include cleaning, greening and repair and maintenance services and are billed on
     monthly basis and are recognised as revenue over time when such services are rendered; (ii) property
     inspection and pre-delivery cleaning services to property developers which are recognised as revenue
     when such services are rendered and accepted by the customer; and (iii) sales of the use rights of
     carpark spaces and rental of properties owned by property developers, which are recognised at a
     point in time when the underlying sales and rental contract are signed, respectively.

     Community value-added services revenue mainly include (i) promotion and facilitation for third parties,
     which is recognised over time according to the services rendered; (ii) income from the provision of
     assistance in sales of products to third parties, which is recognised on a net basis when the products
     are transferred; (iii) rental income from carpark spaces leased from the Remaining Group; (iv) income
     from management of advertising and other miscellaneous activities in the public areas in the properties
     managed by the Group, which is recognised over the time when the services are rendered; (v) revenue
     from services provided to the property owners during leasing of their properties; and (vi) revenue from
     other community convenience services charged for each service provided and recognised when the
     relevant services are rendered.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report   95
     4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.22 Revenue recognition (continued)
           If a contract contains multiple services, the transaction price is allocated to each performance
           obligation based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling prices are not
           directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or adjusted market
           assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.

           When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the balance
           sheet as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the Group’s
           performance and the customer’s payment.

           A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has
           transferred to a customer.

           If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
           unconditional, before the Group transfers services to the customer, the Group presents the contract
           as a contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A
           contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has
           received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

           A receivable is recorded when the Group has an unconditional right to consideration. A right
           to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
           consideration is due.

           Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contact, if recoverable, are capitalised and presented as assets
           and subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.

           When the difference between the transfer of the promised goods or services to customer and the
           payment by the customer is considered significant and implied financing components contained in
           certain contracts, the Group adjust the transaction price for the time value of money.

     4.23 Earnings per share
           (a)   Basic earnings per share

                 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                 •       the profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity
                        other than ordinary shares

                 •       by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                        adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding
                        treasury shares.
96   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.23 Earnings per share (continued)
      (b)    Diluted earnings per share

             Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per
             share to take into account:

             •      the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                    potential ordinary shares, and

             •      the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been
                    outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


4.24 Leases
      A lease is recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the
      leased asset is available for use by the Group.

      Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration
      in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices.

      Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
      include the net present value of the following lease payments:

      •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

      •      variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate

      •      amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees

      •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option,
             and

      •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising
             that option.

      Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
      measurement of the liability.

      The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be
      determined, or the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.

      Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit
      or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
      balance of the liability for each period.

                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report    97
     4.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     4.24 Leases (continued)
           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

           •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability,

           •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                 received,

           •     any initial direct costs, and

           •     restoration costs.

           Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease
           term on a straight-line basis.

           Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a
           straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12
           months or less. Low-value assets comprise small items of office equipment.

           Rental income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised on a straight-line
           basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to the
           carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same
           basis as rental income. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet based on their
           nature.


     4.25 Dividend distribution
           Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no
           longer at the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at
           the end of the reporting period.


     4.26 Government grants
           Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
           that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

           Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated statement of
           comprehensive income over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended
           to compensate.




98   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
5.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
5.1     Financial risk factors
5.1.1   Market risk
(i)     Foreign exchange risk
        The Group’s normal operating activities are principally conducted in RMB since most of the operating
        entities are based in the PRC. The foreign exchange risk mainly arises from monetary assets of certain
        subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies other than their functional currencies. The Group’s
        foreign currency denominated monetary assets at the consolidated statement of financial position as
        at the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021are as follows:

                                                                                      2022                 2021
        Monetary assets                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

        – HK$                                                                       39,235               57,277
        – US$                                                                              13             1,980

                                                                                    39,248               59,257


        As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% against the relevant
        foreign currencies with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit for the year ended 31
        December 2022 and 2021 would have been approximately RMB1,962,000 and RMB2,963,000 lower/
        higher, respectively.


(ii)    Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
        The Group is exposed to interest rate risk for certain interest-bearing cash at banks. Cash at banks
        at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings obtained at fixed rates
        expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

        As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, if the interest rate on cash at banks and restricted cash
        increased/decreased by 0.5% with all other variables held constant, the Group’s post-tax profits for
        the year would have been RMB8,260,000 higher/lower and RMB5,824,000 higher/lower, as a result of
        the increase/decrease in interests derived from cash at banks at variable rates.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report   99
      5.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      5.1     Financial risk factors (continued)
      5.1.2   Credit risk
              The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade and notes receivables, other receivables and
              cash deposits at banks. The carrying amounts of trade and notes receivables, other receivables and
              cash deposits at banks represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial
              assets.


      (i)     Risk management
              For trade and other receivables, the management of the Group has monitoring procedures to
              ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the
              recoverability of these receivables at the end of each reporting period to ensure that adequate
              impairment losses are made for doubtful debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider
              that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


      (ii)    Impairment
              The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
              has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
              To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a
              default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
              recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially
              the following indicators are incorporated:

              •      internal credit rating

              •      external credit rating

              •      actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                     that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability to meet its obligations

              •      actual or expected significant changes in the financial situation of individual property owner or
                     the debtor

              •      significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the debtor, including
                     changes in the payment status of debtor and individual property owner




100   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
5.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.1     Financial risk factors (continued)
5.1.2   Credit risk (continued)
(ii)    Impairment (continued)
        Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor
        failing to engage in a repayment plan with the company.

        A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss model is as follows:

                                                                            Basis for recognition of expected
        Category                      Group definition of category          credit loss provision

        Performing                    Customers have a low risk             12 months expected losses,
                                         of default and a strong capacity     where the expected lifetime
                                         to meet contractual cash flows       of an asset is less than
                                                                              12 months, expected losses
                                                                              are measured at its
                                                                              expected lifetime

        Underperforming               Receivables for which there is        Lifetime expected losses
                                         a significant increase
                                         in credit risk; as significant
                                         increase in credit risk
                                         is presumed if interest
                                         and principal repayments
                                         are 180 days past due

        Non-performing                Interest and principal                Lifetime expected losses
                                         repayments are
                                         365 days past due


        The Group accounts for its credit risk by appropriately providing for expected credit losses on a timely
        basis. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each
        category of receivables and adjusts for forward looking macroeconomic data.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report   101
      5.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      5.1     Financial risk factors (continued)
      5.1.2   Credit risk (continued)
      (ii)    Impairment (continued)
              Cash deposits at banks
              The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash deposits at banks since
              they are substantially deposited at banks with high credit rating. Management does not expect that
              there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.

              Trade and notes receivables
              The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS
              9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for trade and notes receivables. To
              measure the expected credit losses, trade and notes receivables have been grouped based on shared
              credit risk characteristics. The expected credit losses also incorporate forward looking information on
              macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has
              identifies money supply and change in total population in the PRC to prior year as the most relevant
              factors for forward looking adjustments for individual customers, and identified total population in the
              PRC and the percentage of broad money supply of gross domestic production as the most relevant
              factors for forward looking adjustments for both related and third party corporates customers, and
              accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors

              As of 31 December 2022 and 2021, the loss allowance provision for the trade receivables from
              property owners was determined as follows. The expected credit losses below also incorporated
              forward looking information.

                                      Less than     1 to 2     2 to 3      3 to 4      4 to 5      Over 5
                                         1 year      years     years       years       years        years       Total

              Trade receivables
                from individual
                property owners
              At 31 December 2022
              Expected loss rate           4%        16%        42%        100%        100%        100%
              Gross carrying amount
                (RMB’000)             1,933,929    550,981   229,058      31,359      16,515       18,872   2,780,714
              Loss allowance
                provision (RMB’000)     77,357      88,157    96,204      31,359      16,515       18,872    328,464


102   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
5.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.1     Financial risk factors (continued)
5.1.2   Credit risk (continued)
(ii)    Impairment (continued)
        Trade and notes receivable (continued)

                                Less than      1 to 2      2 to 3    3 to 4    4 to 5    Over 5
                                   1 year      years       years     years     years      years       Total

        Trade receivables
          from individual
          property owners
        At 31 December 2021
        Expected loss rate            4%        16%         42%     100%      100%        100%
        Gross carrying amount
          (RMB’000)             1,373,880    201,994      70,839    33,329    16,898     15,389   1,712,329
        Loss allowance
          provision (RMB’000)     54,955      32,319      29,752    33,329    16,898     15,389     182,642


        As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group used external data method to assess the ECL of
        receivables from related parties which are mainly property developers. The ECL rate was 99% (2021:
        98%) for the trade and notes receivables from related parties. The loss allowance provision as at 31
        December 2022 was RMB2,455,691,000 (2021: RMB2,440,150,000).

        As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group used external data method to assess the ECL of
        receivables from the third party corporate customers with gross carrying amount of RMB304,240,000
        (2021: RMB492,078,000), considering it provided more valid information to its financial information
        users. The ECL rate for trade and notes receivables from such third party corporate customers was
        8.5% (2021: 17%). The loss allowance provision as at 31 December was RMB25,869,000 (2021:
        RMB83,040,000).


        Other receivables
        The Group uses the expected credit loss model above to determine the expected loss provision for
        other receivables. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group has assessed the expected credit
        losses for other receivables for each category.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report   103
      5.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      5.1     Financial risk factors (continued)
      5.1.2   Credit risk (continued)
      (ii)    Impairment (continued)
              Other receivables (continued)
              To measure the expected credit losses, other receivables have been grouped based on shared credit
              risk characteristics and the days past due.


              As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the loss allowance provision for trade and other receivables
              reconciles to the opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                        Trade and                            Other
                                                    notes receivables                   receivables       Total
                                              12-month ECL       Lifetime ECL       Lifetime ECL
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000     RMB’000

              At 1 January 2021                      22,223             91,595              21,733     135,551
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                   –           67,057                   –      67,057
              Impairment losses on
                financial assets                     32,732          2,492,225              50,990    2,575,947

              At 31 December 2021                    54,955          2,650,877              72,723    2,778,555
              Impairment losses on
                financial assets                     22,402             81,790               4,640     108,832

              At 31 December 2022                    77,357          2,732,667              77,363    2,887,387




104   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
5.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.1     Financial risk factors (continued)
5.1.3   Liquidity risk
        To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
        deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
        fluctuations in cash flows.

        The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on the
        remaining period at the end of each reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
        disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                            Between      Between
                                                Less than    1 and 2       2 and 5         Over
                                                   1 year      years           years    5 years         Total
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

        At 31 December 2022
        Borrowings                               193,492      72,801               –           –     266,293
        Lease liabilities                        151,751      71,906          46,997     14,307      284,961
        Trade and other payables
          (excluding accrued payroll
          liabilities and other tax payables)   4,135,756           –              –           –   4,135,756

                                                4,480,999    144,707          46,997     14,307    4,687,010


                                                            Between      Between
                                                Less than    1 and 2       2 and 5         Over
                                                   1 year      years           years    5 years         Total
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

        At 31 December 2021
        Borrowings                               160,091     113,742          58,231           –     332,064
        Lease liabilities                        106,940     124,099          81,141     24,693      336,873
        Trade and other payables
          (excluding accrued payroll
          liabilities and other tax payables)   4,547,159     54,018               –           –   4,601,177

                                                4,814,190    291,859      139,372        24,693    5,270,114



                                                                                             2022 Annual Report   105
      5.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      5.1     Financial risk factors (continued)
      5.1.4   Fair value measurement of financial instruments
      (a)     Fair value hierarchy
              The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by level of the inputs
              to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as follows:

              •       Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

              •       Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                      liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

              •       Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                      unobservable inputs) (level 3).

                                                          Level 1               Level 2              Level 3                    Total
                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000

              At 31 December 2022

              Financial Assets
              Financial assets at fair
                value through profit
                or loss (“FVTPL”)                                 –                    –               3,180                    3,180

              Financial Liabilities
              Contingent
                consideration payables                            –                    –              51,208               51,208

              At 31 December 2021

              Financial Assets
              Financial assets at FVTPL                           –                    –               5,489                    5,489

              Financial Liabilities
              Contingent
                  consideration payables                          –                    –              58,310               58,310




106   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
5.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.1     Financial risk factors (continued)
5.1.4   Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
(b)     The following table presents the changes in level 3 financial instruments for the year ended 31
        December 2022 and 2021:

                                                                  Financial Assets

                                                                  Wealth          Unlisted
                                                           management                 entity
                                                                products       investment                  Total
                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000

        At 1 January 2021
        Additions                                              2,554,226                   –         2,554,226
        Acquisition of subsidiaries                              162,148             19,320            181,468
        Gains/(loss) recognised in profit or loss                      46               (820)               (774)
        Disposal                                               (2,714,111)           (15,320)        (2,729,431)

        At 31 December 2021                                         2,309             3,180               5,489

        Loss recognised in profit or loss                          (2,309)                 –             (2,309)

        At 31 December 2022                                              –            3,180               3,180


5.2     Capital management
        The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
        going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to
        maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid
        to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report   107
      6.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
            The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition,
            will seldom equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the
            Group’s accounting policies.

            Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on the historical experience and
            other factors, including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity
            and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstance.


      (a)   Expected credit losses on receivables
            The Group makes allowances on receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and
            expected loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs
            to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as
            forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.

            Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying
            amount of trade and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in the periods in which such
            estimate has been changed. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in Note 21.


      (b)   Current and deferred income tax
            The Group is subject to corporate income taxes in the PRC. Judgement is required in determining the
            amount of the provision for taxation and the timing of payment of the related taxations. There are many
            transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary
            course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
            were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the
            period in which such determination is made.

            Regarding the separate uncertain tax treatment for the enforcement of financial guarantees to the
            ultimate holding company, the Group considers the certain factors in determining the approach that
            better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty. The Group may reassess the judgement or estimates
            if the facts and circumstances on which the judgement or estimate was based change or as a result of
            new information that affects the judgement or estimate.

            Deferred tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised when
            management considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the
            temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual utilisation may be
            different.



108   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
6.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)
(c)   Estimation of goodwill and property management contracts and customer relationships
      impairment
      Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
      indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Determining whether goodwill is impaired
      requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of cash-generated units to which goodwill has been
      allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The calculation
      requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from cash-generated units and
      a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are
      less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future
      cash, a material impairment loss/further impairment loss may arise.

      The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for property management
      contracts and customer relationships in accordance with the accounting policies as disclosed in note
      4.9 to the consolidated financial statements. In determining whether an asset is impaired or the event
      previously causing the impairment no longer exists, the management has to assess whether an event
      has occurred that may affect the asset value or such event affecting the asset value has not been in
      existence. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amounts of the asset would be determined as
      the greater of the fair value less costs of disposal and value in use, the calculations of which involve the
      use of estimates. Owing to inherent risk associated with estimations in the timing and amounts of the
      future cash flows and fair value less costs of disposal, the estimated recoverable amount of the asset
      may be different from the amount actually received and profit or loss could be affected by accuracy of
      the estimations.


(d)   Estimation of the useful life of customer relationships identified in business combination
      Customer relationship identified in the business combination on respective acquisition date is
      recognised as intangible assets. Customer relationship primarily related to the existing contracts
      of acquirees on the acquisition date. A large portion of the existing contracts of acquirees are with
      no specific expiration date. Based on past experience, termination or non-renewal of property
      management contracts with the property developers or property owners’ association are uncommon.
      The Group thus estimates the useful life and determines the amortisation period of the customer
      relationship to be ten years based on the expected contract duration of the property management
      contracts.




                                                                                               2022 Annual Report    109
      7.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
           Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the CODM.
           The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
           segment, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company.

           During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group is principally engaged in the
           provision of property management services and related value-added services in the PRC. Management
           reviews the operating results of the business as a single operating segment as the nature of services,
           the type of customers for services, the method used to provide their services and the nature of
           regulatory environment is same in different regions.

           The principal operating entities of the Group are domiciled in the PRC and majority of revenue is
           derived in the PRC during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

           As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, majority of the non-current assets of the Group were located in
           the PRC.


      8.   REVENUE
           Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from property management services and related value-added
           services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the years ended 31 December 2022 and
           2021 is as follows:

                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

           Property management services                                           9,440,560          9,101,820
           Community value-added services                                         2,280,523          2,288,944
           Value-added services to non-property owners                                 88,093        1,802,700

                                                                                 11,809,176         13,193,464

           Timing of revenue recognition
           – Over time                                                           11,255,221         12,467,184
           – At a point in time                                                       553,955          726,280

                                                                                 11,809,176         13,193,464

           For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, revenue provided by the Group to the fellow
           subsidiaries and joint ventures of China Evergrande Group contributed 1% and 21% of the Group’s
           revenue, respectively.

           Other than the fellow subsidiaries of the Company and the joint ventures of China Evergrande Group,
           the Group has a large number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s
           revenue during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

110   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
8.     REVENUE (continued)
(a)    Contract liabilities
i.     The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                At 31 December                 At 1 January

                                                                  2022              2021               2021
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

       Contract liabilities
       – Property management services                        2,654,505         2,891,673          2,631,016
       – Community value-added services                         33,524           188,476             94,743

                                                             2,688,029         3,080,149          2,725,759


ii.    Significant changes in contract liabilities
       Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while
       the underlying services are yet to be provided. The decrease in contract liabilities in current year is
       mainly due to the decrease in prepayments for property service fees from customers as a result of the
       decrease in newly delivered areas during the year as compared with 2021.


iii.   Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
       The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates
       to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

       Revenue recognised that was included in the balance of
         contract liabilities at the beginning of the year
       – Property management services                                          2,397,850          2,374,190
       – Community value-added services                                          188,476             94,743

                                                                               2,586,326          2,468,933




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   111
      8.    REVENUE (continued)
      (b)   Unsatisfied performance obligations
            For property management services and value-added services to non-property owners, the Group
            recognises revenue in the amount that equals to the right to invoice which corresponds directly with
            the value to the customer of the Group’s performance to date, on a monthly basis or settlement
            cycle. The Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance
            obligations for these type of contracts. The majority of the property management services contracts
            do not have a fixed term. The term of the contracts with non-property owners is generally set to expire
            when the counterparties notify the Group that the services are no longer required.

            For community value-added services, they are rendered in short period of time, which is generally
            less than a year, and the Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining
            performance obligations for these type of contracts.


      (c)   Assets recognised from incremental costs to obtain a contract
            During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there was no significant incremental costs to
            obtain a contract.


      9.    OTHER INCOME
                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

            Government grants (Note a)                                                119,653             91,890
            Income from overdue fine                                                     4,258             7,002
            Interest income                                                              9,082           208,710
            Share of profits and other comprehensive income in
              associates and joint ventures (Note 20)                                    2,892             4,307
            Gain on bargaining purchase (Note 33)                                            –               460
            Others                                                                     20,878             13,749

                                                                                      156,763            326,118


            (a)   Government grants mainly consisted of additional input value-added tax deduction, tax refund
                  for employment of retired soldiers and refund of paid unemployment insurance. There were no
                  unfulfilled conditions or contingencies attached to the grants.




112   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
10. OTHER LOSSES
                                                    2022                2021
                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

   Net foreign exchange (gains)/losses             (2,328)             1,959
   Impairment loss on goodwill                          –           593,946
   Impairment loss on other intangible assets      6,119                    –
   Gain on disposal of property and equipment           –                 (74)

                                                   3,791            595,831


11. EXPENSES BY NATURE
                                                    2022                2021
                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

   Employee benefit expenses (Note 12)          5,329,374         5,767,308
   Greening and cleaning expenses               1,758,697         1,825,662
   Maintenance costs                             777,346            821,284
   Utilities                                     522,792            527,194
   Short-term and low value lease expenses       172,306            310,452
   Tax and other levies                           71,417            102,419
   Office expenses                               128,780            129,383
   Travelling and entertainment expenses          43,578              64,411
   Costs of security                              66,268              64,993
   Depreciation and amortisation charges         355,073            386,151
   Community activities expenses                  38,558              51,886
   Bank charges                                   22,609              25,983
   Uniform costs                                  13,356              12,027
   Auditors’ remuneration                          4,500               7,500
   Services fee                                  224,115            245,293
   Professional fees                              39,144              18,619
   Penalties                                      41,724              40,523
   Cost of goods sold                            199,880              64,235
   Others                                         57,934              44,261

                                                9,867,451        10,509,584




                                                             2022 Annual Report   113
      12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

            Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                      4,870,730        5,232,896
            Contribution to pension scheme expenses (Note a)                           458,644          534,412

                                                                                      5,329,374        5,767,308


      (a)   Employees in the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution
            retirement scheme administrated and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC
            subsidiaries contribute funds which are calculated on certain percentage of the prior year employee
            salary as agreed by local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the
            employees.


      (b)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
            The remuneration of each director for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out below:

                                                           Salaries                    Contribution
                                                          and other   Discretionary     to pension
                                               Fees        benefits         bonus          scheme          Total
                                          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000

            Executive directors
            Mr. Zhen Litao (vi)                    101         560             134                19        814
            Mr. Zhao Changlong (vi)                101         560             100                25        786
            Mr. Hu Liang                           180         960             279                42       1,461
            Ms. An Lihong (vi)                     101         405               –                 –        506
            Mr. Wang Zhen                          180           –               –                 –        180
            Ms. Yu Fen (v)                           –         840              41                42        923
            Mr. Duan Shengli (v)                     –           –               –                 –           –
            Mr. Lu Peimei (v)                        –           –               –                 –           –

            Non-executive directors
            Mr. Chan Chun Hung (i)                  44           –               –                 –         44
            Mr. Guo Zhaohui                        412           –               –                 –        412
            Mr. Peng Liaoyuan (ii)                 368           –               –                 –        368
            Ms. Wen Yanhong (iv)                   412           –               –                 –        412

114   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
(b)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
      The remuneration of each director for the year ended 31 December 2021 is set out below:

                                                                       Salaries                            Contribution
                                                                    and other        Discretionary           to pension
                                                      Fees            benefits               bonus              scheme                   Total
                                                RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000

      Executive directors
      Mr. Zhen Litao                                    90               2,300                     3                  17                 2,410
      Mr. Zhao Changlong                               180               3,350                  809                   37                 4,376
      Mr. Hu Liang                                     180               1,916                  230                   39                 2,365
      Ms. An Lihong                                    180               1,328                  114                   30                 1,652
      Mr. Wang Zhen                                    180                 868                    15                  17                 1,080

      Non-executive directors
      Mr. Chan Chun Hung (i)                           330                     –                   –                    –                 330
      Mr. Guo Zhaohui                                  330                     –                   –                    –                 330
      Mr. Victor Huang (iii)                           282                     –                   –                    –                 282
      Ms. Wen Yanhong (iv)                              49                     –                   –                    –                  49

      (i)     Mr. Chan Chun Hung resigned as a non-executive director of the Company on 9 February 2022.


      (ii)    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company on 9 February 2022.


      (iii)   Mr. Victor Huang resigned as a non-executive director of the Company on 19 November 2021.


      (iv)    Ms. Wen Yanhong was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company on 19 November 2021.


      (v)     Ms.Yu Fen, Mr. Duan Shengli and Mr. Lu Peimei were appointed as executive directors of the Company on 22 July 2022.


      (vi)    Mr. Zhen Litao, Mr. Zhao Changlong and Ms. An Lihong resigned as the executive directors of the Company on 22 July 2022.




                                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report       115
      12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
      (c)   Five highest paid individuals
            The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended 31 December
            2022 included one (2021:four) director, whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented
            above. The emoluments payable to the remaining individual is as follows:

                                                                                        2022               2021
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

            Salaries and other emoluments                                                3,560             1,488
            Discretionary bonus                                                          1,248               127
            Pension fund contribution                                                      146                 89

                                                                                         4,954             1,704

            The emoluments of the remaining individual of the Group fell within the following bands:

                                                                                         2022                2021
                                                                                   Number of           Number of
                                                                                   individuals         individuals

            Emolument bands
            HK$1,000,000 to HK$1,500,000                                                       4                –
            HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                       –                1

      (d)   Directors’ retirement and termination benefits
            No retirement benefits were paid to or receivable by any directors in respect of their other services
            in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries’ undertaking
            during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. No payment was made to the directors as
            compensation for early termination of appointment during the years ended 31 December 2022 and
            2021.

      (e)   Consideration provided to their parties for making available directors’ services
            No payment was made to any former employers of the directors and former directors for making
            available the services of them as a director of the Company during the years ended 31 December
            2022 and 2021.

      (f)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies
            corporate by and connected entities with such directors
            There were no other loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of the directors, controlled bodies
            corporate by and connected entities with such directors during the years ended 31 December 2022
            and 2021.

116   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
(g)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
      No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which
      the Group was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly
      or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the years ended 31 December 2022
      and 2021.


13. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                                 2022                     2021
                                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000

      Interest on borrowings                                                                                  14,450                    13,207
      Interest on lease liabilities                                                                             7,124                   17,574
      Interest on consideration payables                                                                        9,521                   17,455
      Other finance costs (Note a)                                                                            25,107                    13,267

                                                                                                              56,202                    61,503

      Note a: Other finance costs represented the finance expenses contained in the one-off discount offered by the Group to the individual property

               owners for their advanced payments of property management fees.



14. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                                                 2022                     2021
                                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000

      Current tax                                                                                           428,098                   256,371
      Deferred tax                                                                                            30,325                   (86,491)

                                                                                                            458,423                   169,880


      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
      under the Companies Law of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands
      income tax. The Company’s subsidiaries in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) were incorporated under
      the International Business Companies Act of the BVI and accordingly, are exempted from British Virgin
      Island income tax.

      Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for
      the current period in respect of operations in Hong Kong.



                                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report          117
      14. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
           Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in the PRC has been calculated at the
           applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the years, based on the existing legislation,
           interpretations and practices in respect thereof. The statutory tax rate is 25% for the years ended 31
           December 2022 and 2021. Certain subsidiaries and branches of the Group in the PRC are located in
           western cities, and they are subject to a preferential income tax rate of 15% during the years ended
           31 December 2022 and 2021. The subsidiaries and branches of the Group located in Hainan Province
           are qualified to enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15% since 1 January 2020.

           The tax on the Group’s profit/(loss) before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise
           using the weighted average tax rate applicable to profits of the group entities as follows:

                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

           Profit/(loss) before income tax                                           1,936,997             (218,904)

           Tax calculated at applicable corporate income tax rate of 25%               484,249              (54,726)
           Tax effect of income not subject to tax                                      (31,734)            (24,515)
           Tax effect of expenses of not deductible for taxation purposes                26,958            200,336
           Tax effect of tax loss not recognised                                               –            64,930
           Tax effect of different tax rates applicable to certain subsidiaries         (21,050)            (16,145)

                                                                                       458,423             169,880


      15. EARNING/(LOSS) PER SHARE
           Basic earning/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the
           Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares during the years ended 31 December
           2022 and 2021.

           The Company did not have any potential ordinary shares outstanding during the year ended 31
           December 2022 and 2021. Diluted earning/(loss) per share is equal to basic earning/(loss) per share.

                                                                                           2022               2021

           Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)             1,422,679             (316,294)
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
             (in thousands)                                                         10,810,811           10,810,811

           Basic and diluted earning/(loss) per share                                 RMB0.13             RMB(0.03)



118   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
16. DIVIDENDS
   No dividend has been declared or paid by the Company for the years ended 31 December 2022 and
   2021.


17. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                         Furniture,
                                                                         fitting and
                                   Property     Machinery    Vehicles    equipment          Total
                                   RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

   As at 1 January 2022
   Cost                                3,605       45,048      36,810      127,222      212,685
   Accumulated depreciation             (249)     (31,782)    (17,894)      (92,088)    (142,013)

   Opening net carrying amount         3,356       13,266      18,916       35,134        70,672
   Additions                            786         6,102      10,359       15,590        32,837
   Disposals                               –       (3,371)     (6,387)       (9,369)     (19,127)
   Depreciation charge                  (601)      (4,403)     (8,629)      (13,069)     (26,702)

   Closing net carrying
     amount                            3,541       11,594      14,259       28,286        57,680

   As at 31 December 2022
   Cost                                4,391       51,150      47,169      142,812      245,522
   Accumulated depreciation             (850)     (39,556)    (32,910)    (114,526)     (187,842)

   Net carrying amount                 3,541       11,594      14,259       28,286        57,680




                                                                                 2022 Annual Report   119
      17. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
                                                                                      Furniture,
                                                                                      fitting and
                                               Property     Machinery    Vehicles    equipment         Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2021
           Cost                                  2,646        39,404      21,408       106,987      170,445
           Accumulated depreciation                (114)      (29,180)    (11,552)      (75,499)    (116,345)

           Opening net carrying amount           2,532        10,224       9,856         31,488      54,100
           Additions                               960         3,274       3,011         10,234      17,479
           Acquisition of subsidiaries
             (Note 33)                                –        2,379      12,425         12,771      27,575
           Disposals                                 (1)           (9)        (34)       (2,771)      (2,815)
           Depreciation charge                     (135)       (2,602)     (6,342)      (16,588)     (25,667)

           Closing net carrying amount           3,356        13,266      18,916         35,134      70,672

           As at 31 December 2021
           Cost                                  3,605        45,048      36,810       127,222      212,685
           Accumulated depreciation                (249)      (31,782)    (17,894)      (92,088)    (142,013)

           Net carrying amount                   3,356        13,266      18,916         35,134      70,672


           Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of
           profit or loss and other comprehensive income:

                                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

           Cost of sales                                                             17,792          16,990
           Administrative expenses                                                    8,910           8,677

                                                                                     26,702          25,667


           No property and equipment is restricted or pledged as security as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.




120   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                 Property
                                            management
                                            contracts and
                               Computer         customer
                                software      relationship   Goodwill                Total
                               RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000

    As at 1 January 2022
    Cost                         20,365         1,195,199    1,755,428         2,970,992
    Accumulated amortisaton
      and impairment losses       (6,347)        (165,422)    (593,946)          (765,715)

    Net carrying amount          14,018         1,029,777    1,161,482         2,205,277

    Year ended
      31 December 2022
    Opening net
      carrying amount            14,018         1,029,777    1,161,482         2,205,277
    Additions                     1,359                 –            –              1,359
    Measurement period
      adjustment                       –                –      (17,210)           (17,210)
    Amortisation                  (4,754)        (191,582)           –           (196,336)
    Impairment                         –           (6,119)           –             (6,119)

    Closing net carrying
      amount                     10,623          832,076     1,144,272         1,986,971

    As at 31 December 2022
    Cost                         21,724         1,195,199    1,738,218         2,955,141
    Accumulated amortisation
      and impairment losses      (11,101)        (363,123)    (593,946)          (968,170)

    Net carrying amount          10,623          832,076     1,144,272         1,986,971




                                                                          2022 Annual Report   121
      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
                                                           Property
                                                       management
                                                       contracts and
                                         Computer          customer
                                          software       relationship    Goodwill        Total
                                         RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2021
           Cost                            14,309            61,823       56,619      132,751
           Accumulated amortisation         (1,795)           (2,273)           –       (4,068)

           Net carrying amount             12,514            59,550       56,619      128,683

           Year ended
             31 December 2021
           Opening net carrying value      12,514            59,550       56,619      128,683
           Acquisition of
             subsidiaries (Note 33)          3,345        1,133,376     1,698,809    2,835,530
           Additions                         2,711                 –            –       2,711
           Amortisation                     (4,552)        (163,149)            –     (167,701)
           Impairment                              –               –     (593,946)    (593,946)

           Closing net carrying
             amount                        14,018         1,029,777     1,161,482    2,205,277

           As at 31 December 2021
           Cost                            20,365         1,195,199     1,755,428    2,970,992
           Accumulated amortisation
             and impairment losses          (6,347)        (165,422)     (593,946)    (765,715)

           Net book amount                 14,018         1,029,777     1,161,482    2,205,277




122   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
    Notes:

    (a)      Amortisation of intangible assets has been charged to the following categories in the
             consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income:

                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

             Cost of sales                                                       191,582            163,149
             Administrative expenses                                                4,754             4,552

                                                                                 196,336            167,701

    (b)      No intangible asset is restricted or pledged as security as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

    (c)      Property management contracts and customer relationship and goodwill

             During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired seven property management
             companies at a total consideration of RMB2,167,981,000 (Note 33). Identifiable property
             management contract and customer relationship of RMB1,133,376,000 is recognised as
             intangible assets. The excess of the consideration of acquisition over proportion of the value of
             the acquired identifiable net assets of RMB1,698,809,000 is recorded as goodwill.

             As the result of management assessment, impairment provision of RMB6,119,000 (2021: nil)
             was recognised on property management contracts and customer relationship for the year
             ended 31 December 2022 and no impairment provision was recognised on goodwill for the
             year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB593,946,000).

             The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined by value-in-use calculations using
             cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by senior
             management. The management considered the calculation based on the current condition.
             The financial budgets are prepared based on a five-year business plan considering the past
             performance, achievement of the medium or long-term growth target. The financial budgets
             have also taken into consideration the developments of property management business in PRC,
             including changes in the customer mix as well as the resulting changes to expected costs and
             margins. It has also taken into consideration the result of the significant decrease in customers
             result from the adverse impact brought by COVID-19, the reasonable expectation of the
             business recovery from COVID-19 and the cost saving initiatives. The value-in-use calculations
             was reviewed by independent qualified valuer, Greater China Appraisal (Shanghai) Limited. The
             key assumptions used for the calculation are as follows:


                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   123
      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
                                                                               For the year       For the year
                                                                                     ended             ended
                                                                             31 December        31 December
                                                                                      2022              2021

           Expected growth rate of revenue                                     -56.1%-4%        -6.7%-14.9%
           Pre-tax discount rate                                                 14%-17%        14.5%-18.5%
           Terminal growth rate                                                         2%            2%-3%


           The values assigned to the above key assumptions are consistent with external information sources.

           If the expected growth rate applied in the cash flow projections of the CGUs had been 1% lower than
           the managements estimates, the value-in-use of the CGUs would be lower than estimated amount by
           approximately RMB125,737,000 (2021: RMB117,512,000).

           If the pre-tax discount rate applied in the cash flow projections of the CGUs had been 1% higher
           than the management’s estimates, the value-in-use of the CGUs would be lower than the estimated
           amount by approximately RMB126,700,000 (2021: RMB107,305,000).

           If the terminal growth rate applied in the cash flow projections of the CGUs had been 1% lower
           than the management’s estimates, the value-in-use of the CGUs would be lower than the estimated
           amount by approximately RMB60,898,000 (2021: RMB65,455,000).


      19. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                             Commercial
                                                              properties          Carparks              Total
                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2021                                         –                 –                 –
           Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 33)                  34,283                860            35,143
           Fair value gain on investment properties                 1,618             3,535             5,153
           Disposal                                                     –              (275)             (275)

           As at 31 December 2021                                 35,901              4,120            40,021
           Fair value gain/(loss) on investment properties           290                (58)              232

           As at 31 December 2022                                 36,191              4,062            40,253




124   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
19. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
(a)   Valuation processes of the Group
      The Group measures its investment properties at fair value. The fair value of the Group’s investment
      properties has been determined on the basis of valuation carried out by an independent and
      professionally qualified valuer. Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the
      management and the valuer at least once every six months, in line with the Group’s interim and annual
      reporting dates.

      Valuations were based on direct comparison approach is adopted assuming sale of each of these
      properties in its existing state with the benefit of vacant possession. By making reference to sales
      transactions as available in the relevant market, comparable properties in close proximity have been
      selected and adjustments have been made to account for the difference in factors such as location
      and property size.


(b)   Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                                                                Relationship
                                                                                                               of key inputs
                                     Fair value                                                               and significant
                                         as at                                  Significant                    unobservable
      Properties     Fair value   31 December     Valuation technique        unobservable                           inputs to
      category       hierarchy            2022         and key inputs               inputs           Range          fair value
                                     RMB’000

      Commercial     Level 3            36,191     Market comparison         Adjusted price   30,969-33,539        The higher
        properties                                       approach -by      per square meter                        the market
                                                  reference to average         (RMB/sq.m.)                           unit rate,
                                                  of recent transaction                                            the higher
                                                       prices of similar                                         the fair value
                                                   properties, adjusted
                                                    for nature, location
                                                    and properties size

      Carparks       Level 3             4,062     Market comparison         Adjusted price         15,000         The higher
                                                         approach -by      per square meter                        the market
                                                  reference to average         (RMB/sq.m.)                           unit rate,
                                                  of recent transaction                                            the higher
                                                       prices of similar                                         the fair value
                                                   properties, adjusted
                                                            for location


                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report       125
      19. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
      (b)   Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (continued)

                                                                                                                        Relationship
                                                                                                                       of key inputs
                                           Fair value                                                                 and significant
                                               as at                                   Significant                    unobservable
            Properties     Fair value   31 December     Valuation technique         unobservable                           inputs to
            category       hierarchy           2021           and key inputs               inputs            Range         fair value
                                           RMB’000

            Commercial     Level 3           35,901      Market comparison         Adjusted price     28,604-30,100      The higher
              properties                                       approach -by      per square meter                        the market
                                                        reference to average         (RMB/sq.m.)                           unit rate,
                                                        of recent transaction                                             the higher
                                                             prices of similar                                         the fair value
                                                        properties, adjusted
                                                         for nature, location
                                                         and properties size

            Carparks       Level 3            4,120      Market comparison         Adjusted price           15,000       The higher
                                                                   approach      per square meter                        the market
                                                            -by reference to         (RMB/sq.m.)                           unit rate,
                                                           average of recent                                              the higher
                                                          transaction prices                                           the fair value
                                                        of similar properties,
                                                        adjusted for location


      (c)   The following amounts have been recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
            other comprehensive income:


                                                                                                         2022                 2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

            Rental income                                                                               1,319                1,244
            Direct operating expenses arising from investment properties
              that generate rental income                                                                (252)                 (248)

                                                                                                        1,067                  996

126   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
19. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
(d)   The future aggregate minimum rental receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as
      follows:

                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

      Not later than one year                                              1,319              1,244
      Later than one year and not later than five years                    5,597              5,434
      Later than five years                                                4,623              6,105

                                                                          11,539             12,783


20. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD
                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

      Investment in associates                                            29,138             20,635
      Investment in joint ventures                                         3,394              8,605

                                                                          32,532             29,240

      The amounts recognised in profit and loss are as follows:

                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

      Share of total comprehensive income of associates                    3,003              3,862
      Share of total comprehensive (expenses)/income of
        joint ventures                                                      (111)               445

                                                                           2,892              4,307


(a)   Investments in associates
      The movements of the investments in associates are as follows:

                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

      As at 1 January                                                     20,635                  –
      Additions                                                            5,500             16,773
      Share of total comprehensive income of associates                    3,003              3,862

      As at 31 December                                                   29,138             20,635

                                                                                    2022 Annual Report   127
      20. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD (continued)
      (a)   Investments in associates (continued)
            Details of the principal associates as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                               Particulars of issued     Proportion
                                                               Place of        and paid up             of ownership
                                                               incorporation   capital/registered      interest held
                Name of company            Form of entity      and operation   capital                 by the Group    Principal activity

            Shangrao Asia Pacific          Limited liability   PRC             RMB5,000,000                    35%     Provision of property
                 Property Services            company                                                                    management
                 Limited*                                                                                                services
            (上饒市亞太物業服務
                 有限公司)

            Ningbo Jingsheng City          Limited liability   PRC             RMB50,000,000                   35%     Provision of property
                 Integrated Property          company                                                                    management
                 Services Limited*                                                                                       services
            (寧波市景勝城市綜合
                 物業服務有限公司)

            Linhai Yucheng Property Limited liability          PRC             RMB5,000,000                    49%     Provision of property
                 Services Limited*            company                                                                    management
            (臨海市昱誠物業服務                                                                                                   services
                 有限公司)

            Ningbo Chunjiang               Limited liability   PRC             RMB10,000,000                   30%     Provision of property
                 Property Services            company                                                                    management
                 Limited*                                                                                                services
            (寧波春江物業服務
                 有限公司)

            Jiangxi Taixin Health          Limited liability   PRC             RMB2,000,000                    49%     Provision of property
                 Care Services Limited*       company                                                                    management
            (江西泰心康護護理                                                                                                    services
                 服務有限公司)

            *         English name for identification only


            The associates were accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

            There is no individually material associate which significantly affects the results and net assets of the
            Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.


128   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
20. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD (continued)
(b)   Investments in joint ventures
      The movements of the investments in joint ventures are as follows:

                                                                                                         2022                       2021
                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000

      As at 1 January                                                                                   8,605                             –

      Additions                                                                                                  –                 8,160
      Disposal                                                                                         (5,100)                            –
      Share of total comprehensive (expenses)/income of
           joint ventures                                                                                 (111)                      445

      As at 31 December                                                                                 3,394                      8,605


      Details of the principal joint ventures as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                         Particulars of issued     Proportion
                                                         Place of        and paid up             of ownership
                                                         incorporation   capital/registered      interest held
          Name of company            Form of entity      and operation   capital                 by the Group        Principal activity

      Qujing Hengyu Property Limited liability           PRC             RMB1,000,000                    51%         Provision of property
           Management Limited*          company                                                                        management
      (曲靖恒鈺物業管理                                                                                                        services
           有限公司)

      Hainan Hengchen                Limited liability   PRC             RMB5,000,000                    51%         Provision of property
           Property Services            company                                                                        management
           Limited*                                                                                                    services
      (海南恒辰物業服務
           有限公司)

      *         English name for identification only


      The joint ventures were accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial
      statements.

      There is no individually material joint venture which significantly affects the results and net assets of the
      Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report      129
      21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                       2022          2021
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

            Trade receivables (note i)                            2,739,020     1,999,699
            Value added tax recoverable                              22,985        51,412
            Other receivables (note ii)                             437,302       662,803

                                                                  3,199,307     2,713,914


      (i)   Trade receivables

                                                                       2022          2021
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

            Trade receivables
            Related parties (Note 35)                             2,464,090     2,499,704
            Third parties                                         3,084,954     2,204,407

            Notes receivables
            Related parties (Note 35)                                      –        1,420

            Gross trade and notes receivables                     5,549,044     4,705,531

            Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables

              – Related parties (Note 35)                         (2,455,691)   (2,440,150)
              – Third parties                                      (354,333)     (265,682)

                                                                  2,739,020     1,999,699




130   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
(ii)   Other receivables

                                                                   2022                2021
                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

       Ultimate holding company
         – Financial guarantees                              13,400,000         13,400,000
       Less:
         – Enforcement of financial guarantees pledged       (13,400,000)       (13,400,000)

                                                                       –                   –

       Other related parties (Note 35)                           11,770               9,134
       Third parties
         – Payments on behalf of property owners (Note c)       296,749            501,470
         – Deposits                                             153,044            164,138
         – Others                                                53,102              60,784

       Gross other receivables                                  514,665            735,526

       Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables
         – Third parties                                         (77,363)           (72,723)

       Total other receivables                                  437,302            662,803




                                                                            2022 Annual Report   131
      21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
           Notes:


           (a)      Trade receivables mainly arise from property management services income under lump sum basis and value-added service. Property

                    management service income is received in accordance with the terms of the relevant services agreements. Value-added service income

                    is usually due for payment upon the issuance of document of settlement.


           (b)      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the aging analysis of the trade and notes receivables based on date of revenue recognition were as

                    follows:


                                                                                                                      2022                      2021

                                                                                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000


                    0 to 180 days                                                                                3,002,519                 2,640,193

                    181-365 days                                                                                   729,450                 1,407,462

                    1 to 2 years                                                                                 1,343,503                   471,274

                    2 to 3 years                                                                                   375,846                   110,585

                    Over 3 years                                                                                     97,726                   76,017

                                                                                                                 5,549,044                 4,705,531



           (c)      Payments on behalf of property owners mainly represented utilities costs of properties.


           (d)      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, trade and other receivables were denominated in RMB and the fair value of trade and other

                    receivables approximate their carrying amounts.



      22. PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                                                    2022                      2021
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000

           Prepayments to suppliers
           Related parties (Note 35)                                                                               1,581                     3,688
           Third parties                                                                                          35,153                   30,688

                                                                                                                  36,734                   34,376




132   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   Cash and cash equivalents represents cash at banks which earns interest at floating rates based on
   daily bank deposit rates and cash on hand. The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents
   approximate their fair value.

                                                                                      2022                2021
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

   Cash at bank                                                                 1,563,871           1,128,159
   Cash on hand                                                                      4,108               1,995

                                                                                1,567,979           1,130,154


   (a)    The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents were denominated in the following
          currencies:

                                                                                      2022                2021
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


          RMB                                                                   1,528,731           1,070,897
          US$                                                                           13               1,980
          HK$                                                                       39,235             57,277

                                                                                1,567,979           1,130,154


   (b)    The conversion of RMB denominated deposits placed in banks in the PRC into foreign
          currencies and the remittance of such foreign currencies denominated bank balances and
          cash out of the PRC are subject to relevant rules and regulation of foreign exchange control
          promulgated by the PRC government.


24. RESTRICED CASH
   Restricted cash mainly represents (i) industry regulated funds of Evergrande Insurance Agency Co.,
   Ltd.; (ii) deposits for the provision of property management services as required by local government
   authorities; (iii) cash restricted to projects managed on a remuneration basis only; (iv) funds for litigation
   preservation of some subsidiaries.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report    133
      25. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                      Equivalent
                                                              Number         Nominal value        nominal value
                                                            of ordinary         of ordinary           of ordinary
                                                                shares               shares               shares
                                                                                  USD’000              RMB’000

           Authorised:
           At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021,
             1 January 2022 and
             31 December 2022                          100,000,000,000               10,000               70,000

           Issued:
           At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021,
             1 January 2022 and
             31 December 2022                           10,810,811,000                1,081                7,060


      26. RESERVES
                                              Share       Statutory        Capital    Exchange
                                           premium        reserves        reserves     reserves            Total
                                           RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                           (Note a)

           Balance at 1 January 2022       5,944,185       421,071 (13,188,981)               (593)   (6,824,318)
           Transfer to statutory reserve
             (Note a)                             –         83,313               –               –        83,313
           Tax effect of equity
             transactions with ultimate
             holding company                      –               –        402,000               –       402,000
           Currency translation
             difference                           –               –              –        2,849            2,849
           Others                                 –               –         30,779               –        30,779

           Balance at
             31 December 2022              5,944,185       504,384 (12,756,202)           2,256       (6,305,377)




134   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
26. RESERVES (continued)
                                         Share   Statutory     Capital   Exchange
                                      premium    reserves     reserves    reserves         Total
                                      RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                  (Note a)


    Balance at 31 December
      2020 (as previously
      reported)                      5,944,185   371,774      207,239        (908)   6,522,290
    Common control
      combinations                          –           –      50,000           –        50,000
    Prior year adjustment                   –           –     (50,000)          –       (50,000)

    Balance at 1 January
      2021 (as restated)             5,944,185   371,774      207,239        (908)   6,522,290
    Transfer to statutory
      reserves (Note a)                     –     49,297            –           –        49,297
    Capital contribution by the
      then shareholder of the
      subsidiary acquired under
      common control                        –           –      50,000           –        50,000
    Acquisition of subsidiaries
      under common control                  –           –     (39,198)          –       (39,198)
    Equity transactions with
      ultimate holding company              –           – (13,400,000)          – (13,400,000)
    Release of financial guarantee
      to holding company                    –           –      50,000           –        50,000
    Currency translation
      difference                            –           –           –         315           315
    Others                                  –           –     (57,022)          –       (57,022)

    Balance at
      31 December 2021               5,944,185   421,071 (13,188,981)        (593)   (6,824,318)




                                                                                2022 Annual Report   135
      26. RESERVES (continued)
      (a)   Statutory reserves
            In accordance with relevant rules and regulations in the PRC and the Company ’ s Articles of
            Association, companies incorporated in PRC are required to transfer no less than 10% of their profit
            after taxation calculated under PRC accounting standards and regulations to the statutory reserve
            funds, until the accumulated total of the fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The statutory
            reserve funds can only be used, upon approval by the relevant authority, to offset previous years’
            losses or to increase the capital of respective companies.


      27. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

            Trade payable (Note a)
            Related parties (Note 35)                                                267,345           225,530
            Third parties                                                          1,646,059         1,913,508

                                                                                   1,913,404         2,139,038

            Notes payable (Note a)
            Related parties (Note 35)                                                       –            1,168
            Third parties                                                                   –            1,909

                                                                                            –            3,077

            Accrued payroll                                                          574,926           569,532

            Other payable
            Amounts temporarily received from/on behalf of property
              owners or lessors (Note b)                                             348,124           723,767
            Deposits                                                                 337,690           345,249
            Other tax payables                                                       214,588           419,829
            Considerations payable for business combinations                         772,225           839,278
            Others                                                                   764,313           550,768

                                                                                   2,436,940         2,878,891

                                                                                   4,925,270         5,590,538

            Less: Non-current portion                                                       –           (54,018)

            Current portion                                                        4,925,270         5,536,520

136   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
27. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (continued)
    (a)   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the ageing analysis of the trade and notes payables based
          on invoice date were follows:

                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

          Up to 1 year                                                     1,661,300         2,070,749
          1 to 2 years                                                       209,330             57,149
          2 to 3 years                                                         35,599             7,726
          More than 3 years                                                     7,175             6,491

                                                                           1,913,404         2,142,115


    (b)   The amounts mainly represented utilities expenses temporarily collected from the property
          owners to be paid to related service providers and rental income collected from leases to be
          returned to the property owners.

    (c)   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, trade and other payables were denominated in RMB and
          the carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.




                                                                                        2022 Annual Report   137
      28. LEASE
      (a)   Right-of-use assets

                                                       2022        2021
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000

            As at 1 January
            Cost                                     418,681     62,268
            Accumulated depreciation                (230,258)    (37,475)

            Net carrying amount                      188,423     24,793

            As at 31 December
            Opening net book amount                  188,423     24,793
            Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 33)          –     25,114
            Additions                                 63,573    331,299
            Termination                              (50,706)          –
            Depreciation                            (132,035)   (192,783)

            Closing net carrying amount               69,255    188,423

            As at 31 December
            Cost                                     346,955    418,681
            Accumulated depreciation                (277,700)   (230,258)

            Net carrying amount                       69,255    188,423


      (b)   Lease liabilities

                                                       2022        2021
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000

            Current                                  142,201    103,018
            Non-current                              124,784    218,551

                                                     266,985    321,569




138   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
28. LEASE (continued)
(c)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
      income

                                                                             2022               2021
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Depreciation of right-of-use assets
      – Properties                                                        132,035           192,783
      Interest expenses (included in finance costs)                          7,124            17,574
      Expense relating to short-term and low-value leases
        (included in cost of sales and administrative expenses)           172,306           310,452


      The total cash outflow for leases during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 amounted to
      RMB122,434,000 and RMB305,671,000, respectively.


29. BORROWINGS
                                                                             2022               2021
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current                                                             183,033           150,000
      Non-current                                                           66,667          150,000

                                                                          249,700           300,000


      As at 31 December 2022, the Group ’ s bank borrowings of RMB249,700,000 (2021: RMB
      300,000,000) were secured by pledge of the Group ’s equity interest of certain subsidiaries and
      guaranteed by non-controlling interests.

      The maturity of the borrowings is as follows:

                                                                             2022               2021
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Within one year                                                     183,033           150,000
      1-2 years                                                             66,667          100,000
      Over 2 years                                                               –            50,000

                                                                          249,700           300,000




                                                                                     2022 Annual Report   139
      29. BORROWINGS (continued)
           The effective interest rates were as follows:

                                                            Effective               Effective
                                                            weighted                weighted
                                                             average                 average
                                                     2022   rate 2022      2021     rate 2021
                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000

           Bank borrowings                        249,700     6.11%      300,000      6.33%


      30. DEFERRED INCOME TAX
           The analysis of deferred tax is as follows:

                                                                           2022         2021
                                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000

           Deferred tax assets:
           To be recovered within 12 months                               27,890      68,077
           To be recovered after more than 12 months                      37,946      79,889

                                                                          65,836     147,966


                                                                           2022         2021
                                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000

           Deferred tax liabilities:
           To be realised within 12 months                               (40,788)     (47,895)
           To be realised after more than 12 months                     (160,488)   (205,186)

                                                                        (201,276)   (253,081)




140   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
30. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (continued)
    The movement in deferred income tax without considering the offsetting of balances within the same
    tax jurisdiction, is as follows:

                                         Deferred                                   Deferred
                                       tax assets-                                         tax
                                       allowance                                 liabilities on
                                               on      Deferred      Deferred    amortisation
                                         doubtful    tax assets-   tax assets-   of intangible
                                            debts    tax losses        Others          assets          Total
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

    As at 1 January 2021                   33,043        47,012           256         (14,887)        65,424
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                 –        26,314             –        (283,344)      (257,030)
    Credited to the consolidated
      statement of profit or
      loss and other
      comprehensive income                 33,480         7,292           569          45,150         86,491

    At 31 December 2021                    66,523        80,618           825        (253,081)      (105,115)

    (Charged)/credited to
      the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss
      and other comprehensive
      income                              (38,920)      (42,651)         (559)         51,805        (30,325)

    At 31 December 2022                    27,603        37,967           266        (201,276)      (135,440)


    According to CIT Law, a withholding income tax of 10% will be levied on the immediate holding
    companies outside the PRC when their PRC subsidiaries declare dividends out of profits earned after
    1 January 2008. A lower 5% withholding income tax rate may be applied when the immediate holding
    companies of the PRC subsidiaries are established in Hong Kong and fulfil requirements under the tax
    treaty agreements between the relevant authorities of the PRC and Hong Kong.

    As at 31 December 2022, the Group has unrecognised deferred income tax liabilities arising from
    undistributed profits from the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC to its immediate holding company. No
    provision has been made in respect of such withholding tax as the directors have confirmed that such
    profits will not be distributed in the foreseeable future. Unremitted earnings in this respect amounted
    to RMB3,049,872,000 (2021: RMB1,728,833,000).

                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   141
      31. CASH FLOW INFORMATION
      (a)   Cash generated from operations


                                                                              2022         2021
                                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000

            Profit/(loss) before income tax                               1,936,997     (218,904)
            Adjustments for:
            – Finance costs                                                 24,435       48,236
            – Depreciation of property and equipment (Note 17)              26,702       25,667
            – Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 28(a))             132,035      192,783
            – Amortisation of other intangible assets (Note 18)            196,336      167,701
            – (Gains)/losses from disposal of property and equipment              –          (74)
            – Impairment losses on financial assets                        108,832     2,575,947
            – Fair value change of investment properties                       (232)      (5,153)
            – Loss on disposal of investment properties                           –         275
            – Share of profit on investments accounted
               for equity method                                             (2,892)      (4,307)
            – Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss                                                2,309          774
            – Fair value change on contingent consideration payables         (7,102)           –
            – Impairment loss recognised for goodwill and
               customer relationship                                         6,119      593,946
            – Interest income                                                (9,082)    (208,710)
            – Gain on bargaining purchase                                         –         (460)
            – Measurement period adjustment for goodwill                    17,210             –

            Changes in working capital
            – Trade and other receivables                                  (598,243)     (34,682)
            – Prepayment                                                     (2,358)     (14,785)
            – Contract liabilities                                         (392,120)    217,450
            – Trade and other payables                                     (412,798)    (635,986)
            – Restricted cash                                               (51,448)   1,968,626

                                                                           974,700     4,668,344




142   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
31. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)
(b)   Net debt reconciliation

                                                                                Lease
                                                        Borrowings           liabilities              Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000

      As at 1 January 2021                                         –           25,815               25,815
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 33)                  71,738            26,410               98,148
      Additions of leases                                          –          331,299             331,299
      Accrued interest expenses                                    –           17,574               17,574
      Cash flows                                            228,262            (79,529)           148,733

      As at 31 December 2021                                300,000           321,569             621,569

      As at 1 January 2022                                  300,000           321,569             621,569
      Addition of leases                                           –           63,573               63,573
      Accrued interest expenses                                    –             7,124               7,124
      Termination                                                  –          (57,598)             (57,598)
      Cash flows                                            (50,300)          (67,683)            (117,983)

      As at 31 December 2022                                249,700           266,985             516,685


32. COMMITMENTS
      Capital commitments
      Considerations to be paid for acquisitions of equity interests of subsidiaries from non-controlling
      interests contracted for but not yet completed as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 is as follows:

                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

      Within one year                                                         300,000                     –
      1 to 2 years                                                                    –           300,000

                                                                              300,000             300,000




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report   143
      33. BUSINESS COMBINATION
           During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired seven property management
           companies at a total consideration of RMB2,167,981,000. Identified property management contract
           and customer relationship of RMB1,133,376,000 is recognised as intangible assets. The excess of
           the consideration of acquisition over proportion of the value of the acquired identifiable net assets
           of RMB1,698,809,000 (note 18) is recorded as goodwill.The directors of the Company consider
           that none of these subsidiaries acquired during the year was significant to the Group and thus the
           individual financial information of these subsidiaries on the acquisition date was not disclosed. Details
           of the purchase considerations, the net assets acquired are as follows:

                                                                                                        RMB’000

           Purchase consideration
           Total fair value of cash consideration                                                       2,109,671
           Contingent consideration payables (Note d)                                                      58,310

                                                                                                        2,167,981

           Recognised amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
           Cash and bank balances                                                                         217,407
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                          181,468
           Prepayments                                                                                      5,862
           Trade and other receivables                                                                    640,456
           Property and equipment (Note 17)                                                                27,575
           Property management contracts and customer relationships (Note 18)                           1,133,376
           Other intangible assets (Note 18)                                                                3,345
           Right-of-use assets (Note 28)                                                                   25,114
           Investment properties (Note 19)                                                                 35,143
           Investments accounted for using the equity method                                               18,084
           Deferred income tax assets                                                                      26,314
           Borrowings                                                                                     (71,738)
           Contract liabilities                                                                          (136,940)
           Trade and other payables                                                                      (710,061)
           Current income tax liabilities                                                                (190,707)
           Lease liabilities                                                                              (26,410)
           Deferred income tax liabilities                                                               (283,344)

           Total identifiable net assets                                                                  894,944



144   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
33. BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
                                                                                             RMB’000

      Total identifiable net assets                                                           894,944
      Less: non-controlling interests                                                         (425,312)

      Identifiable net assets attributable to the Group                                       469,632
      Goodwill arising on acquisitions (Note 18)                                            1,698,809
      Gain on bargaining purchase (Note 9)                                                         (460)

      Fair value of consideration                                                           2,167,981


(a)   Net cash outflow arising on acquisition during the year ended 31 December 2021:

                                                                                             RMB’000

      Total considerations                                                                  2,167,981
      Less: contingent consideration payable                                                   (58,310)
      Less: cash considerations payable as at 31 December 2021                                (790,469)

      Cash considerations paid in the period                                                1,319,202
      Less: cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries acquired                            (217,407)

      Cash outflow in the year                                                              1,101,795


(b)   Acquired receivables
      The fair value of trade and other receivables is RMB640,456,000, the gross contractual amount
      for trade and other receivables due is RMB707,513,000, with a loss allowance of RMB67,057,000
      recognised on acquisition.


(c)   Revenue and profit contribution
      The acquired business contributed revenue of RMB2,468,637,000 and net loss of RMB25,626,000
      to the Group for the period from their respective acquisition dates to 31 December 2021. If the
      acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2021, consolidated revenue and net profit for the year ended
      31 December 2021 would have been RMB2,833,144,000 and RMB48,567,000 respectively.




                                                                                       2022 Annual Report   145
      33. BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
      (d)   Contingent consideration payables
            Contingent consideration payables represent the performance guarantee given by the vendors in
            relation to the business combination. Contingent consideration payables have been designated as
            financial liabilities upon initial recognition and is measured at fair value at the end of the reporting
            period.

            Pursuant to the sale and purchase agreements in relation to the acquisition of six property
            management companies, the vendors have given the performance guarantee to the Group.

            The details of the performance guarantee are as follows:

            Vendor 1:

            Financial year ending                                                     Revenue       Profit after tax
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

            31 December 2021                                                         2,000,000            120,000
            31 December 2022                                                         2,300,000            140,000


            During the year ended 31 December 2021, the actual audited revenue and profit after tax of the
            corresponding acquired subsidiary satisfied the performance guarantee.

            Vendor 2:

                                                                                                    Profit after tax
                                                                                                  (excluding non-
            Financial year ending                                                     Revenue     operating items)
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

            31 December 2021                                                           424,490             24,530
            31 December 2022                                                           466,940             26,980
            31 December 2023                                                           513,630             29,680


            During the year ended 31 December 2021, the actual audited revenue and profit after tax (excluding
            non-operating items) of the corresponding acquired subsidiary satisfied the performance guarantee.




146   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
33. BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
(d)   Contingent consideration payables (continued)
      Vendor 3:

                                                                            Revenue       Profit after tax
                                                                             (include   (excluding non-
      Financial year ending                                          value-added tax)   operating items)
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

      31 December 2021                                                      190,000              18,000
      31 December 2022                                                      190,000              18,000


      During the year ended 31 December 2022, after negotiation with the vendor, both parties agreed to
      withdrawal the related contingent consideration.

      Vendor 4:

                                                                                          Profit after tax
                                                                                        (excluding non-
      Financial year ending                                                 Revenue     operating items)
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

      31 December 2021                                                      142,366              40,150
      31 December 2022                                                      156,603              44,165


      Vendor 5:

                                                                                          Profit after tax
                                                                                        (excluding non-
      Financial year ending                                                 Revenue     operating items)
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

      31 December 2021                                                        80,120               5,958
      31 December 2022                                                      104,156                7,149
      31 December 2023                                                      135,403                8,579


      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the actual audited revenue and profit after tax (excluding
      non-operating items) of the corresponding acquired subsidiary did not satisfy the performance
      guarantee.


                                                                                        2022 Annual Report   147
      33. BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
      (d)   Contingent consideration payables (continued)
            Vendor 6:

                                                                                                    Profit after tax
                                                                                                  (excluding non-
            Financial year ending                                                     Revenue     operating items)
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

            31 December 2021                                                            14,876               2,400
            31 December 2022                                                            17,852               2,880


            During the year ended 31 December 2021, the actual audited revenue and profit after tax (excluding
            non-operating items) of the corresponding acquired subsidiary did not satisfy the performance
            guarantee.


      34. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
            Set out below is summarised financial information for each subsidiary that has non-controlling interests
            that are material to the Group. The amounts disclosed for each subsidiary are before inter-company
            eliminations.

            Summarised statement                Wuhan JBL Property               Ningbo Yatai Hotel Property
            of financial position              Management Co., Ltd.*                   Services Co., Ltd.*
                                                     2022              2021               2022                2021
                                                RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

            Current assets                         62,554            62,465            938,373            903,362
            Current liabilities                    13,317            21,337            854,587            959,769
            Net current assets/(liablities)        49,237            41,128             83,786             (56,407)
            Non-current assets                   185,551            216,414            532,437            638,406
            Net assets                           234,788            257,542            616,223            581,999




148   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
34. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
          Summarised statement
          of profit or loss and other                    Wuhan JBL Property          Ningbo Yatai Hotel Property
          comprehensive income                         Management Co., Ltd.*             Services Co., Ltd.*

                                                                2022          2021          2022                2021
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                 171,274    119,822        2,330,292        1,827,412
      Profit for the year                                      14,731     22,222          80,891                3,568

      *        English name for identification purpose only



35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(a)   Transactions with related parties:
      In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group
      had the following transactions with related parties.

                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue from rendering of services
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                93,169         2,668,837
      – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                            47,354           151,655

                                                                                         140,523         2,820,492

      Purchase of goods and services
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                83,539           116,562

      Leasing car parking spaces
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                30,910               72,250


      The transactions above were carried out in the normal course of the Group’s business and on terms
      as agreed between the transacting parties.




                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report   149
      35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (a)   Transactions with related parties: (continued)
            Starting from September 2021, due to China Evergrande Group’s liquidity difficulties, the management
            of the Group expects the inflow of economic benefits from China Evergrande Group is not virtually
            certain. Since the property services customers involve all the property owners and various aspects
            of the community, which has integrality and indivisibility as a whole, it is impracticable to exclude
            China Evergrande Group from providing property management services to those vacant properties.
            Hence, no additional costs have been incurred and the Group continues to provide property
            management services to China Evergrande Group. The Group estimates that the amount of the
            service income for the year ended 31 December 2022 to be approximately RMB1,034,292,000. No
            revenue is recognised in respect of the property management services delivered to, while the Group
            will endeavour to take reasonable measures to collect the receivables from the relevant parties in
            accordance with the relevant laws and applicable agreements to actively safeguard the interests of the
            Group.

      (b)   Balances with related parties:
            The Group had the following balances with related parties:

                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

            Trade receivables
            – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                   2,354,584          2,396,639
            – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                 109,506            103,065

                                                                                   2,464,090          2,499,704

            Less: allowances for impairment of trade receivables
                   (charged to profit or loss)                                     (2,455,691)       (2,440,150)

                                                                                        8,399            59,554


                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

            Other receivables
            – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                       11,770             9,134




150   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(b)   Balances with related parties: (continued)

                                                                                                        2022                    2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Notes receivables
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                                   –                 1,420


                                                                                                        2022                    2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Prepayments
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                             1,581                   3,688


                                                                                                        2022                    2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Trade payables
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                          267,055                 225,481
      – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                                            290                      49

                                                                                                    267,345                 225,530


                                                                                                        2022                    2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Notes payables
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                                   –                 1,168


                                                                                                        2022                    2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Other payables
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                          158,555                 179,016
      – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                                            621                     540

                                                                                                    159,176                 179,556

      (i)   The above trade and notes receivable, prepayments and trade and notes payable are trading nature, interest-free and repayable

            according to terms in contracts.


                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report        151
      35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (c)   Key management compensation
            Compensations for key management other than those for directors as disclosed in Note 12 is set out
            below:

                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000

            Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                         1,984             4,679
            Contribution to pension scheme expenses                                        104               161

                                                                                         2,088             4,840


      36. EVENT AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
            On 22 March 2023, the Company’s ultimate holding company, China Evergrande Group announced
            the proposed restructuring of the offshore indebtedness (the “Proposed Restructuring” ). The
            principal terms of the Proposed Restructuring are set out in three binding term sheets (CEG term
            sheet, SJ term sheet and TJ term sheet, collectively, the “Term Sheets” and each a “Term Sheet”)
            dated 20 March 2023.

            As per the Proposed Restructuring, shares in the Company (the “EVPS shares”) held by China
            Evergrande Group, totalling: (a) 2,493,778,025 EVPS Shares (equivalent to approximately 23.1% of the
            total issued EVPS Shares as at the date of the CEG Term Sheet); and (b) 749,465,275 EVPS Shares
            (equivalent to approximately 6.9% of the total issued EVPS Shares as at the date of the CEG Term
            Sheet), shall be deposited in securities accounts and charged to secure the A2 EVPS shares-linked
            notes (“SLNs”) and the C2 EVPS SLNs (each as defined in the CEG Term Sheet) (the “EVPS Shares
            Account Charges”), respectively. The EVPS Shares subject to EVPS Shares Account Charges may
            be released for sale to a strategic investor under certain conditions set out in the CEG Term Sheet.
            Any sale of EVPS Shares to a strategic investor shall be made on a pro rata basis between the A2
            EVPS SLNs and the C2 EVPS SLNs.

            Further, China Evergrande Group will issue mandatory exchangeable bonds which are exchangeable
            into 2,331,985,700 EVPS Shares (representing approximately 21.57% of the total issued EVPS Shares
            as at the date of the CEG Term Sheet) which shall be deposited in a charged securities account (subject
            to customary releases).

            On 3 April 2023, China Evergrande Group signed three restructuring supporting agreements with the
            creditor special group and announced a restructuring supporting agreement. Accordingly, all parties
            agreed to cooperate to promote the Proposed Restructuring.

152   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                            2022                     2021
                                                                                      Note               RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Assets
      Non-current asset
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                      (a)                           –                       –

      Current assets
      Amounts due from related parties                                                                               –                 6,376
      Other receivables                                                                                        6,965                 57,465
      Prepayments                                                                                                676                     619
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                4,798                 19,915

                                                                                                             12,439                  84,375

      Total assets                                                                                           12,439                  84,375

      Equity
      Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
      Share capital                                                                                            7,060                   7,060
      Reserves (Note (a))                                                                                9,233,219               9,233,219
      Accumulated losses                                                                                (9,331,607)             (9,278,439)

      Deficiency in equity                                                                                  (91,328)                (38,160)

      Liabilities
      Current liabilities
      Other payables                                                                                       103,767                 122,535

      Total equity and liabilities                                                                           12,439                  84,375

      Note:


      (a)      As at 31 December 2022, investment in subsidiaries are carried at cost of approximately RMB9,102,506,000 (2021: RMB9,102,506,000),

               net of impairment loss of RMB9,102,506,000 (2021: RMB9,102,506,000) in respect of investment in subsidiaries.


(a)   Movement of reserve of the Company

                                                                                     Share Recapitalisation
                                                                                premium                  reserves                  Total
                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Balance as at 1 January 2021,
            31 December 2021, 1 January 2022 and
            December 31 2022                                                   5,944,185                 3,289,034               9,233,219

                                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report        153
      38. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
           Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 and as at date
           of this report, are set out as follows:

                                            Place of                             Nominal value
                                            incorporation/   Form of             of issued
                                            registration     business            ordinary                                                                   Principal
            Company Name                    and business     structure           share capital       Percentage of equity attributable to the Company       activities

                                                                                                           Direct                       Indirect

                                                                                                       2022           2021           2022          2021


           Eagle Investment (BVI) Limited   BVI              Limited liability   USD1                 100%           100%              —                —   Investment
                                                             company                                                                                        holding


           Knight Honour Global Limited     BVI              Limited liability   USD1                    —              —           100%           100%     Investment
                                                             company                                                                                        holding


           Oriental Joy Group Limited       BVI              Limited liability   USD1                    —              —           100%           100%     Investment
                                                             company                                                                                        holding


           Success Will Group Limited       Hong Kong        Limited liability   HKD1,000                —              —           100%           100%     Investment
                                                             company                                                                                        holding


           Fortune Ascent Management        Hong Kong        Limited liability   HKD1                    —              —           100%           100%     Property
             Limited                                         company                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                                            services


           Jinbi Property Management        PRC              Limited liability   RMB10,000,000,000       —              —           100%           100%     Property
             Co., Ltd.*                                      company                                                                                        management
             (金碧物業有限公司)                                                                                                                                     services


           Wuhan Jinbi Jiayuan Property     PRC              Limited liability   RMB3,000,000            —              —           100%           100%     Property
             Management Co., Ltd. *                          company                                                                                        management
             (武漢金碧嘉園物業管理                                                                                                                                    services
               有限公司)


           Guiyang Zhongyu Property         PRC              Limited liability   RMB3,000,000            —              —           100%           100%     Property
             Management Co., Ltd. *                          company                                                                                        management
             (貴陽中渝物業服務有限                                                                                                                                    services
               責任公司)


           Chongqing Tongjing Property      PRC              Limited liability   RMB5,000,000            —              —           100%           100%     Property
             Services Co., Ltd.*                             company                                                                                        management
             (重慶同景物業服務有限公司)                                                                                                                                 services


           Guiyang New Life Property        PRC              Limited liability   RMB5,010,000            —              —           100%           100%     Property
             Services Co., Ltd.*                             company                                                                                        management
             (貴陽新生活物業                                                                                                                                       services
               服務有限公司)

154   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
38. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

                                      Place of                             Nominal value
                                      incorporation/   Form of             of issued
                                      registration     business            ordinary                                                               Principal
        Company Name                  and business     structure           share capital   Percentage of equity attributable to the Company       activities

                                                                                                 Direct                       Indirect

                                                                                             2022           2021           2022            2021


        Ningbo Yatai Hotel Property   PRC              Limited liability   RMB66,370,000       —              —            80%              80%   Property
          Services Co., Ltd. *                         company                                                                                    management
          (寧波市雅太酒店物業                                                                                                                              services
            服務有限公司)

        Shenzhen Futian Real Estate   PRC              Limited liability   RMB60,000,000                                  100%             100%   Property
          Development Co., Ltd.*                       company                                                                                    management
          (福田物業發展                                                                                                                                 services
            有限公司)

        Zhejiang Jindu Property       PRC              Limited liability   RMB20,000,000       —              —           100%             100%   Property
          Management Co., Ltd.*                        company                                                                                    management
          (浙江金都物業管理                                                                                                                               services
            有限公司)

        Wuhan Jiebaili Property       PRC              Limited liability   RMB20,000,000       —              —            70%              70%   Property
          Management Co., Ltd.*                        company                                                                                    management
          (武漢杰佰利物業管理                                                                                                                              services
            有限公司)

        Nanchang Tianxiang Property PRC                Limited liability   RMB82,700,000       —              —            70%              70%   Property
          Management Co., Ltd.*                        company                                                                                    management
          (南昌市天翔物業管理                                                                                                                              services
            有限公司)

        Taiyuan Lanjieshi Property    PRC              Limited liability   RMB5,180,000        —              —            65%              65%   Property
          Management Co., Ltd.*                        company                                                                                    management
          (太原藍潔仕物業管理                                                                                                                              services
            有限公司)

        Chongqing Taiguang            PRC              Limited liability   RMB500,000          —              —           100%             100%   Property
          Real Estate Management                       company                                                                                    management
          Co., Ltd.*                                                                                                                              services
          (重慶泰廣房地產管理
            有限公司)

    *            English name for identification only



39. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issued by the board of
    directors on 5 June 2023.



                                                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report    155
      Five-year Financial Summary

      Consolidated Results
                                                  2018         2019          2020          2021         2022
                                              (RMB’000)    (RMB’000)     (RMB’000)     (RMB’000)    (RMB’000)

      Revenue                                 5,903,226    7,332,722    10,781,578    13,193,464    11,809,176

      Profit/(loss) before income tax          310,292     1,229,185     3,497,528      (218,904)    1,936,997

      Income tax expense                        (71,284)    (298,661)     (851,060)     (169,880)     (458,423)

      Profit/(loss) for the year               239,008      930,524      2,646,468      (388,784)    1,478,574

      Profit/(loss) attributable to:
        Shareholders of the Company            239,075      930,232      2,647,099      (316,294)    1,422,679

        Non-controlling interests                   (67)        292           (631)      (72,490)      55,895

                                               239,008      930,524      2,646,468      (388,784)    1,478,574

      Earnings/(loss) per share for profit
        attributable to shareholders
        of the Company(Expressed in
        RMB per share)
      Basis                                        N/A          0.09          0.26         (0.03)         0.13

      Dilution                                     N/A          0.09          0.26         (0.03)         0.13


      Consolidated Financial Position
                                                  2018         2019          2020          2021         2022
                                              (RMB’000)    (RMB’000)     (RMB’000)     (RMB’000)    (RMB’000)

      Non-current assets                       138,740      149,752       287,887      2,681,599     2,252,527

      Current assets                          5,703,078    7,306,903    16,820,652     3,920,529     4,895,244

      Current liabilities                     5,036,741    5,669,448     7,225,728     9,370,698     8,216,601

      Net current assets/(liabilities)         666,337     1,637,455     9,594,924    (5,450,169)   (3,321,357)

      Total assets less current liabilities    805,077     1,787,207     9,882,811    (2,768,570)   (1,068,830)

      Non-current liabilities                    8,304       12,750        26,201       733,960       443,935

      Equity attributable to shareholders
      of the Company                           796,840     1,761,607     9,845,648    (3,866,551)   (2,008,244)

      Non-controlling interests                     (67)     12,850        10,962       364,021       495,479

      Total equity/(deficiency in equity)      796,773     1,774,457     9,856,610    (3,502,530)   (1,512,765)



156   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
