貼心服務 真誠相伴
Contents
Corporate Information                                                                    2

Awards and Honours                                                                       4

Chairman’s Statement                                                                     6

Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     14

Directors and Senior Management                                                        27

Corporate Governance Report                                                            33

Report of the Directors                                                                54

Independent Auditor’s Report                                                           72

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                81

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                           82

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                            84

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                   85

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                         86

Five-year Financial Summary                                                           170




                                                                          2025 Annual Report   1
    Corporate Information

    Board of Directors                            Joint Company Secretaries
    Executive Directors                           Mr. Hu Xu
    Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)                   Mr. Cheng Ching Kit
    Mr. Han Chao
    Mr. Hu Xu                                     Headquarters and Principal Place of
                                                    Business in the PRC
    Non-executive Directors
                                                  Third Compartment of Room 3101
    Mr. Sang Quan
                                                  No. 78, Huangpu Avenue West
    Mr. Lin Wuchang
                                                  Tianhe District
    Independent Non-executive Directors           Guangzhou

    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                             Guangdong, PRC

    Ms. Wen Yanhong
    Mr. Dong Xinyi                                Principal Place of Business in
    Mr. Lam Wai Hon (appointed on 15 May 2025)      Hong Kong
    Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard                        Room 2201, 22/F, YF Life Centre
      (appointed on 15 May 2025)                  38 Gloucester Road
                                                  Wanchai
    Audit Committee
                                                  Hong Kong
    Ms. Wen Yanhong (Chairman)
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan
                                                  Registered Office
    Mr. Dong Xinyi
                                                  Cricket Square
    Remuneration Committee                        Hutchins Drive
    Mr. Dong Xinyi (Chairman)                     PO Box 2681
    Ms. Wen Yanhong                               Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Mr. Han Chao                                  Cayman Islands

    Nomination Committee                          Principal Share Registrar and
    Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)
                                                    Transfer Office
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan
                                                  Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
    Ms. Wen Yanhong (appointed on 21 July 2025)
                                                  Cricket Square
    Mr. Dong Xinyi
                                                  Hutchins Drive
    Authorized Representatives                    PO Box 2681

    Mr. Duan Shengli                              Grand Cayman KY1-1111

    Mr. Cheng Ching Kit                           Cayman Islands




2   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar
   and Transfer Office
Computershare Hong Kong Investor
  Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong


Auditors
Prism Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor


Legal Advisers
Sidley Austin


Principal Banks
Bank of China Limited
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
China Construction Bank Corporation
China Merchants Bank Co. Ltd.
Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.


Stock Code on Main Board of The Stock
   Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
6666


Company’s Website
www.evergrandeservice.com




                                                  2025 Annual Report   3
    Awards and Honours
    (Partial Extract)




     2025 Top 5 Listed Companies in Firm Scale of      2025 ESG Best Practice of China         No.4 Ranking in 2025 Top 100 Property
         China Property Management Service           Listed Property Management Service           Management Companies in China
                                                                 Companies




       2025 Top 100 High-quality Service Property   2025 Top 100 Brand Influential Property      2025 Leading Companies of China in
           Management Companies in China              Management Companies in China                 Property Service Satisfaction




         2025 Leading Property Management           2025 Top 20 Companies in Residential       2025 Featured Services Brand Property
        Companies of China in Red Community                    Property Service               Management Companies in China – Service
                        Service                                                                            Transparency




         2025 Independent Operative Leading          2025 Leading Property Management            2025 Leading Property Management
            Companies in Property Service           Companies of China in Smart Property         Companies of China in Value-added
                                                                   Service                               Services Operation




4   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
               2025 Best AI Pioneer Award for Omnichannel   2025 Tencent Smart Retail and Lifestyle
                       Digital Business Operations                   Industry Pioneer Partner




In 2025, Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (“Evergrande Property Services” or the “Company”,
together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) was honoured with numerous awards by Beijing Zhongwu Zhihui
Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“China Property Management Think Tank”) (北京中物智匯信息科技股
份公司), including “2025 Top 5 Listed Companies in Firm Scale of China Property Management Service”,
“2025 ESG Best Practice of China Listed Property Management Service Companies”. The subsidiaries of
the Company were honoured with numerous awards by China Property Management Think Tank, including
“No.4 Ranking in 2025 Top 100 Property Management Companies in China”, “2025 Top 100 High-quality
Service Property Management Companies in China”, “2025 Top 100 Brand Influential Property Management
Companies in China”, “2025 Leading Companies of China in Property Service Satisfaction”, “2025 Leading
Property Management Companies of China in Red Community Service ”, “2025 Top 20 Companies in
Residential Property Service”, “2025 Featured Services Brand Property Management Companies in China–
Service Transparency”, “2025 Independent Operative Leading Companies in Property Service”, “2025
Leading Property Management Companies of China in Smart Property Service”, and “2025 Leading Property
Management Companies of China in Value-added Services Operation”. The subsidiaries of the Company
have also been honoured with numerous awards from Tencent Cloud, including the “2025 Best AI Pioneer
Award for Omnichannel Digital Business Operations” and the “2025 Tencent Smart Retail and Lifestyle
Industry Pioneer Partner”.


                                                                                                2025 Annual Report   5
    Chairman’s Statement

    Dear Shareholders,

    On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company, I hereby present the
    annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Year”).


    Review of 2025
    Currently, the property management service industry is undergoing a profound transformation. On the one
    hand, policies are actively guiding property service enterprises to integrate into grassroots governance and
    urban services systems, and encouraging the development of the “property service + lifestyle services”
    model, promoting the transformation and upgrading of property service from traditional basic service
    providers to integrated service operators with broad development prospects. On the other hand, multiple
    challenges including upstream market adjustments, increasingly stringent regulation and rising demands
    of property owners, coupled with continuous increases in rigid costs, have prompted property service
    enterprises to shift from scale expansion to lean operation and strive to strike a balance between “cost
    reduction” and “quality improvement”. Overall, although the industry is under short-term pressure, it still
    demonstrates strong resilience and long-term potential.

    Nevertheless, in the course of this round of industry reshuffle and market restructuring, while bearing
    the common pressures faced by the industry, the Group is also confronted with more complex practical
    challenges. The continued transmission of risks from related parties has affected the conversion of certain
    projects and the profitability of relevant businesses, while also constraining brand development and market
    expansion. Meanwhile, the recovery cycle of trade receivables has lengthened, and the ageing structure
    remains unsatisfactory, further intensifying cash flow pressure of the Group.

    The interplay of internal and external factors continues to test the Group’s operational resilience, earnings
    quality and sustainable development capabilities. In the face of these numerous challenges, the Group has
    adhered to a long-term approach and remained firmly committed to follows a development path centred on
    quality and efficiency. We always take customers as the core to strengthen service quality, while continuously
    expand high-quality projects relying on professional capabilities and service reputation. We have also actively
    build a “property service + lifestyle service” ecosystem, integrating resources to foster new growth drivers.
    In addition, through organizational reform, lean cost management and comprehensive digital and intelligent
    transformation, we have reshaped our operating system and consolidated the foundation for development.
    With the joint efforts of all employees, the Company has steadily navigated through phased challenges and
    entered a new stage of higher quality and more sustainable development.




6   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
During the Year, the Group achieved operating revenue of approximately RMB13,677.6 million, representing
a year-on-year increase of approximately 7.2%; gross profit of approximately RMB2,504.6 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 2.5%; and net profit of approximately RMB1,009.1
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 2.2%. Profit attributable to owners of the
Company was approximately RMB986.6 million, with basic earnings per share of approximately RMB0.09.

Since 2021, due to the impact of the illegal misappropriation of huge amounts of funds of the Group by related
parties and other issues, the Group has encountered enormous operational pressure. Faced with these
challenges, the Group has faced difficulties head-on with the determination of a “game-changer (破局者)” and
has deeply promoted a profound operational transformation. Under the leadership of the management, we have
successfully resolved risks, and the Company’s cash flow has become increasingly robust, and its operating
conditions have continued to improve by adjusting the business structure, strengthening capital management and
control, and enhancing operational efficiency. As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s net current assets increased
significantly by approximately RMB5,537.7 million compared with the end of 2021, rebounding to approximately
RMB87.5 million and successfully turning from negative to positive. During the same period, cash and cash
equivalents also increased by approximately RMB3,059.4 million (an increase of approximately 270.7%) compared
with the end of 2021, reaching approximately RMB4,189.5 million. This series of achievements demonstrates the
Group’s outstanding operational resilience and strategic execution capabilities, and also consolidates the financial
foundation for sustainable development.

Take quality services as the foundation of our existence and consolidate the cornerstone of trust from
property owners. We always uphold our original aspiration of service, take value creation as the guide, and
integrate professional management and humanistic warmth into the entire service process. During the Year,
the Group focused on the three core themes of “renovated facilities, standardized services and zero-distance
communication” to deepen its practices and continuously enhance the quality of services. We continued to
advance the “home renewal (家園煥新)” plan by systematically upgrading community environments, elderly
and child-friendly facilities and intelligent systems, while regularly holding “equipment room open days”, so that
resource investment was effectively translated into “visible changes” for property owners, continuously deepening
the recognition of service value. Meanwhile, we further iterate the “closed-loop and implementable” standardized
service system and accelerated the replication and promotion of outstanding practices through activities such as
“service models around us”, achieving a leap in services from benchmark-demonstration to overall improvement.
While consolidating hardware infrastructure, we attached greater importance to the subtle influence of service
culture. By establishing a regular communication mechanism of “property owner meetings + home visits”, we
approached property owners to listen to their demands and respond to their concerns, enhancing trust and
building consensus through two-way interaction. In addition, the Group continuously optimized the public area
revenue management norms and adhered to the principle of “transparent, clear, and compliant use” to build a
solid foundation of trust through a transparent mechanism. We are committed to integrating high-quality services
into daily life and building a warm and harmonious ideal homeland together with property owners.

                                                                                                2025 Annual Report     7
    Leverage quality services to generate a reputation effect and achieve simultaneous growth in scale
    and efficiency. Led by the “1+4+N” brand strategy, the Group has established six product matrices covering
    diversified scenarios, forming a pattern of coordinated development between residential and professional
    formats. Relying on solid product and service capabilities, we have continuously deepened the layout of high-
    value business formats and achieved sustained breakthroughs in commercial and office buildings, industrial
    parks, rail transport, hospitals and schools, city public services and other sectors. Through the development
    of benchmark projects and implementation of lean operations, we have promoted synchronous improvement
    in scale and efficiency. During the Year, the Group’s cumulative newly signed contracted gross floor area
    (“GFA”) from third parties amounted to approximately 45 million, with contracted annual saturated revenue
    exceeding RMB1.1 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 7.3%. The entry rate of
    newly signed projects in 2025 reached as high as 92.1%, effectively contributing to the Group’s cash flow
    and profit in the short term. Among newly signed projects, the annual saturated revenue of non-residential
    projects amounted to approximately RMB880 million, accounting for approximately 80%. Of these, annual
    saturated revenue from rail transport business formats stood at approximately RMB100 million, representing
    a year-on-year increase of approximately 248.6%, with the successful implementation of benchmark
    projects such as highway service areas in Fujian and Guizhou; annual saturated revenue from the hospitals
    and schools business formats amounted to approximately RMB170 million, representing a year-on-year
    increase of approximately 54.0%, with the successful implementation of benchmark projects such as Eastern
    Institute of Technology, Ningbo and The Second People’s Hospital of Jingdezhen; further strengthening the
    professional competitiveness and brand influence in the multi-format sectors and laying a solid foundation for
    the Group’s high-quality development.

    Expand the value chain around the core needs of property owners and meet expectations for a
    better life through diversified services. The Group focuses on the two core business lines of community
    living and asset management, and continuously deepens the layout of value-added services through service
    upgrading and professional operation. In terms of community living services, resource integration has been
    strengthened relying on the intelligent operation system, and the coverage and efficiency of convenient
    facilities such as intelligent charging piles and direct drinking water stations have both been improved, with
    revenue reaching approximately nearly RMB150 million in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of
    about 36.8%. Meanwhile, the Group has deeply operated high-stickiness scenarios including community
    group-buying and to-home services, and built a trust moat through self-operation mode. In 2025, group-
    buying revenue amounted to nearly RMB500 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
    8.5%, and to-home service revenue reached nearly RMB100 million, representing a year-on-year increase
    of approximately 39.9%, achieving a win-win situation between customer experience and commercial




8   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
value. Furthermore, featuring butler accompaniment, the Group fully launched community tourism services
in 2025, serving more than 90,000 customers cumulatively throughout the year and generating revenue of
nearly RMB40 million, which has become a new growth driver for living services segment. In terms of asset
management, the property leasing and sales business deeply taps into community resources adhering to the
philosophy of “professionalism, service and integration”. For the full year of 2025, the total transaction volume
exceeded RMB6.9 billion, with revenue surpassing RMB100 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of approximately 42.1%. We are committed to building trust with professionalism and creating connections
with services, and continuously driving the evolution of property services towards a warm community
comprehensive service ecosystem.

Deepen the digital and intelligent transformation to achieve a leap from efficiency improvement to
product output. The Group is committed to advancing the digital and intelligent transformation, focusing
on optimizing operational efficiency and enhancing customer experience, and continuously promoting
technological iteration. The Group has successfully built an integrated platform covering all scenarios of
property services and developed a series of digital and intelligent products that directly address industry pain
points: the launch of the “Xuanlan” AI Quality Inspection System enables real-time insight and comprehensive
perception of customer needs, achieving “resolving hot issues before complaints are filed” with a processing
efficiency increase of over 70%, and automatically generating satisfaction evaluations to form a closed-
loop management cycle; through the construction of the “Yingchuo Service Cloud” integrated management
platform, the entire chain of business, finance and tax is connected to ensure that all revenues are fully
collected (顆粒歸倉); in the field of community value-added services, with the help of SaaS service platforms
such as “Evergrande optimization”, “Shansong”, “Baiju Charging” and “Zhiquan” as well as the built-in
automatic commission settlement mechanism, all employees are motivated to participate in promotion,
expanding a second source of income for the Company; ScienceSea intelligent IoT Platform, through
lightweight hardware and software integrated solutions, enhances safety efficiency and reduces operational
costs by unifying digital and intelligent management and AI active supervision.




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report    9
     As of now, the relevant digital and intelligent applications have covered over 90% of the management
     area of the Group, reaching nearly 100,000 employees and more than 4 million households of property
     owners. Through such a large-scale practical application, profound scenario understanding and operational
     experience have been accumulated. Based on this, the Group has officially established a technology
     service company to restructure internal systems into standardized and productized ones, and meticulously
     developed the “Yingchuo Service Cloud” and “Xuanlan” series of products, helping small and medium-
     sized property service enterprises transitioning to new quality productive forces. These systems are stable,
     practical and flexible in adaptation, capable of meeting the needs of diverse business formats and scenarios.
     In the first year of external empowerment, nearly 150 external property service enterprises were signed up,
     successfully achieving the strategic leap from internal value verification to industry empowerment.

     Supported by talent development and organizational evolution, we fully activate the driving force for
     the Company’s development. We are firmly committed to the talent strategy of “empowering the frontline
     and achieving success for the frontline (賦能一線、成就一線)”. Through a combination of the recognition
     system and promotion mechanism, we have commended and promoted thousands of outstanding frontline
     employees, ensuring their contributions are seen and appreciated. Meanwhile, we focus on cultivating
     versatile service teams with “one expertise and comprehensive capabilities (一專多能)”. Through systematic
     training, job rotation and practical refinement, we help employees broaden their competency boundaries,
     enhance comprehensive on-site problem-solving capabilities and rapid response abilities. In addition, the
     Company continues to drive organizational efficiency improvement. By innovating the “all-round butler”
     service model, deepening functional intensification and process digitalization and intelligentization, we have
     built a flat and agile organizational system to achieve precise resource allocation and operational efficiency
     improvement. Ultimately, driven by the dual wheels of “human development” and “organizational evolution”,
     we inject sustained momentum into the high-quality development of the Group.

     Actively fulfill social responsibilities and continuously enhance corporate value. The Group persists
     in pursuing development under the guidance of party building, deeply integrating social responsibility into
     corporate operations. In 2025, we effectively addressed key demands of property owners and successfully
     turned community governance difficulties into service highlights recognized by the public by organizing nearly
     3,000 multi-party joint meetings each quarter. Meanwhile, we continued to launch convenience services and
     public welfare activities, holding more than 35,000 themed activities and 15,000 public welfare campaigns
     during the Year, serving people’s livelihood through practical action and giving back to society. Responding
     positively to the call of “10,000 Enterprises Vitalize 10,000 Villages (萬企興萬村)” , the Group assisted rural
     revitalization and increased farmers’ revenue through agricultural consumption support, generating nearly
     RMB70 million in revenue for farmers during the Year. We uphold our original aspiration with responsibility,
     fulfill our commitments through service, and continuously enhance corporate value.




10   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Outlook for 2026
We will keep moving forward and embrace a promising future. The Group takes sound operation as the
foundation and high-quality development as the guideline. By deepening service value, strengthening market
expansion and promoting innovation in technology and talent in a coordinated manner, we will continue to
enhance our core competitiveness and comprehensive value. We will forge ahead firmly amid opportunities
and challenges and strive for long-term development.


Enhance service value and build a better living environment.
We have closely aligned with customer’s needs, systematically enhancing living quality through the “home
renewal” initiative. By focusing on efficiency-enhancing nodes along the service value chain, we have
reshaped the service standard system via digital intelligence, establishing closed-loop service covering
problem identification, prompt response and outcome tracking, thereby winning customers’ long-term trust
through high-quality service. Meanwhile, we have continued to promote transparency in property service,
adhering to the principle of “proactive disclosure and transparent income and expenditure”. Standardized
and institutionalized transparent operations safeguard property owners’ legitimate rights and interests,
further strengthening the foundation of trust. On this basis, we have actively cultivated a community cultural
ecosystem, activating neighborhood connections through diverse activities and community cultivation,
and upgrading property services from basic management to humanistic community operation. This has
transformed neighborhood relations from “physical proximity” to “spiritual resonance”, truly realizing co-
governance and sharing with property owners. In addition, we will focus on high-potential scenarios such as
community group-buying, housing leasing and sales, to-home services and community tourism, stimulate the
participation of the entire organization in business collaboration, and refine product capabilities through self-
operation mode to meet customers’ needs for a better life, achieving a comprehensive upgrading from space
maintenance to lifestyle operation.




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report    11
     Take quality as the foundation, drive word-of-mouth expansion, and lead the high-quality growth of
     scale.
     The Group adheres to the core principle of “quality takes precedence over scale”. Relying on its professional
     brand strengths in vertical sectors, the Group focuses on nurturing business experts and market pioneers,
     establishing a talent expert pool, and continuously enhancing its influence in the industry. Meanwhile, it
     deepens strategic cooperation with major clients, and leverages professional capabilities and local resources
     to further develop high-value segmented markets including hospitals, schools, industrial parks and rail
     transit, establishing industry benchmarks. With excellent services, the Group gains profound recognition
     from property owners and customers, thereby activating the “reputation communication chain” comprising
     employees, property owners and partners, and converting each high-quality experience into proactive
     brand promotion momentum. In terms of management, the Group implements the strategy of “expanding
     quality projects and phasing out inferior ones (拓優逐劣) ”. It guides the expansion of quality projects
     through the establishment of a competitive long-term incentive mechanism, and prudently adjusts low-
     quality and inefficient projects with no room for optimization based on a scientific comprehensive project
     evaluation system, continuously enhancing the quality of the projects under management. This forms a
     sound circulation of “targeted expansion – lean operation – value feedback”, which continuously promotes
     the coordinated improvement of scale, efficiency and brand reputation, and achieves a sound development
     pattern of coordinated expansion and clustered layout of multi-format businesses in various regions.


     Deepen digital and intelligent integration and reshape the business core and industrial value through the
     power of technology.
     The Group will continue to uphold the mission of “Empowering management with technology, driving growth
     with data, and returning service to human-centric warmth”. Focusing on the three directions of “AI-driven,
     data integration and management efficiency improvement”, the Group will further deepen the integrated
     innovation of artificial intelligence and property scenarios, and build an industry-leading digital and intelligent
     product matrix. The Group will focus on building an artificial intelligence product system represented by
     “Xuanlan”, empower frontline operations with AI, enable technology to serve as an “intelligent assistant” for
     employees, and free up manpower to focus on offering more heartfelt services. In product development, we
     will accelerate the standardization and commercialization implementation, meticulously refine the “Yingchuo
     Service Cloud” series of products, achieve the value transformation from “operating projects” to “operating
     capabilities”, and complete the strategic upgrade from service output to solution empowerment, striving to
     become the preferred partner for digital and intelligent transformation in the property industry.




12   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Stimulate organizational vitality and drive the doubled growth of endogenous impetus and agile
efficiency.
The Group has always taken “focusing on the frontline (向一線)” as its service foundation, and closely
promoted management reforms around service touchpoints. Through job sorting and functional restructuring,
a flat and agile structure is established; and with the digital dashboard of human resource efficiency, the
matching of personnel to positions is dynamically optimized to ensure the right people are assigned to the
right roles. On this basis, we use talent portraits to accurately identify potential talents, cultivate versatile
capabilities through cross-regional job rotation, and meanwhile achieve precise talent introduction and
reserve through industry-education integration, building a high-potential talent pool for key positions. We
also firmly implement the dynamic rotation and merit-based selection and elimination mechanism for cadres,
namely “the capable are promoted, the mediocre are demoted (能者上、庸者下)”, to continuously stimulate
the vitality of the talent echelon and support the Group in achieving the synchronous enhancement of service
capability and industrial value.

The Group will continue to take “customer satisfaction” as the fundamental principle, continuously refine
property services and consolidate the foundation of brand trust; take “professional deep cultivation (專業深耕)”
as the direction, actively expand community living and asset management services, and optimize business
structure and profit model; take “lean operation” as the support, accelerate market expansion, increase the
reserve of quality projects, and strengthen core competitiveness driven by the dual wheels of talent and
technology. Through the in-depth integration of brand, quality, talent, operation and technology, the Group
will forge a growth path of “refining services, broadening ecology and strengthening capabilities”, and march
toward a higher-quality, more resilient and long-term future.

The higher the mountain, the more climbers there will be; the longer the journey, the more it rewards those
who persevere (山高自有行者,路遠不負篤行). On behalf of the Board, I sincerely thank all colleagues and the
management team for their concerted efforts and unwavering commitment along the way. Let us continue
to unite with one heart and one mind, driven by firm conviction and concrete actions, jointly usher in a new
chapter of high-quality and sustainable development. I also extend my sincere gratitude to all shareholders
and stakeholders for their trust and support.




Duan Shengli
Chairman of the Board

Hong Kong, 27 March 2026



                                                                                              2025 Annual Report    13
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Financial Review
     Revenue
     The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from four business segments: (i) property management services;
     (ii) community living services; (iii) asset management services; and (iv) community operation services. For
     the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s total revenue was approximately RMB13,677.6 million,
     representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 7.2%.

     The following table sets out a breakdown of revenue by business segment of the Group for the periods
     indicated:

                                            For the year ended              For the year ended
                                             31 December 2025              31 December 2024

                                                       Percentage                     Percentage
                                                            of total                       of total
                                            Revenue        revenue         Revenue        revenue      Growth rate
                                          (RMB’000)                (%)   (RMB’000)               (%)           (%)

     Property management services         11,498,178           84.1      10,688,681          83.8              7.6
       – Basic property management
             services                     11,469,695           83.9      10,591,066          83.0              8.3
       – Value-added services to
             non-property owners              28,483               0.2      97,615               0.8         -70.8
     Community living services             1,008,788               7.4     910,983               7.1         10.7
     Asset management services               797,635               5.8     776,780               6.1           2.7
     Community operation services            373,022               2.7     380,243               3.0          -1.9

     Total                                13,677,623          100.0      12,756,687         100.0              7.2




14   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
(i)   Property management services
During the Year, revenue from property management services amounted to approximately RMB11,498.2
million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 7.6%. Among them:

1.    Revenue from basic property management services amounted to approximately RMB11,469.7 million,
      representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 8.3%, mainly due to (i) the increase in the GFA
      under management by the Group; and (ii) the promotion of fee collection through services, continuous
      improvement of service quality and reduction of high-risk customers.

      As of 31 December 2025, the Group had a total GFA under management of approximately 601 million
      sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 22.0 million sq.m. as compared with the total GFA
      under management of approximately 579 million sq.m. as of 31 December 2024.

      During the Year, (i) due to the principle of prudence, the Group recognized revenue from basic
      property management services on the basis of the consideration expected to be received for the
      provision of property management services to customers. For certain third-party customers with
      significantly increased credit risk, the Group has not recognized revenue for the portion of the
      consideration from those customers for which the Group has fulfilled its performance obligations but
      has not yet collected the consideration, taking into account their willingness to pay the consideration
      when the consideration was overdue; and (ii) considering the status of related parties, the Group’s
      revenue from property management services during the Year excluded revenue from basic property
      management services such as management of vacant properties relating to related parties of
      approximately RMB510.1 million based on the principle of robustness.




                                                                                          2025 Annual Report    15
             The following table sets out the revenue from basic property management services by business
             segment of the Group for the periods indicated:

                                              For the year ended             For the year ended
                                              31 December 2025              31 December 2024

                                                         Percentage                    Percentage
                                                               of total                     of total
             Project Sources                  Revenue          revenue      Revenue        revenue      Growth rate
                                            (RMB’000)              (%)    (RMB’000)               (%)           (%)

             Residential/
               commercial, etc.              9,522,153            83.0     8,808,237            83.2            8.1
             Public construction
               projects/City public
               service, etc.                 1,947,542            17.0     1,782,829            16.8            9.2

             Total                         11,469,695            100.0    10,591,066           100.0            8.3


     2.      During the Year, revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was approximately
             RMB28.5 million.

     (ii)    Community living services
     During the Year, revenue from community living services amounted to approximately RMB1,008.8 million,
     representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 10.7%, mainly due to: (i) focusing on the indoor
     service needs of property owners and expanding the product categories and service scale of to-home
     services; (ii) expanding the business scale and increasing operating revenue in response to the demand of
     property owners for direct drinking water and new energy charging; (iii) expanding the coverage of cultural
     and tourism services to drive revenue growth; and (iv) optimizing the supply chain and service capabilities of
     the community retail business, adding high-frequency and rigid-demand product categories to drive steady
     revenue growth.


     (iii)   Asset management services
     During the Year, revenue from asset management services amounted to approximately RMB797.6 million,
     representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 2.7%, mainly due to the Group’s reliance on the
     advantages of community resources, optimization of the professional service team, promotion of the in-depth
     integration of asset management and property services, enhancement of customer satisfaction and business
     conversion rate through differentiated services, thereby driving steady revenue growth.




16   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
(iv)    Community operation services
During the Year, revenue from community operation services amounted to approximately RMB373.0 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 1.9%, mainly due to the impact of the external market
environment, contraction in merchants’ demand for community marketing and venue cooperation, and a
decline in core business revenue.

The table below sets out a breakdown of revenue by source of the Group’s revenue for the periods indicated:

                                For the year ended                For the year ended
                                31 December 2025                  31 December 2024

                                             Percentage                       Percentage
                                                  of total                        of total
 Revenue sources                Revenue          revenue          Revenue        revenue      Growth rate
                              (RMB’000)                (%)      (RMB’000)               (%)             (%)

Related parties                     32,332             0.2         86,806               0.7          -62.8
Third parties                 13,645,291             99.8      12,669,881              99.3            7.7

Total                         13,677,623            100.0      12,756,687          100.0               7.2


Cost of sales
The Group’s cost of sales include staff costs, greening and cleaning costs, facilities and equipment repair
and maintenance costs, energy costs, procurement costs of value-added business, taxes and other levies.

During the Year, the Group ’ s cost of sales increased by approximately 8.3% from approximately
RMB10,313.3 million for 2024 to approximately RMB11,173.0 million for 2025, mainly due to: (i) the
expansion of the Group’s GFA under management; (ii) the enhancement of the quality of services and the
continuous increase in investment in the projects under management in terms of facility and equipment
renewal and renovation, environmental enhancement, greening upgrade and lighting projects; (iii) organize
diverse community cultural activities to enhance customer engagement; and (iv) increased procurement
costs as a result of the vigorous development of community living services.




                                                                                          2025 Annual Report   17
     Gross profit and gross profit margin
     The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin by business
     segments for the periods indicated:

                                                  For the year ended                    For the year ended
                                                  31 December 2025                     31 December 2024

                                                                 Gross profit                         Gross profit
                                              Gross profit            margin        Gross profit             margin
                                                (RMB’000)                 (%)         (RMB’000)                 (%)

     Property management services                1,753,394               15.2        1,707,227                 16.0
          – Basic property management
              services                           1,750,781               15.3        1,698,338                 16.0
          – Value-added services to
              non-property owners                    2,613                9.2             8,889                 9.1
     Community living services                     212,487               21.1          203,112                 22.3
     Asset management services                     388,798               48.7          380,389                 49.0
     Community operation services                  149,927               40.2          152,709                 40.2

     Total                                       2,504,606               18.3        2,443,437                 19.2


     During the Year, the Group’s overall gross profit was approximately RMB2,504.6 million, with a gross profit
     margin of approximately 18.3%, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 0.9 percentage
     point.

     1.       In respect of property management services, the gross profit margin decreased by approximately
              0.8 percentage point from approximately 16.0% in 2024 to approximately 15.2% in 2025. Among
              which, the gross profit margin from basic property management services decreased by approximately
              0.7 percentage point from approximately 16.0% in 2024 to approximately 15.3% in 2025, mainly
              due to the Group’s focus on enhancing service quality and increased investment in projects under
              management in respect of renewal and renovation of facilities and equipment, environmental
              improvement, greening upgrade and lighting projects.

     2.       In respect of community living services, the gross profit margin decreased by approximately 1.2
              percentage points from approximately 22.3% in 2024 to approximately 21.1% in 2025, mainly due to: (i)
              increased procurement of equipment such as charging piles and water dispensers; and (ii) increased
              investment in supply chain and intelligent digital platform construction to consolidate the advantages
              of the community group-buying business.



18   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
3.    In respect of asset management services, the gross profit margin decreased by approximately 0.3
      percentage point from approximately 49.0% in 2024 to approximately 48.7% in 2025, mainly due to:
      (i) an increase in business costs arising from the adjustment of commercial terms for the car parking
      space leasing business in accordance with market principles; and (ii) increased investment in the
      upgrading of intelligent digital service platforms to further enhance customer experience.

4.    In respect of community operation services, the gross profit margin was 40.2%, unchanged from the
      previous year. The Company maintained a stable gross profit margin by optimizing resource allocation,
      enhancing operational efficiency and strictly controlling costs, which offset the impact of contracted
      market demand.

Administrative and marketing expenses
During the Year, the Group’s administrative and marketing expenses decreased by approximately 3.4% from
approximately RMB975.4 million in 2024 to approximately RMB942.2 million in 2025, mainly due to: (i) the
Group’s continuous cost reduction and efficiency enhancement with strict control of administrative expenses;
and (ii) legal proceedings costs and tax late payment incurred in 2024 in relation to the enforcement by
relevant banks of the pledge of RMB13.4 billion deposits (the “Deposit Pledge Incident”), for which there
were no related expenses in during the Year.


Other income
During the Year, the Group’s other income amounted to approximately RMB104.2 million, representing a
year-on-year decrease of approximately 43.7% from approximately RMB185.3 million in 2024, mainly due to:
(i) a decrease in tax preferential policy subsidies and government grants compared with the corresponding
period in 2024; and (ii) deduction of relevant consideration in respect of certain acquired companies failing to
meet performance guarantees in 2024, for which there was no related income during the Year.


Other losses
During the Year, the Group’s net other losses amounted to approximately RMB31.3 million, representing a
decrease of approximately RMB16.9 million compared with approximately RMB48.2 million in 2024. This
was mainly due to a decrease in impairment losses on goodwill and intangible assets during the Year.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report    19
     Income tax expenses
     During the Year, the Group ’ s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB348.6 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately 7.1% from approximately RMB375.3 million in 2024, mainly due to
     a decrease in profit before tax recorded during the Year compared with 2024.


     Profit for the year
     During the Year, the Group’s net profit amounted to approximately RMB1,009.1 million, representing a
     decrease of approximately 2.2% from approximately RMB1,032.0 million in 2024. The net profit margin was
     approximately 7.4%, representing a decrease of approximately 0.7 percentage point from approximately 8.1%
     in 2024.

     During the Year, profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB986.6 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately 3.4% from approximately RMB1,021.0 million in 2024.


     Property and equipment
     The Group’s property and equipment mainly comprises buildings, machinery, vehicles, furniture, fixtures and
     equipment.

     As at 31 December 2025, the net carrying value of property and equipment of the Group amounted to
     approximately RMB82.0 million, representing an increase of approximately 20.7% from approximately
     RMB67.9 million as at 31 December 2024.


     Intangible assets
     The Group’s intangible assets comprise computer software, property management contracts and customer
     relationships, and goodwill.

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s intangible assets amounted to approximately RMB1,380.0 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately RMB118.3 million from approximately RMB1,498.3 million as at 31
     December 2024, mainly due to amortization and impairment of approximately RMB116.9 million recognized
     during the Year in respect of goodwill, property management contracts and customer relationships of
     acquired subsidiaries in previous years.




20   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Trade and other receivables
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s trade receivables amounted to approximately RMB2,650.8 million,
representing an increase of approximately RMB64.4 million from approximately RMB2,586.4 million as at 31
December 2024, mainly due to the expansion of the scale under management of the Group, resulting in an
increase in the balance of trade receivables.

The Group’s other receivables decreased by approximately RMB46.2 million from approximately RMB565.9
million as at 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB519.7 million as at 31 December 2025, mainly due
to: (i) a decrease in advances made on behalf of property owners and third parties; and (ii) the Group’s
successful litigation in relation to the Deposit Pledge Incident and the recovery of approximately RMB24.0
million in acceptance fees advanced earlier for certain cases that had become effective during the Year.


Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables comprise trade payables, provisional receipts, deposits payable, consideration
payable for mergers and acquisition, wages and benefits payable, dividends payable, tax payable and
estimated liabilities.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s trade payables amounted to approximately RMB1,887.3 million,
representing an increase of approximately RMB120.6 million from approximately RMB1,766.7 million as at 31
December 2024, mainly due to the expansion of GFA under management and the increase in related trade
payables for material procurement, maintenance works and so on for service quality enhancement.

Other payables decreased by approximately RMB386.8 million from approximately RMB2,531.3 million as
at 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB2,144.5 million as at 31 December 2025 (of which long-term
payables of approximately RMB75.0 million and current payables of approximately RMB2,069.5 million),
mainly due to a decrease in the Group’s payment of the consideration for business combinations and
transactions with third parties in prior years.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   21
     Contract liabilities
     Contract liabilities mainly arose from prepayments made by customers yet to be provided such as property
     management services, community living services, asset management services and community operation
     services. As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s contract liabilities amounted to approximately RMB2,623.7
     million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB131.3 million from approximately RMB2,755.0 million
     as at 31 December 2024, mainly due to a decrease in the prepayment for property service fees.


     Current tax liabilities
     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s current tax liabilities amounted to approximately RMB813.1 million,
     representing an increase of approximately RMB352.0 million from approximately RMB461.1 million as at 31
     December 2024, mainly due to the increase in income tax liabilities arising from the profit during the Year.


     Liquidity and financial resources
     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s total bank deposits and cash (including cash and cash equivalents
     and restricted cash of the Group) amounted to approximately RMB4,310.5 million, representing an increase
     of approximately RMB1,475.6 million from approximately RMB2,834.9 million as at 31 December 2024,
     mainly due to the increase in net cash inflows generated from operating activities of the Group during the
     Year.

     Of the Group’s total bank deposits and cash, restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB120.9 million
     mainly represented the industry regulatory funds of Evergrande Insurance Agency Co., Ltd., deposits for the
     provision of property management services as required by local government authorities, cash restricted to
     projects managed on a remuneration basis only and funds for litigation preservation of some subsidiaries.

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s net current assets amounted to approximately RMB87.5 million (as
     at 31 December 2024: net current liabilities of approximately RMB968.6 million). The Group’s current ratio
     (current assets/current liabilities) was approximately 1.01 times (as at 31 December 2024: 0.87 times).

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any borrowings. Accordingly, the gearing ratio (calculated
     as total borrowings divided by total equity at the dates indicated) as at 31 December 2025 was nil (31
     December 2024: nil).




22   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Major Risks and Uncertainties
The major risks and uncertainties faced by the Group are set forth below. Such factors are not exhaustive
and therefore other risks and uncertainties may also exist.


Industry risks
The operation of the Group may be affected by the regulatory landscape of the industry and related
measures. The main reason is that the fees charged by property management companies for management
services are strictly monitored and supervised by relevant regulatory authorities. The business performance
of the Group depends on the contracted GFA, the chargeable GFA under management and the number
of projects under management, but the business growth are affected and will likely continue to be affected
by the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) government’s regulations on the industry where the Group
belongs.


Business risks
The Group’s ability to maintain or improve its current profit level depends on whether it can maintain or
increase its current scale and effectively control operating costs. Affected by market conditions and related
party issues, the Group may be unable to recover property service fees and other related revenue from
customers, which may result in impairment losses on receivables; the Group cannot guarantee that it will
obtain new property service contracts in accordance with its plans or on suitable terms and at suitable
prices; the winding-up of the controlling shareholder may also lead to a change in the control of the
Company, which may affect the stability of the Company’s management team. In addition, the Group’s profit
margin and operating results may be materially and adversely affected by an increase in labour costs or other
operating costs. All the above factors may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial
position and operating results.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   23
     Risks arising from related party issues
     Affected by the liquidation of the controlling shareholder and the progress of its asset disposal, the Group
     may face the termination of certain preliminary property service contracts, may fail to realize the timely and
     effective conversion of contracted GFA, and changes to the business models of certain related party relevant
     businesses may result in a decline in the profitability of such businesses. Meanwhile, the promotion and
     sale of wealth management products to property owners by related parties in the past may have involved
     certain subsidiaries and employees of the Company. As certain wealth management products were overdue
     for payment, some employees had assisted relevant authorities in investigations. Issues such as the non-
     performance of property service fee commitments during related party property promotion activities have
     directly affected property owners’ willingness to pay, adversely impacting the collection of property service
     fees from property owners and the recovery of receivables by the Company. As at the date hereof, the Board
     is still unable to accurately assess the specific impact that the above matters may have on the Group. The
     Company will continue to follow up on the matters and discharge its disclosure obligations in a timely manner
     in accordance with the Listing Rules.


     Foreign exchange risks
     The business of the Group is mainly located in PRC. Save for bank deposits denominated in foreign
     currencies, there is no major direct exchange rate fluctuation risk faced by the Group. During the Year, the
     Directors expected that the RMB exchange rate would not have a material adverse effect on the operations
     of the Group. Currently, the Group has not entered into contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange
     risk, but the management will continue to monitor foreign exchange risks and adopt prudent measures to
     reduce potential exchange risks.




24   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Risk of unrecoverable material losses
The Group has incurred significant losses (the “Losses”) as a result of the Deposit Pledge Incident, which
had been fully provided for as impairment losses in 2021. The Group has filed proceedings against the China
Evergrande Group (in liquidation) (“China Evergrande Group”) and the relevant responsible parties for the
recovery of Losses with the Guangzhou Intermediate People’s Court of Guangdong Province in the PRC and
obtained court judgements that the China Evergrande Group and the relevant responsible parties (except for
Guangzhou Xinyuan) shall repay the deposit pledge amount and interest losses and bear the case handling
fee. Among them, the judgements of Evergrande Hengkang 1.7 billion Proceeding, Evergrande Hengkang
1 billion Proceeding, Jinbi Hengying 1 billion Proceeding, Jinbi Hengying 0.7 billion Proceeding and Jinbi
Property 2 billion Proceeding have become effective and the remaining cases are under appeal. The Group
will make every effort to promote the enforcement work in accordance with the effective judgments of the
court. However, subject to the current status of the China Evergrande Group and the relevant responsible
parties, there are still material uncertainties as to the amount of Losses that could be recovered by the
Group, and the Company will keep the market informed of any progress in a timely manner by way of
publication of further announcement(s).


Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no pledged assets.


Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


Employees and Remuneration Policy
As of 31 December 2025, the Group had 100,567 employees. During the Year, the total staff costs were
approximately RMB6,717.7 million.

The employees were remunerated in accordance with the Group’s remuneration and welfare policies with
reference to the positions of employees, performance, profitability of the Company, industry level and market
environment.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   25
     The Group has to participate in social insurance contribution plans or other retirement plans organized
     by local governments, and make contributions to social insurance funds monthly on behalf of employees
     for the payment of pension funds, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance,
     unemployment insurance and housing provident funds, or make contributions to mandatory provident fund
     for employees regularly.


     Staff Training and Development
     Based on the three-level training mechanism of “headquarters-region-project”, the Group is committed
     to implementing a 3-year campus recruitment programme for management trainees, trainings for new
     employees and key talent trainings. The Group organizes and conducts trainings on various professional
     skills, general aptitude, management ability and corporate culture in accordance with our business
     development needs and employee career planning, in order to improve the comprehensive quality and work
     capabilities of employees.

     During the Year, all staff participated in training, with a total of 0.70 million hours of training and an average of
     7.0 hours of training per person.


     Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries,
     Associates and Joint Ventures
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any significant investment, material
     acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.


     Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets
     As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no specific future plans for material investments or capital assets.




26   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Directors and Senior Management

Executive Directors
Mr. Duan Shengli (段勝利), aged 43, was appointed as an executive Director on 22 July 2022. He is also
the chairman of the Board and the chairman of the nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination
Committee”).

Mr. Duan has over 20 years of experience in the development, operation of real estate projects and property
management. Mr. Duan joined China Evergrande Group in July 2005 and has served in various positions,
including the chairman of the Beijing company of Evergrande Real Estate Group, chairman of the Henan
company of Evergrande Real Estate Group, chairman of Fairyland Creative Design Group. Mr. Duan is
currently a president of the Group.

Mr. Duan obtained his bachelor’s degree from Tsinghua University in July 2005.

Mr. Han Chao (韓超), aged 37, was appointed as an executive Director on 21 June 2023. He is also a
member of the remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”).

Mr. Han joined the Group in January 2015 and has served as assistant general manager of the project
of Jinbi Property Guangzhou branch, deputy director of the quality management department of property
management center, assistant general manager of the property management center, assistant general
manager of the Group and deputy general manager of the Group. Mr. Han is currently the general manager
of the Group, he also holds directorships in several subsidiaries of the Company.

Mr. Han obtained a bachelor’s degree from Fudan University in July 2011.

Mr. Hu Xu (胡旭), aged 38, was appointed as an executive Director on 21 June 2023.

Mr. Hu joined the Group in August 2010 and had served in various positions, including general manager of
the legal and contract center of the headquarters of the Group, and assistant general manager of the Group.
Mr. Hu is currently the deputy general manager of the Group, director of the Board Office and joint company
secretary of the Company. He also holds directorships in several subsidiaries of the Company.

Mr. Hu obtained a bachelor’s degree from Huangshan University in July 2009.




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   27
     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Sang Quan (桑權), aged 36, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 21 June 2023.

     Mr. Sang joined Evergrande Real Estate Group in July 2013 and had served in various positions, including
     project management engineer at the management and supervision center of Evergrande Real Estate Group,
     secretary to the executive vice president of human resources and administration center of Evergrande
     Real Estate Group, general manager of the Guangzhou Panyu project of the Pearl River Delta company
     of Evergrande Real Estate Group, and executive deputy general manager of the Guangdong company
     of Evergrande Automobile Industry Park Group. Mr. Sang is currently a deputy general manager of the
     Guangdong company of Evergrande Real Estate Group.

     Mr. Sang obtained a bachelor’s degree from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in July 2013.

     Mr. Lin Wuchang (林五昌), aged 50, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 21 June 2023.

     Mr. Lin joined Evergrande Real Estate Group in January 2010 and had served in various positions, including
     manager of engineering department of the Guangdong company of Evergrande Real Estate Group, deputy
     manager and manager of various project engineering departments, engineering director of the urban renewal
     company, and deputy general manager of the Jiangmen project of the Shenzhen company of Evergrande
     Real Estate Group. Mr. Lin is currently the regional manager of Zhuhai of the Shenzhen company of
     Evergrande Real Estate Group.

     Mr. Lin obtained a bachelor’s degree from Chang’an University in July 2000.


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Peng Liaoyuan (彭燎原), aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
     9 February 2022. He is also a member of each of the audit committee of the Company (the “ Audit
     Committee”) and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Peng is responsible for providing independent advice on
     the operation and management of the Board.




28   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Mr. Peng is a practicing lawyer in the PRC. Mr. Peng has over 30 years of experience in legal matters and is
currently a senior partner of Guangdong Lianyue Law Firm (廣東連越律師事務所). Mr. Peng is also currently
appointed as an external director of Guangdong Rising Holding Group Co., Ltd. (廣東省廣晟控股集團有限公
司), Guangzhou Pearl River Enterprises Group Ltd. (廣州珠江實業集團有限公司), Guangzhou Light Industry,
Trade Group Co., Ltd. (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司) and an independent director of Guangzhou CanSemi
Technology Inc.(粵芯半導體股份有限公司). Mr. Peng was previously an external director of Guangdong
Environmental Protection Group Co., Ltd. (廣東省環保集團有限公司) and Guangzhou Digital Technology
Group Co., Ltd. (廣州數字科技集團有限公司), and an independent director of Daye Trust Co., Ltd. (大業信
託有限責任公司), Shenzhen Prolto Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市普路通供應鏈管理股份有限
公司) (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 002769), and Wanlian Securities Co.,
Ltd. (萬聯證券股份有限公司).

Mr. Peng obtained his bachelor’s degree in the School of Political Science and Law of South China Normal
University in 1992.

Ms. Wen Yanhong (文艷紅), aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 19
November 2021. She is also the chairman of the Audit Committee, and a member of the Remuneration
Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company. Ms. Wen is responsible for providing
independent advice on the operation and management of the Board.

Ms. Wen is a certified public accountant in the PRC with over 20 years of experience in accounting
and auditing. Ms. Wen was involved in the audit work of several companies listed in the PRC. Ms. Wen
successively served as a partner at Guangzhou Erxiang Accounting Firm (廣州而翔會計師事務所), Tianjian
Accounting Firm Guangdong Branch (天健會計師事務所廣東分所), Da Hua CPA (大華會計師事務所) (Special
General Partnership), Beijing Dehao International Certified Public Accountants (北京德皓國際會計師事務所)
(Special General Partnership) from November 2012 to October 2024 and has been a partner of Guangzhou
Haoyuan Accounting Firm Limited (廣州皓源會計師事務所有限公司) since November 2024. Ms. Wen is also
a certified tax accountant in the PRC. She has been the legal representative and the chief taxation officer of
Guangzhou Hangyun Tax Advisers Co., Ltd (廣州衡運稅務師事務所有限公司) since February 2017 and was
a finance expert in Guangdong Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd. (廣東股權交易中心股份有限公司).

Ms. Wen graduated from the Guilin Institute of Electronic Technology (桂林電子工業學院) in industrial finance
in July 1990 and the CEO class of Sun Yat-sen University Talent College (中山大學行知優才學院) in August
2015.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    29
     Mr. Dong Xinyi (董心怡), aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 27
     September 2023. He is also the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of each of
     the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Dong is responsible for providing
     independent advice on the operation and management of the Board.

     Mr. Dong is an economist with over 30 years of experience in investment banking, financial management
     and asset management. From September 1990 to November 1999, Mr. Dong worked at the Guangdong
     branch of Bank of China, holding various positions including deputy section chief of the risk management
     department. From December 1999 to December 2011, Mr. Dong worked at the Guangdong branch of China
     Orient Asset Management Co., Ltd., where he held different positions including senior manager of the market
     development department and risk management department. From January 2012 to February 2019, Mr.
     Dong worked at Dong Yin Development (Holdings) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Orient Asset
     Management Co., Ltd. in Hong Kong), where he served as deputy managing director. Mr. Dong served as
     a visiting professor at the School of Economics and Statistics at Guangzhou University and was a visiting
     professor at the School of Applied Economics at Guangdong Baiyun University. Currently, Mr. Dong is an
     external director of Guangdong Provincial Port & Shipping Group Co., Ltd. and Guangdong Yuehai Capital
     Group Co., Ltd..

     Mr. Dong obtained his Master’s degree in Software Engineering from Huazhong University of Science and
     Technology in July 2010.

     Mr. Lam Wai Hon (林懷漢), aged 72, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 15 May
     2025. Mr. Lam is responsible for providing independent advice on the operation and management of the
     Board.

     Mr. Lam is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and a member
     of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Lam has accumulated more than 40 years of
     experience in professional accounting, commercial banking, investment banking and financial services, and
     has held senior management positions in a number of major international banks and financial institutions.
     During the past three years, Mr. Lam served as an executive Director of Quam Plus International Financial
     Limited (a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), stock
     code: 952), and a non-executive Director of Sunac China Holdings Limited (a company listed on the
     Stock Exchange, stock code: 1918). Mr. Lam is currently a responsible officer for Type 1 and Type 6
     regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance with Quam Capital Limited and a licensed
     representative for Type 1 and Type 4 regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance with




30   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Quam Securities Limited. He is currently an independent non-executive Director of Playmates Toys Limited
(a company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 869), Pacific Online Limited (a company listed on the
Stock Exchange, stock code: 543), Far East Consortium International Limited (a company listed on the Stock
Exchange, stock code: 35), and a non-executive Director of Yuzhou Group Holdings Company Limited (a
company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 1628).

Mr. Lam holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree from University of Newcastle Upon Tyne in England.

Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard (孔祥達), aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
15 May 2025. Mr. Hoong is responsible for providing independent advice on the operation and management
of the Board.

Mr. Hoong has been a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales since
December 1992. Mr. Hoong was an investment banker and worked at UBS from April 1997 to June 2003
with his last position being an executive director, and Deutsche Bank from 2003 to 2006. He was the chief
executive officer of China LotSynergy Holdings Limited (which was then listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange
but has since transferred its listing to the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and changed its name to China
Ecotourism Group Limited, stock code: 1371) from March 2007 to September 2008, and a non-executive
director of the same company from September 2008 to June 2017. Mr. Hoong has also been serving as an
executive director of the Far East Consortium International Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange
with stock code: 35) since August 2012 and was also separately redesignated as managing director of Far
East Organization (International) Limited, which holds a controlling stake in Far East Consortium International
Limited with effect from January 2024. He was a director of AGORA Hospitality Group Co., Ltd. (a company
listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange with stock code: 9704) from March 2009 to March 2017, and a non-
executive director of i-CABLE Communications Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock
code: 1097) from September 2017 to May 2023. Mr. Hoong has been serving as a non-independent and
non-executive director of Land & General Berhad (a company listed on the Bursa Malaysia with stock code:
3174) since June 2010, and a non-executive director of Palasino Holdings Limited (a company listed on the
Stock Exchange with stock code: 2536) since August 2023.

Mr. Hoong received a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Imperial College London in August
1989.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report    31
     Senior Management
     Mr. Fang Shun (方舜), aged 38, joined the Group in November 2015 and has been the deputy general
     manager of the Group since March 2020. He is primarily responsible for the community value-added
     business.

     Mr. Fang joined Evergrande Group in July 2011 and had served as the procurement chief of Guangzhou
     Evergrande Material and Equipment Co., Ltd. (廣州恒大材料設備有限公司), a quality supervision manager
     of planning and supervision center of Evergrande Yuanlin, and deputy general manager of property
     management centre of Jinbi.

     Mr. Fang obtained a bachelor’s degree in polymer materials and engineering from Sun Yat-sen University (中
     山大學) in June 2011.


     Joint Company Secretaries
     Mr. Hu Xu (胡旭), aged 38, was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company on 22 March
     2024. Biographical details of Mr. Hu are set out on page 27 of this Report.

     Mr. Cheng Ching Kit (鄭程傑), aged 38, was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company on
     22 March 2024.

     Mr. Cheng is an assistance vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a
     professional corporate services provider, and has over 13 years of experience in the corporate secretarial
     service field. He is an associate member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The
     Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom. In addition, he holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree
     in Finance from the University of Queensland in Australia and a Master of Laws degree in Chinese Law from
     The University of Hong Kong.




32   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report

The Company recognises the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards
consistently to the enhancement on corporate performance and accountability. The Board is committed
to abide by the principles of good corporate governance to meet legal and commercial standards and
requirements, focusing on areas such as internal control, risk management, fair disclosure and accountability
to the shareholders of the Company.

We always adhere to the service concept of “conscientious services and heartfelt companionship”, putting
customers’ needs in the first place, and creating a comfortable and convenient living experience for our
customers through continuous optimization of the service process and enhancement of service quality.
Meanwhile, we advocate the corporate spirit of “integrity, innovation, pragmatism and efficiency”. In our daily
operations, we adhere to the principle of integrity, have the courage to innovate, focus on practical results,
and pursue efficiency, in order to promote the sustainable development of the enterprise through excellent
management and services. In addition, the Group attaches great importance to integrity in our business
operations. Through various anti-corruption training and education programmes, the Group guides its staff
at all levels to “establish integrity, uphold principles, abide by discipline and resist corruption ”, so as to
establish a high standard of business ethics, create a healthy corporate culture and realize good corporate
governance, thereby laying a solid foundation for the long-term development of the enterprise.

The Company has adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set
out in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the
Stock Exchange as the Company’s corporate governance code. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the
Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG Code.


Composition of the Board
During the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report, the Board comprises the
following members:


Executive Directors
Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)
Mr. Han Chao (General Manager)
Mr. Hu Xu

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Sang Quan
Mr. Lin Wuchang




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report    33
     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Peng Liaoyuan
     Ms. Wen Yanhong
     Mr. Dong Xinyi
     Mr. Lam Wai Hon (appointed on 15 May 2025)
     Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard (appointed on 15 May 2025)

     Biographical details of the current members of the Board are set out on pages 27 to 32 of this annual report.
     Save for being members of the Board, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other
     material relationship) between members of the Board.

     Mr. Lam Wai Hon and Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard were appointed as independent non-executive Directors of
     the Company on 15 May 2025. They have obtained the legal opinion as set out in Rule 3.09D of the Listing
     Rules on 15 May 2025 and have confirmed that they understand their duties as directors of a listed issuer.

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company had arranged for appropriate insurance cover for
     directors’ and senior management’s liabilities in respect of any legal actions against them arising out of the
     Company’s corporate activities.


     Roles and Duties of the Board and Management
     The Board is in charge of formulating strategic business development, reviewing and monitoring the business
     performance of the Group, approving major funds allocation and investment proposals as well as preparing
     and approving the financial statements of the Group. The Board also gives clear instructions on the authority
     delegated to the management in relation to the administration and management of the Group.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     According to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer of a
     listed company should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company
     has separated the roles of chairman and chief executive officer in accordance with code provision C.2.1 of
     the CG Code. Currently, Mr. Duan Shengli is the chairman of the Board, primarily responsible for providing
     guidance and formulation of the overall strategies for the overall development of the Group, while Mr. Han
     Chao is the general manager of the Company, primarily responsible for the daily business operations of the
     Group.




34   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Independent Non-Executive Directors
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10
and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of (i) at least three independent non-executive
Directors; (ii) independent non-executive directors representing one-third of the Board; and (iii) at least one
independent non-executive Director possesses appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or
related financial management expertise.

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation
of his/her independence. The Board is satisfied with the independence of the independent non-executive
Directors with reference to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


Mechanisms for Independent View and Input
The Board has also put in place mechanisms to ensure that independent views and opinions are available
to the Board. Directors may seek independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, where
appropriate, upon reasonable request. The Board and individual Directors should have their own access to
the senior management of the Company to access information and make enquiries about the Company. The
Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the above mechanism annually to ensure that the
Board has access to adequate and independent views and opinions from time to time.


Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Pursuant to code provision B.2.2 of the CG Code, every director (including those appointed for a specific
term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. The Company has entered
into a service agreement (for executive directors and non-executive directors) or a letter of appointment
(for independent non-executive directors) with each of the directors for a term of three years, which may
be terminated by not less than three months ’ notice in writing given by one party to the other. Such
appointments are subject to the provisions for retirement by rotation of Directors under the Articles of
Association of the Company (the “Articles”). Pursuant to the Articles, at each annual general meeting of
the Company (the “AGM”), one-third of the Directors (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, then the
number nearest to, but not less than, one-third) for the time being in office shall retire from office by rotation
and every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at
the AGM at least once every three years.




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report    35
     Attendance Record of Directors
     The Board meets regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
     performance of the Group. Directors may participate in the meetings either in person, by proxy, or by means
     of electronic communications.

     7 Board meetings were convened by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025. At least 14
     days’ notice before the date of the meeting is given for a regular Board meeting to allow all Directors to make
     arrangements to attend. For all other Board meetings, reasonable notices were also given.

     The attendance of individual Directors at the Board meetings, meetings of Board committees, and general
     meetings held during the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:

                                                      Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings held

                                                                                            Audit Remuneration                Nomination
                                              General            Board               Committee           Committee            Committee
     Director                                Meeting          Meeting                   Meeting              Meeting              Meeting

     Mr. Duan Shengli                               1/1             7/7                         —                     —                 3/3
     Mr. Han Chao                                   1/1             7/7                         —                   3/3                  —
     Mr. Hu Xu                                      1/1             7/7                         —                     —                  —
     Mr. Sang Quan                                  1/1             6/7 (note 1)                —                     —                  —
     Mr. Lin Wuchang                                1/1             6/7   (note 1)              —                     —                  —
     Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                              1/1             6/7 (note 1)               5/5                    —                 2/3 (note 1)
     Ms. Wen Yanhong                                1/1             7/7                        5/5                  3/3                 0/0 (note 2)
     Mr. Dong Xinyi                                 1/1             7/7                        5/5                  3/3                 3/3
     Mr. Lam Wai Hon        (note 3)
                                                    1/1             3/3                         —                     —                  —
     Mr. Hoong Cheong
       Thard (note 3)                               1/1             3/3                         —                     —                  —

     Note: 1.    For good corporate governance, Mr. Sang Quan and Mr. Lin Wuchang abstained from one board meeting during the Year due to potential

                 conflicts of interest; Mr. Peng Liaoyuan abstained from one Board meeting and one Nomination Committee meeting during the Year due to

                 potential conflicts of interest.


           2.    Ms. Wen Yanhong was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 21 July 2025.


           3.    Mr. Lam Wai Hon and Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard were appointed as independent non-executive Directors with effect from 15 May

                 2025.




36   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Training
Directors should participate in appropriate continuing professional development training to update their
knowledge and skills. During the year ended 31 December 2025, all of the Directors of the Company have
attended continuous professional development training sessions in compliance with code provision C.1.4 of
the CG Code.

The following table lists the training records for each Director during the Year:


                                                                       Attend at training
                                                                     session conducted
                                                                      by legal advisers/
                                                                             continuous       Reading materials
                                                                            professional    relating to regulatory
                                                                           development              updates and
Director                                                               training sessions     compliance matters

Mr. Duan Shengli                                                                       ✓                        ✓
Mr. Han Chao                                                                           ✓                        ✓
Mr. Hu Xu                                                                              ✓                        ✓
Mr. Sang Quan                                                                          ✓                        ✓
Mr. Lin Wuchang                                                                        ✓                        ✓
Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                                                                      ✓                        ✓
Ms. Wen Yanhong                                                                        ✓                        ✓
Mr. Dong Xinyi                                                                         ✓                        ✓
Mr. Lam Wai Hon                                                                        ✓                        ✓
Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard                                                                 ✓                        ✓




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report    37
     Joint Company Secretaries
     Mr. Hu Xu and Mr. Cheng Ching Kit have been appointed as joint company secretaries of the Company.
     Biographical information of Mr. Hu Xu and Mr. Cheng Ching Kit is set out in the section headed “Directors
     and Senior Management” in this annual report. Mr. Cheng Ching Kit is an assistant vice president of SWCS
     Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a professional corporate services provider, and assists Mr.
     Hu Xu in company secretarial affairs. The primary corporate contact person of Mr. Cheng Ching Kit at the
     Company is Mr. Hu Xu.


     For the year ended 31 December 2025, Mr. Hu Xu and Mr. Cheng Ching Kit have undertaken not less than
     15 hours of relevant professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

     Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board is responsible for performing the following corporate governance duties: (a) to formulate and
     review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to the
     Board; (b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and
     senior management; (c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with
     legal and regulatory requirements; (d) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance
     manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and (e) to review the Company’s compliance with the
     CG Code and disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report of the annual report of the Company. The
     Board may also assign corporate governance responsibilities to its committees.


     Risk Management and Internal Control
     Duties of the Board and the Management
     The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems and has the responsibility to
     review the effectiveness of the system. The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature
     and extent of the risks that the Group is willing to take in achieving strategic objectives, and monitoring the
     establishment and maintenance by the management of appropriate and effective risk management and
     internal control systems. The management is responsible for establishing and maintaining appropriate and
     effective risk management and internal control systems as well as providing confirmations to the Board
     on the effectiveness of the systems. Sound risk management and internal control systems are designed
     to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide
     reasonable but not absolute assurance that there will be no material misstatements or losses.




38   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
The Company has established an organizational structure with the Board of the Group as the decision-
maker, and the Chairman, leaders in charge of each business and management personnel at all levels as
the specific implementation unit, and has defined the management responsibilities of risk management and
internal control from top to bottom as well as the risk information reporting line from bottom to top. The
primary roles and duties of the risk management and internal control system are as follows:

Roles                            Primary Duties

Board (Decision-maker)           •     Assess and determine the nature of the risk and the degree of
                                       acceptance to ensure the achievement of strategic objectives
                                 •     Continuously reviewing changes in the nature and severity of
                                       significant risks and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in the
                                       business and external environment since the previous annual review
                                 •     Ensure the establishment and maintenance of effective risk
                                       management and internal control systems
                                 •     Supervise management for the design, implementation and
                                       monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems

Audit committee                  •     Review the structure and responsibilities of risk management
  (Decision-maker)                     and continuously monitor its effectiveness, review the basic risk
                                       management system
                                 •     Supervise the management for the design, implementation and
                                       monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems
                                 •     Monitor significant control failures or weaknesses that have been
                                       identified during the Year, and the extent to which they have resulted
                                       in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have
                                       had, or may in the future have, a material impact on the Company’s
                                       financial performance or condition




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report   39
     Roles                         Primary Duties

     Senior management of          •    Responsible for the development of risk management system,
       the Group (Leadership)           regularly review the Company’s risk management policies and system
                                   •    Design, implement and supervise the risk management work of the
                                        Group, report on risk management to the Audit Committee on a
                                        regular basis, and report and disclose significant risk information to
                                        the Audit Committee
                                   •    Provide the Audit Committee with the confirmation of the effectiveness
                                        of the risk management system

     Management at the             •    Regularly update the list of risks involved in the relevant activities, and
       headquarters of the Group        carry out risk identification and evaluation and other related work
       and management of           •    Develop and implement a risk response program for the relevant
       functional departments           activities
       in regional offices         •    Responsible for the implementation of specific risk management
       (Execution)                      measures
                                   •    Monitor all kinds of risks involved in the relevant activities, timely
                                        report to the risk management coordinator and risk management
                                        leadership on risk information
                                   •    Conduct other relevant work on risk management

     Internal audit function       •    As a risk management supervising department, responsible for
                                        supervising risk management work of the Group and regional offices




40   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Risk Management
During the Year, the Group continued to improve the establishment of the risk management system at
the group level to guide the risk assessment activities and ongoing risk monitoring activities by way of the
following:

Updating the risk assessment criteria. During the Year, the Group updated the risk assessment criteria
applicable to the Group based on changes in the internal and external operating environment, the nature of
the Company’s business, operating characteristics and strategic objectives and the nature and extent of
risk it is willing to accept in order to achieve its strategic objectives, and assessed and ranked the risks that
are most likely to affect the achievement of its corporate objectives in terms of the likelihood of occurrence
of risks and the extent of the impact of the risks by applying the commonly recognised assessment
methodology and assessment criteria. The risks assessed during the Year included, but not limited to,
strategic risks, financial risks, operational risks, compliance and regulatory risks, and ESG risks.

Improved risk management workflow. A risk management workflow covering major steps including
identification, assessment, response, monitoring and reporting (please refer to chart 1 “Risk management
workflow” below for details) has been enhanced to systematically organize, mitigate and monitor risks.
The Group is guided by its business objectives, identifying the risk factors that affect the achievement of
business objectives, assessing the likelihood and potential impacts of each specific risk; adopting measures
to deal with the risks identified; and continuously monitoring the changes in risks and timely adjusting
countermeasures.



                                                          rtin   g
                                                       po            Ide
                                                    Re                   nt
                                                                          ifica
                                                                                  tion

                                         nitoring
                                                         Risk

                                       Mo
                                                      management
                                                       workflow                   ent
                                                                              sm
                                                                          es
                                                                              s
                                                    Re
                                                         spo            As
                                                               nse

                                   (Chart 1: Risk management workflow)




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report   41
     Risk management reviews are carried out in accordance with the established review frequency.
     Pursuant to the annual risk management plan and the Risk Management Manual, the Board through its Audit
     Committee carried out a comprehensive review of the risk management system during the Year. With the
     collaboration of external consultants, the Group continues to deepen its risk management, potential risks
     in business operations were systematically identified, the 2025 major risk list was updated and confirmed,
     response measures for various risks were collated, the principal responsible departments for risks and
     next steps response measures and improvement directions were clarified. The results of the relevant risk
     assessment and review have been reported to the Audit Committee.


     Internal Control
     The Group has established an internal control system applicable to the Group by reference to the COSO
     (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission) internal control management
     framework (please refer to chart 2: COSO internal control management framework). The system comprises
     five interrelated and synergistically operating components, namely control environment, risk assessment,
     control activities, information and communication, and monitoring activities, which collectively ensure the
     continued effective operation of internal control and monitoring.

     The system is a core component of the Group’s overall risk management system, and its design and
     operation are based on various risks faced by the Group. Focusing on key processes such as finance,
     operations and compliance, the management of the Group’s headquarters, regional companies and business
     departments is responsible for designing and implementing corresponding internal control policies and
     procedures, and continuously monitoring their implementation and effectiveness.

     The Group has designed procedures to safeguard its assets against unlawful use, maintain proper
     accounting records to provide reliable financial information for internal use or for publication, and to ensure
     the Group’s compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Nonetheless, the systems are designed
     to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against any misstatement or loss.

     In 2025, the Group also conducted a review of the control process of internal control with the help of external
     consultants and proposed improvement measures to address the loopholes and weaknesses identified in the
     process. The management of the relevant departments of the Group then followed up the implementation
     in a timely manner to ensure that the improvement measures were implemented in a timely manner and
     reported the results of the internal control review and follow-up to the Audit Committee.




42   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                   pl
                                                n        rt
                                            tio
                                                               Company level          ia
                                           ra        po
                                       O            Re        om
                                                                                         nc
                                        pe                 C

                                                                                            e
                                                                Area of operation
                                    Control environment

                                      Risk assessment
                                                                    Operating Unit
                                      Control activities
                                       Information and                   Functions
                                        communication
                                    Monitoring activities


                        (Chart 2: COSO internal control management framework)


Internal Audit
The Group has established an internal audit department to be responsible for independent supervision.
Management has developed measures for improvement in view of the vulnerabilities and weaknesses
identified during the internal audit, which are followed up by the comprehensive monitoring center on a
regular basis to ensure the timely implementation of the relevant measures for improvement.


Review of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
During the Year, the Board, through the Audit Committee, carried out a comprehensive review of the Group’s
risk management and internal control systems, which included carrying out the annual major risk assessment
and reviewing and checking the implementation of internal controls for key business processes.

The review covered the financial year ended 31 December 2025. Having duly considered changes in the
nature and severity of the major risks faced by the Group, as well as the Group’s ability to adapt to changes
in its business and the external environment, the risk assessment, the review and check of internal control
were focused on key areas including financial, operational and compliance aspects.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the Group on
accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions as well its staff training programs and budget and
confirmed the adequacy of the same.

Having considered the findings of the risk management and internal control review, the Audit Committee and
the Board are of the view that the risk management and internal control systems of the Group is adequate
and effective during the Year.




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report   43
     Anti-fraud System
     The Group has in place whistleblowing procedures to enable employees, customers and suppliers to make
     anonymous reports of misconduct or other matters related to the Group to the Company and/or the Audit
     Committee.

     The Group strictly prohibits any form of corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. The
     Group has established a supervisory function for the coordination and establishment of the Group’s anti-
     fraud system. The supervisory function is responsible for conducting investigations on any reports, and
     providing guidance to the headquarter of the Group, personnel and units to promote integrity.


     Framework for Disclosure of Inside Information
     The Company has put in place a framework for the handling and disclosure of inside information in
     compliance with the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”). The
     framework sets out the procedures and internal controls, including but not limited to establishing controls
     for monitoring business and corporate developments and events so that any potential inside information is
     promptly identified and escalated, restricting access to inside information to a limited number of employees
     on a need-to-know basis, and ensuring employees who are in possession of inside information are fully
     conversant with their obligations to preserve confidentiality, for the handling and dissemination of inside
     information in a timely manner so as to allow all the shareholders and stakeholders to assess the latest
     position of the Group.


     Audit Committee
     Currently, the Audit Committee comprised three members, namely Ms. Wen Yanhong (the chairman of the
     committee), Mr. Peng Liaoyuan and Mr. Dong Xinyi, who are all independent non-executive Directors. The
     Audit Committee adopted the written terms of reference which were basically the same as those set forth in
     the code provision D.3.3 of the CG Code. The Audit Committee is principally responsible for, among other
     things, the following duties:

     •    to provide recommendations on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditors to
          the Board, approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors and handle any
          issues related to the resignation or dismissal of the auditors;

     •    to review and monitor whether the external auditors are independent and objective and whether the
          audit procedures are effective in accordance with applicable standards;




44   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
•    to formulate and implement policies for the engagement of external auditors for the provision of non-
     audit services;

•    to monitor the integrity of the financial statements, the annual reports and accounts and the interim
     reports of the Company, and review the material financial reporting judgements therein;

•    to review the financial control, internal control and risk management systems of the Company;

•    to discuss the internal control and risk management systems with the management and to ensure that
     the management has discharged its duties of setting up effective internal control and risk management
     systems;

•    to review the financial and accounting policies and practices of the Group; and

•    to review the external auditors’ letter to the management, any material queries that the auditors made to
     the management in respect of the accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control as well
     as the management’s response.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee held a total of 5 meetings. The number
of meetings attended by each member is set out in the section headed “Attendance Record of Directors”
above. The Audit Committee performed the following significant work, including reviewing the annual results
and annual report for the year ended 31 December 2024, the interim results and interim report for the period
ended 30 June 2025, reviewing the Group’s compliance procedures, connected transactions, remuneration
of the external auditor, discussing and reviewing the Company’s resources, qualifications and experience of
its staff and the training programmes and budget of its staff in respect of the accounting, internal audit and
financial reporting functions, and confirmed that the foregoing are adequate. There was no disagreement
between the Audit Committee and the Board on the selection of the Company’s external auditor.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the emolument of the Group’s external auditor for the annual
audit and review of the financial statements of the Company amounted to RMB4.5 million. The non-
audit service was related to the review service of the interim financial report 2025, which amounted to
approximately RMB1.8 million.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    45
     Remuneration Committee
     The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. Dong Xinyi (the chairman
     of the committee), Ms. Wen Yanhong and Mr. Han Chao, the members consist of two independent non-
     executive Directors and one executive Director. The Remuneration Committee has adopted written terms
     of reference which are substantially the same as those set out in code provision E.1.2 of the CG Code. The
     Remuneration Committee is primarily responsible for, among other things, the following duties:

     •    to make recommendations to the Board in respect of the remuneration policy and structure of the
          Directors and senior management of the Company and the establishment of formal and transparent
          procedures for developing such remuneration policy;

     •    to review and approve performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives
          resolved by the Board from time to time;

     •    to determine, with delegated responsibility from the Board, the specific remuneration packages of
          individual executive directors and senior management;

     •    to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

     •    to review and approve payments to the executive Directors regarding compensation for their loss
          or termination of office or appointment, to ensure relevant terms of the contracts, and that the
          compensation is fair and not excessive for the Company;

     •    to review and approve the arrangements involved in the termination or dismissal of Directors due to
          misconduct, to ensure that those arrangements are determined according to the relevant terms of the
          contracts, and that the compensation is reasonable and appropriate; and

     •    to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Remuneration Committee held 3 meetings. The number
     of meetings attended by each member is set out in the section headed “Attendance Record of Directors”
     above. The Remuneration Committee has reviewed the remuneration policies and structure for Directors, the
     remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management, approved the terms of the appointment
     letters of the independent non-executive Directors.




46   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. Duan Shengli (the chairman of
the committee), Mr. Peng Liaoyuan, Ms. Wen Yanhong and Mr. Dong Xinyi, the members consist of one
executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors. The Nomination Committee has adopted
written terms of reference which are substantially the same as those set out in code provision B.3.1 of the
CG Code. The Nomination Committee is primarily responsible for, among other things, the following duties:

•    to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity)
     of the Board on a regular basis and make recommendations to the Board on any proposed changes to
     the composition of the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

•    to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and to select or nominate such
     individuals to become Directors or make recommendations to the Board in this regard;

•    to assess the independence of independent non-executive directors in accordance with applicable
     laws, rules and regulations; and

•    to make recommendations to the Board on matters relating to the appointment, re-appointment and
     removal of directors and succession planning for directors of the Company.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Nomination Committee held 3 meetings. The number of
meetings attended by each member is set out in the section headed “Attendance Record of Directors”
above. The Nomination Committee has considered the structure, size and composition of the Board (including
the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity aspects), made recommendations to the Board on the re-
appointment and appointment of Directors, made recommendations to the Board on the Directors to be
proposed for re-election at the annual general meeting, and assessed the independence of the independent
non-executive Directors.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    47
     Remuneration of Directors
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any Director or any of
     the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
     loss of office, and none of the Directors had waived or agreed to waive any emoluments.

     Details of the Directors ’ respective emoluments are set out in Note 12 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     In accordance with code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration by band for senior management
     (excluding Directors) for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:

                                                                                                       Number
     Annual remuneration by band                                                                  of individuals

     HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                             1


     Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been made or are payable, for the year ended 31
     December 2025, by the Group to or on behalf of any of the Directors.


     Nomination Policy and Procedures
     In the nomination of a new Director to the Board, the Nomination Committee will consider potential new
     candidates openly from time to time, taking into account the strategic needs of the Company and the Board.
     The potential pool of candidates include (but without limitation) local and overseas academics, Hong Kong
     and overseas listed companies directors, executives and experts in the relevant fields.

     The Nomination Committee will consider the candidates based on merit having regard to the experience,
     skills and expertise as well as the overall board diversity, and make recommendations to the Board as
     appropriate.




48   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Board Diversity Policy
The Board has also adopted a “Board Diversity Policy” to ensure that the Board has the appropriate balance
of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives necessary to enhance the effectiveness of the Board and to
maintain high standards of corporate governance. Selection of board candidates shall be based on a range
of diversity perspectives with reference to the Company’s business model and specific needs, including but
not limited to gender, age, race, language, cultural background, educational background, industry experience
and professional experience.

The Nomination Committee reviews the Board Diversity Policy as appropriate to ensure the continued
effectiveness of the Board.

The Board currently consists of ten Directors, of whom one is female and nine are male, aged between 36
and 72. By reference to the qualifications, work experience and background of the Directors, the Board
considers that it has achieved diversity in terms of gender, age, educational background, industry experience
and professional experience. The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board’s
diversity policy and all measurable objectives from time to time to ensure the effectiveness of the policy and
make recommendations to the Board on any revision to the policy as and when necessary.

The Board aims to maintain at least the current proportion of female member. The Company will ensure that
gender diversity is taken into account in the recruitment of middle and senior management and that sufficient
resources are available to provide appropriate training and functional development to maintain gender
diversity in the pipeline of potential successors to the Board.


Staff Diversity
As of 31 December 2025, the gender balance of the Group’s staff (including senior management) is set out
below:

                                                                                As of 31 December 2025

                                                                                   Number       Percentage
                                                                                    of staff   of total staff

Male staff                                                                          60,503           60.2%
Female staff                                                                        40,064           39.8%




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    49
     The Board considers that there is an appropriate gender balance in the Group’s workforce. The Group
     promotes equality and diversity in human resources management and encourages gender diversity at all
     levels of work. The Group has established training plans to nurture corporate talent and develop a broad
     range of diverse and skilled and experienced staff. The Group will continue to look for opportunities to
     increase the proportion of female staff.

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board has not been made aware of any factor or
     circumstance that make it more challenging or less relevant for staff, including senior management, to
     achieve gender diversity.


     Securities Transactions by Directors
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
     “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the Company’s code of conduct for
     securities transactions by the Directors. The Company has made specific enquiry of all the Directors and they
     have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set out in the Model Code regarding
     securities transactions by them throughout the year ended 31 December 2025.


     Directors’ Responsibilities for the Financial Statements
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the
     Group in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards, so as to give a
     true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and the Group and of the results and cash flows of
     the Group. The Directors also acknowledge their responsibilities to ensure that the consolidated financial
     statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.


     Dividend Policy
     The Company has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) where the Company would, where
     the situation allows, declare dividends to shareholders every year and may declare special dividends from
     time to time. In deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount, the
     Board will take into consideration the Group’s distributable profits generated during the Year, the financial
     situation and liquidity of the Group, the investment needs and the retained profits that should be set aside
     for future development purposes. While sharing the profit with shareholders, the Company will also maintain
     sufficient reserves to meet its liabilities and to ensure the implementation of the Group’s strategy for future
     development. The payment of dividend is also subject to any restrictions under the laws of Cayman Islands,
     the laws of Hong Kong and the Articles.




50   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Relationship with Controlling Shareholders
On 19 November 2020, each of Mr. Hui Ka Yan, Xin Xin (BVI) Limited, China Evergrande Group, CEG
Holdings (BVI) Limited (in liquidation) ( “CEG Holdings”) Anji (BVI) Limited, and Shengjian (BVI) Limited
(collectively referred to as the “Undertaking Controlling Shareholders ”) entered into a deed of non-
competition in favor of the Company, details of which are set out in the section headed “Relationship with
Controlling Shareholders - Deed of Non-Competition” in the prospectus of the Company dated 23 November
2020. To the best knowledge and belief of the Directors, the Directors are not aware of any non-compliance
with the non-competition deed by each of the Undertaking Controlling Shareholders for the year ended 31
December 2025.


Constitutional Documents
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has not amended its memorandum and articles of
association. The latest versions of the relevant documents are available on the Company’s website (www.
evergrandeservice.com) and the website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).


Shareholders’ Rights
Right to convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) (including the right of making proposals/
moving resolutions at the EGM)
Any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth
of the paid up share capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at the general meetings of the
Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”) shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board
or the Joint Company Secretaries, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any
business specified in such requisition, including making proposals or moving resolutions at the EGM. Eligible
Shareholders who wish to convene an EGM for the purpose of making proposals or moving resolutions at the
EGM must deposit a written requisition (the “Requisition”) signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned
to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at Room 2201, 22/F, YF Life Centre, 38
Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries.

If within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition the Board has not notified the Eligible Shareholders and fails
to convene such EGM, the Eligible Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in accordance with
the Articles, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned as a result of the
failure of the Board to convene such meeting shall be reimbursed to the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned by
the Company.




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report    51
     Right to Nominate Directors for Election at General Meetings
     If a shareholder wishes to propose a person other than a Director of the Company for election as a Director,
     the shareholder must deposit a written notice (the “Notice”) to the principal place of business of the
     Company in Hong Kong at Room 2201, 22/F, YF Life Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, or
     the branch share registrar of the Company, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd., at 17M Floor,
     Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Joint Company
     Secretaries. The Notice must state clearly the name of the shareholder(s) and his/her/their shareholding, the
     full name of the person proposed for election as a Director, including the person’s biographical details as
     required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, and be signed by the shareholder concerned (not the person
     to be nominated).

     The Notice must also be accompanied by a letter of consent signed by the person nominated to be elected
     on his/her willingness to be elected as a Director. The period for lodgment of the Notice will commence no
     earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice by the Company of the general meeting appointed for the
     election of Directors of the Company and end no later than seven (7) days prior to the date of such general
     meeting.

     The Notice will be verified by the Company’s branch share registrar and upon their confirmation that the
     request is proper and in compliance with the rules of procedures, the Joint Company Secretaries will ask the
     Nomination Committee and the Board of the Company to consider to include the resolution proposing such
     person to be elected as a Director in the agenda for the general meeting.


     Disclaimers
     The contents of the section headed “Shareholders’ Rights” in this report are for reference only and in
     compliance with disclosure requirements, which do not represent and shall not be regarded as legal or
     other professional advice to the shareholders. Shareholders should seek their independent legal or other
     professional advice as to their rights as shareholders of the Company. The Company disclaims any liability
     for all liabilities and losses incurred by the shareholders in reliance upon any contents of the section headed
     “Shareholders’ Rights”.




52   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Shareholder Communication Policy
The Company has established a shareholder communication policy to ensure that shareholders have equal
and timely access to corporate information. Corporate information will be communicated to shareholders
through the corporate communications, annual general meetings and other general meetings that may be
held, as well as disclosures filed with the Stock Exchange. Shareholders may access information published
by the Company through the Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.com) or the Investor section of the
Company’s website (www.evergrandeservice.com). Shareholders may also make enquiries to the Company
and provide comments and suggestions to the Board through the channels mentioned in the “Investor
Relations” section below. The Company will respond to shareholders’ enquiries as soon as practicable after
receipt.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company carried out multi-channel communication and
liaison with its shareholders and investors through various means, such as convening annual general
meetings, corporate communications, publication of announcements on the websites of the Stock Exchange
and the Company’s website, and responding to shareholders’ enquiries. Based on the above, the Board is of
the view that the Company’s shareholders’ communication policy remained effective during the Year.


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
For putting forward any enquiries to the Board of the Company, Shareholders may send written enquiries to
the Company. The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


Investor Relations
Shareholders and investors may send written enquiries or requests to the Company by the following
methods:

By telephone: (852) 2287 9283
By post: Room 2201, 22/F, YF Life Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
By email: IR@evergrandeservice.com




                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   53
     Report of the Directors

     The Directors are pleased to present this report together with the audited financial statements of the Group
     for the year ended 31 December 2025.


     Principal Activities
     The Company is one of the largest integrated property management service enterprises in the PRC. The
     Company is a full-service property service enterprise with a diversified service format, including residential
     properties, commercial properties, industrial parks, hospitals, schools, rail transit and city public services,
     etc. In addition to basic property management services, the Company also provides value-added services
     to its customers, such as community living services, asset management services and community operation
     services.


     Business Review
     General
     A review of the business of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025, discussion on the future
     development in the Group’s business, description of possible business risks and uncertainties that the Group
     may be facing are provided in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 6 to 13 and Management Discussion
     and Analysis on pages 14 to 26 of this annual report. An analysis of the Group’s key financial performance
     indicators and its exposure to industry risk, business risk, foreign exchange risk and the risk of irrecoverable
     material losses is set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 14 to 26 of this annual
     report, while the Group’s financial risk management objectives and policies are set out in Note 5 to the
     consolidated financial statements. Details of significant events affecting the Group since the end of the
     financial year ended 31 December 2025 are set out on page 69 to 70 of this annual report.


     Compliance with Laws and Regulations
     The Group has established procedures in place to ensure that its operations comply with applicable laws,
     rules and regulations. The Board is responsible to monitor the Group’s policies and practices for achieving
     compliance with legal and other regulatory requirements, and such policies and practices will be regularly
     reviewed. Any changes in the applicable laws, rules and regulations are brought to the attention of relevant
     employees and relevant operating units whenever necessary.

     As far as the Company is aware, the Group has complied in all material respects with laws and regulations
     that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.




54   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Environmental Policies and Performance
The Group is committed to the long-term sustainable development of the environment and communities in
which it operates. The Group complies with applicable environmental protection laws and regulations for its
business operations, and has implemented relevant environmental protection measures in compliance with
applicable laws and regulations of PRC. Further details on the environmental policies and performance of
the Group are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report for the year ended 31 December
2025 to be published separately.


Relationship with Stakeholders
The Group recognises that employees, customers and business partners are keys to its sustainable
development. We are committed to establishing a close and caring relationship with our employees,
providing quality services to our customers and enhancing cooperation with our business partners for the
long-term stable development of our business.

The Group is committed to creating a healthy and safe working environment with growth opportunities for its
employees. We regularly develop comprehensive in-house employee training programs for our employees
to enhance and improve their professional and service skills, and provide them with knowledge of industry
quality standards and workplace safety standards. Further details are set out in the Management Discussion
and Analysis on pages 14 to 26 of this annual report.

The Group is committed to developing good relationships with its suppliers as long-term business partners
to ensure the stability of the Group’s business. Through proactive and effective ongoing communication,
regular monitoring and evaluation, we continue to strengthen the co-operative relationship with our suppliers
and help them to enhance their sustainable development performance.

Customer satisfaction with our services and products has a profound effect on the Group’s profitability. The
Group creates safe, convenient, healthy and caring community environments for its customers by responding
to their needs in a timely and effective manner through its butlers who are on call round-the-clock. The
customer-centric culture has guided the Group to forge ahead and explore new ways to better serve its
customers. For example, the Group actively listens to customer feedback and continuously improves its
service design and processes. Meanwhile, through the implementation of a digital information platform, the
Group facilitates online interactions between customers and butlers through the use of advanced information
technology and smart technology, thereby enhancing customer experience, reducing reliance on manual
labour and improving operational efficiency.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   55
     Financial Statements
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the Consolidated Statement of
     Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income on page 81.

     The financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2025 is set out in the Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position on pages 82 to 83.

     The cash flows of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the Consolidated
     Statement of Cash Flows on page 85.


     Share Capital
     Details of the movement in share capital of the Company during the Year are set out in Note 26 to the
     consolidated financial statements on page 153.


     Dividends
     The Board does not recommend the payment of any final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 (for
     the year ended 31 December 2024: Nil).


     Reserves
     During the Year, details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company are respectively set
     out in Note 27 to the financial statements on page 154 and Note 36 to the financial statement on pages 166
     to 167.

     As at 31 December 2025, the reserve available for distribution amounted to approximately RMB1,579.7
     million. No dividend was proposed for the year.


     Property and Equipment
     The movements in property and equipment during the Year are set out in Note 17 to the financial statements
     on pages 138 to 139.




56   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Major Customers and Suppliers
For the year ended 31 December 2025, revenue from the Group ’ s largest customer accounted for
approximately 0.4% of the Group’s total annual revenue and the Group’s top five customers accounted for
less than 20% of the Group’s total annual revenue.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the amount of purchases from the Group’ s largest supplier
accounted for approximately 10.9% of the Group’s total annual amount of purchases and the Group’s top
five suppliers accounted for less than 20% of the Group’s total annual amount of purchases.

As far as the Company is aware, none of the Directors, their associates and shareholders who are interested
in more than 5% of the share capital of the Company had any interest in the five largest suppliers and
customers noted above.


Directors
The Directors who held office during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual
report were:


Executive Directors
Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)
Mr. Han Chao (General Manager)
Mr. Hu Xu


Non-executive Directors
Mr. Sang Quan
Mr. Lin Wuchang


Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Peng Liaoyuan
Ms. Wen Yanhong
Mr. Dong Xinyi
Mr. Lam Wai Hon (appointed on 15 May 2025)
Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard (appointed on 15 May 2025)




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   57
     The biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section headed “Directors
     and Senior Management” of this annual report.

     In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles, at each AGM one-third of the Directors for the time being (or,
     if their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from
     office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an AGM at least once every
     three years. Accordingly, Mr. Duan Shengli, Mr. Dong Xinyi, Mr. Sang Quan and Mr. Lin Wuchang shall retire
     from office at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.


     Permitted Indemnity Provisions
     The Articles provide that every Director is entitled to be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets
     profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which
     they may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution
     of their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices or trusts. However, this indemnity does not extend
     to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may attach to any of the said persons.

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has purchased directors and senior managements
     liability insurance, which provides appropriate cover for the Directors and senior managements. The
     permitted indemnity provision was in force during the year ended 31 December 2025 and remained in force
     as at the date of this annual report for the benefit of the Directors.


     Management Contracts
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no management or administration contract concerning the
     management of the whole or substantial part of any business of the Company was entered into, or subsisted.


     Directors’ Service Contracts
     On 9 February 2025, the Company renewed the letter of appointment with Mr. Peng Liaoyuan for a term of
     three years commencing from 9 February 2025 with no change in director’s fee.

     On 21 July 2025, the Company renewed the service agreement with Mr. Duan Shengli for a term of three
     years commencing on 22 July 2025. Mr. Duan will not receive any director’s fee for his role as an executive
     Director of the Company.




58   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
As at the date of this report, save as disclosed above, the Company has entered into a service agreement
with each of the executive and non-executive directors for a term of three years from the date of their
appointment, which may be terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing given by one party to
the other. The Company has entered into a letter of appointment with each of the independent non-executive
directors for a term of three years from the date of their appointment, which may be terminated by not less
than three months’ notice in writing given by one party to the other.

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with
the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation
(other than statutory compensation).


Directors’ Material Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts
No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Group was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
2024.


Directors’ Interests in Competing Businesses
None of the Directors and their respective associates has an interest in any business which competes or may
compete with the business in which the Group is engaged.


Share Option Scheme
The shareholders of the Company had resolved at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on
10 May 2021 to adopt the share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”).

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to selected eligible
participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group. The
Directors consider that the Share Option Scheme will serve to motivate the eligible participants to contribute
to the Group’s development. The Share Option Scheme, in the form of options to subscribe for Shares, will
enable the Group to recruit, motivate and retain high-calibre staff. The Directors consider that it is in line with
modern business practice to grant incentives to eligible participants of the Group (which shall include any full-
time or part-time employee, executive, officer or director of the Group and any associated corporation of the
Company, and any other person, consultant, expert adviser, agent, supplier or joint venture partner who, in
the sole opinion of the Board, will make or has made a contribution to the Group) to align their interests and
objectives with those of the Group.




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report    59
     The Share Option Scheme does not specify a minimum period for which an option must be held nor a
     performance target which must be achieved before an option can be exercised. However, the rules of the
     Share Option Scheme provide that the Board may, at its absolute discretion, determine the terms and
     conditions on which share options may be granted, but no option may be exercised more than 10 years after
     the date of grant.

     Based on 10,810,811,000 shares of the Company (the “Shares”) in issue as at the date of the extraordinary
     general meeting, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon the exercise of the options that
     may be granted under the Share Option Scheme is 1,081,081,100 Shares, being 10% of the issued shares
     (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at the date of the adoption of the Share Option Scheme and
     as at the date of this annual report.

     The maximum number of shares which may be issued in respect of options which may be granted to any
     eligible participant under the Share Option Scheme in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the
     issued shares.

     When a copy of the offer document constituting the acceptance of the share option is duly signed by the
     grantee, and the Company receives a remittance of HK$1.00 from the grantee as the consideration for the
     grant of the share option, the share option shall be deemed to have been granted and accepted by the
     grantee.

     The exercise price of the options is determined by the Board at its absolute discretion and will be not
     less than the highest price of the official closing price of the shares of the Company as stated in the daily
     quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of grant, the average official closing prices of
     the Company’s shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five
     business days immediately preceding the date of grant and the nominal value of the shares of the Company.

     At the beginning and end of the year ended 31 December 2025, the number of share options that could be
     granted pursuant to the authorized limit under the Share Option Scheme was 1,081,081,100 shares. There
     is no separate sub-limit for service providers established under the Share Option Scheme.




60   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effect for a period of 10 years commencing from the date of its
adoption up to 9 May 2031. As at the date of this report, the remaining period of the Share Option Scheme
is approximately 5 years and 1 month. During the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this
report, no share options have been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme
and no share options are outstanding under the Share Option Scheme. Accordingly, the number of shares
that may be issued in respect of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended
31 December 2025 divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares)
for the year ended 31 December 2025 was nil.


Share Award Scheme
The Company has not adopted any Share Award Scheme.


Equity-linked Agreement
Save for the Share Option Scheme, no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the
year ended 31 December 2025 or subsisted at the end of the year.


Directors’ Benefits from Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures
Save for the Share Option Scheme, at no time during the Year was the Company, any of its holding
companies or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits
by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying
Shares and Debenture
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under
Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code were as follows:




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   61
     (i)       Interest in the shares of the Company


                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                          Capacity in which                                         Number of            percentage of
      Name of Director                                    interests are held                                      shares held           shareholding (1)

     Mr. Duan Shengli                                     Beneficial owner                                           3,550,000                       0.03%
     Mr. Han Chao                                         Beneficial owner                                              210,000                      0.00%
     Mr. Hu Xu                                            Beneficial owner                                                  3,500                    0.00%
     Mr. Sang Quan                                        Beneficial owner                                                  1,000                    0.00%

     Notes:


     1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of Shares in issue of the Company as at 31 December 2025.


     2.       All of the above interests are long positions.



     (ii)      Interest in shares of associated corporations of the Company


                                                                                    Capacity in                                           Approximate
      Name of                        Name of                                        which interests                    Number of percentage of
      Director                       associated corporation                         are held                         shares held shareholding (1)

     Mr. Duan Shengli                China Evergrande Group (2)                     Beneficial owner                         10,000                  0.00%
     Mr. Sang Quan                   China Evergrande New Energy                    Beneficial owner                         55,500                  0.00%
                                         Vehicle Group Limited

     Notes:


     1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of shares in issue of the respective associated corporation as at 31 December 2025.


     2.       The listing of the shares of China Evergrande Group was cancelled with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 25 August 2025.


     3.       All of the above interests are long positions.




62   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
(iii)     Interest in share options of associated corporations of the Company


                                                                               Capacity in                        Number of          Approximate
 Name of                             Name of                                   which interests                    underlying percentage of
 Director                            associated corporation                    are held                                shares shareholding (1)

Mr. Duan Shengli(2)                  China Evergrande Group                    Beneficial owner                  20,600,000                     0.16%
Mr. Han Chao(2)                      China Evergrande Group                    Beneficial owner                         40,000                  0.00%
Mr. Hu Xu(2)                         China Evergrande Group                    Beneficial owner                         80,000                  0.00%
Mr. Sang Quan                        China Evergrande Group                    Beneficial owner                       150,000                   0.00%
Mr. Lin Wuchang                      China Evergrande Group                    Beneficial owner                         70,000                  0.00%

Notes:


1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of shares in issue of the respective associated corporation as at 31 December 2025.


2.       Mr. Duan Shengli, Mr. Han Chao and Mr. Hu Xu have issued notices of waiver of share options to the liquidators of China Evergrande Group.


3.       All of the above interests are long positions.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors, chief executive of the Company
or their respective associates had any other interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or
debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report           63
     Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders
     So far as is known to any Director or chief executive of the Company, as at 31 December 2025, the following
     persons had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed
     to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in
     the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO or were otherwise notified to the Company
     and the Stock Exchange:

                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                               Capacity in which                                Number of                percentage of
     Name of Shareholder                                       interests are held                          Shares held (1)             shareholding (2)

     Mr. Hui Ka Yan                                            Interest in controlled                 5,590,229,000(3)(4)                         51.71%
                                                                  corporation
     Xin Xin (BVI) Limited                                     Interest in controlled                 5,590,229,000(3)(4)                         51.71%
                                                                  corporation
     China Evergrande Group                                    Interest in controlled                 5,590,229,000(3)(4)                         51.71%
                                                                  corporation and
                                                                  beneficial owner

     Notes:


     1.       The disclosure of the number of such Shares held is made in accordance with the latest reported disclosure of interest notice as of 31 December

              2025.


     2.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of Shares in issue of the Company as at 31 December 2025.


     3.       According to the disclosure of interest notice dated 16 December 2022 last filed by Mr. Hui Ka Yan (“Mr. Hui”), Xin Xin (BVI) Limited and China

              Evergrande Group in respect of their interests as at 14 December 2022, of the 5,590,229,000 Shares, 5,383,074,000 Shares were directly held

              by CEG Holdings and 207,155,000 Shares were directly held by China Evergrande Group. CEG Holdings is directly owned as to 50% by China

              Evergrande Group and 50% by Shengjian (BVI) Limited. Shengjian (BVI) Limited is wholly-owned by Anji (BVI) Limited, which in turn is wholly-owned

              by China Evergrande Group. Xin Xin (BVI) Limited is a company wholly-owned by Mr. Hui and a direct controlling shareholder of China Evergrande

              Group. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Hui and Xin Xin (BVI) Limited are deemed to be interested in the Shares of the Company in which China Evergrande

              Group is interested and China Evergrande Group, Anji (BVI) Limited and Shengjian (BVI) Limited are deemed to be interested in the Shares of the

              Company held by CEG Holdings.


     4.       According to the announcements of China Evergrande Group (its shares was cancelled with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 25 August 2025) dated 13

              September 2024 (the “Announcement”), 12 May 2025, 9 June 2025 and 2 July 2025, CEG Holdings is directly owned as to 50% and 50% by

              China Evergrande Group and Shengjian (BVI) Limited respectively, and held 5,368,074,000 Shares of the Company (representing approximately

              49.65% of the total shares in issue) as at the date of the Announcement. Further, pursuant to the announcement of the Company dated 11

              September 2025, China Evergrande Group and CEG Holdings directly or indirectly held 51.016% of the issued share capital of the Company.

              Under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Mr. Hui, Xin Xin (BVI) Limited, China Evergrande Group and Shengjian (BVI) Limited are deemed to be

              interested in the Shares of the Company held by CEG Holdings.


     5.       All of the above interests are long positions.


64   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Subsidiaries
Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are set out in Note 37 to the financial
statements on pages 167 to 169.


Continuing Connected Transactions
During the Year, the Group had the following transactions and arrangements with connected persons
(as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company which constituted continuing connected transactions
for the Company and are required to be reported in this annual report in compliance with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:


1.    Car Parking Space Leasing
On 30 December 2022, the Company renewed the master car parking space leasing agreement (the “2023
Master Car Parking Space Leasing Agreement ”) with China Evergrande Group, pursuant to which
the Group will lease from the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of China Evergrande Group (the
“Evergrande Associates”) certain car parking spaces (the “Car Parking Spaces”) situated in the residential
and commercial properties developed by the Evergrande Associates and managed by the Group for
subleasing to residents and tenants for a term of 3 years commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on
31 December 2025.

The rent to be paid by the Group for the lease of the Car Parking Spaces was determined after arm’s length
negotiations with reference to, among others, the prevailing market rent of car parking spaces in similar
locations and similar properties and the number and occupancy rate of the Car Parking Spaces leased by
the Group from the Evergrande Associates.

For the three years ended 31 December 2025, the respective annual caps for the transactions contemplated
under the 2023 Master Car Parking Space Leasing Agreement are approximately RMB477.8 million,
RMB488.4 million and RMB493.7 million respectively.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the aggregate transaction amount under the 2023 Master Car
Parking Space Leasing Agreement was approximately RMB167.7 million, which has not exceeded the 2025
annual cap of RMB493.7 million.




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   65
     2.       Property Management and Related Services
     On 30 December 2022, the Company renewed the master property management and related services
     agreement (the “2023 Master Property Management and Related Services Agreement”) with China
     Evergrande Group, pursuant to which the Group agreed to provide to the Evergrande Associates property
     management and related services, including but not limited to (i) property management services for
     unsold properties and properties owned by the Evergrande Associates; (ii) pre-delivery services including
     management and maintenance services for construction sites, show flats and property sales centres,
     preliminary planning and design consultancy services at the pre-delivery stage, pre-delivery cleaning services
     and pre-delivery inspection services; and (iii) repair and maintenance services during the warranty period of
     residential and commercial properties developed by the Evergrande Associates (the “Property Management
     and Related Services”) for a term of 3 years commencing from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025.

     The fees to be charged for the Property Management and Related Services was determined after arm’s
     length negotiations with reference to the prevailing market price (having taken into account the location
     and condition of the property, the scope of services and the anticipated operational costs including but not
     limited to labor costs, administrative costs and costs of materials), historical transaction amounts and the
     prices charged by the Group for providing comparable services to independent third parties.

     For the three years ended 31 December 2025, the respective annual caps for the transactions contemplated
     under the 2023 Master Property Management and Related Services Agreement are RMB478.5 million,
     RMB457.5 million and RMB487.1 million respectively.

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the aggregate transaction amount under the 2023 Master Property
     Management and Related Services Agreement was approximately RMB30.5 million, which has not exceeded
     the 2025 annual cap of RMB487.1 million.

     China Evergrande Group is the holding company of the Company and is therefore a connected person of
     the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under each of (i) the 2023 Master Car
     Parking Space Leasing Agreement and (ii) the 2023 Master Property Management and Related Services
     Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.




66   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Confirmations
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the
above continuing connected transactions as set out above and confirmed that they were entered into:

1.   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

2.   on normal commercial terms or better; and

3.   in accordance with the respective agreements governing the above-mentioned continuing connected
     transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

Furthermore, in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Group has engaged its auditors to
report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions.

The auditors of the Group have issued a letter to the Board confirming that nothing has come to their
attention that causes them to believe that the above continuing connected transactions:

1.   have not been approved by the Board;

2.   where such transactions involve the provision of goods or services by the Group, have not been carried
     out in accordance with the Group’s pricing policies in all material respects;

3.   have not carried out in accordance with the agreements governing the transactions in all material
     respects; and

4.   have exceeded the relevant annual caps.


Related Party Transactions
Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are disclosed
in Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Save as disclosed above, during the year
ended 31 December 2025, none of the related party transactions constituted a connected transaction or
continuing connected transaction subject to independent Shareholders’ approval, annual review and all
disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   67
     Controlling Shareholders’ Interests in Contracts of Significance
     Saved as disclosed in this annual report, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries entered into any
     significant contracts with the controlling shareholders of the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the year
     ended 31 December 2025.


     Employee and Remuneration Policy
     As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed a total of 100,567 employees. The Group recruits and
     promotes individuals based on merit and their development potentials. Remuneration package offered to all
     employees including Directors is determined with reference to their performance and the prevailing salary
     levels in the market.

     The remuneration packages of Directors are recommended by the Remuneration Committee to the Board
     after considering factors such as the remuneration packages of comparable positions in similar companies,
     business needs, personal experience, Director’s performance and responsibilities, and are then determined
     and adjusted by the Board upon review.


     Commitments
     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had no material commitments.


     Independence Confirmation
     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation of
     independence. The Board is satisfied with the independence of each of the independent non-executive
     Directors with reference to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


     Corporate Governance
     The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. Further information on
     the Company’s corporate governance practices is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 33
     to 53.


     Foreign Exchange Risks
     Details of the foreign exchange risks are set out in Note 5.1.1(i) to the financial statements on page 112.


     Purchase, Sale and Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold
     or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sales or transfer of treasury shares).

     As of 31 December 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.



68   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Disclosure Pursuant to Rule 13.20 of the Listing Rules
So far as the Directors are aware, as of 31 December 2025, there were no circumstances which would give
rise to a disclosure obligation under Rule 13.20 of the Listing Rules in relation to the Company’s advance to
an entity.


Events after the Reporting Period
Save as disclosed below, there have been no other material subsequent events that have occurred to the
Group after 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report.


Progress of the Potential Transaction
The joint and several liquidators of China Evergrande Group and CEG Holdings have been seeking
opportunities to dispose of, among other things, the shares in the Company held by China Evergrande
Group and CEG Holdings (the “Potential Transaction”). As of the date of this report, the latest progress of
the Potential Transaction is as follows: China Evergrande Group and CEG Holdings (collectively, the “Potential
Sellers”) have entered into an exclusivity agreement with a selected bidder (the “Potential Purchaser”),
pursuant to which the Potential Sellers and the Potential Purchaser have agreed to conduct exclusive
negotiations in respect of the Potential Transaction for a period of 30 business days (unless otherwise
agreed or determined under the exclusivity agreement). Currently, discussions between the Potential Sellers
and the Potential Purchaser are ongoing, and the parties are negotiating the terms of the formal sale and
purchase agreement in respect of the Potential Transaction. For details of the above matters, please refer to
the announcements of the Company dated 11 September 2025, 15 October 2025, 14 November 2025, 19
December 2025, 13 January 2026, 6 February 2026, 11 March 2026, and 14 April 2026.


Continuing Connected Transactions
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 27 March 2026 in relation to continuing
connected transactions (the “Announcement”). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used in
this announcement shall have the same meanings as those ascribed to them in the Announcement.


As disclosed in the Announcement, the 2023 CCT Agreements, which are the framework agreements that
set out the principal terms and the annual caps of the continuing connected transactions between members
of the Group and members of the China Evergrande (In Liquidation) Group. While the framework agreements
expired on 31 December 2025, the outstanding individual agreements entered into between members of the
Group and members of the China Evergrande (In Liquidation) Group pursuant to the framework agreements
remain effective.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    69
     To ensure compliance with the provisions of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the Company originally
     intended to enter into new framework agreements on terms substantially similar to the 2023 CCT
     Agreements with China Evergrande (In Liquidation) to set out the principal terms of the continuing connected
     transactions between members of the Group and members of the China Evergrande (In Liquidation) Group
     and the 2026 annual cap.

     The Company held multiple rounds of conversation with the joint and several liquidators of China Evergrande
     (In Liquidation) in relation to the entering into of the new framework agreements. Owing to their statutory
     duties and the current status of the liquidation proceedings, the liquidators considered it inappropriate for
     them to enter into long-term commercial arrangements on behalf of China Evergrande (In Liquidation). As
     such, the entering into of the new framework agreements could not proceed.

     As the Company was unable to enter into new framework agreements with the China Evergrande (In
     Liquidation), to comply with the provisions of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and keep the Shareholders
     informed of the continuing connected transactions between members of the Group and members of the
     China Evergrande (In Liquidation) Group, and as an alternative disclosure, the Company discloses by way
     of Announcement the principal terms for the provision of services between members of the Group and
     members of the China Evergrande (In Liquidation) Group and the estimated maximum aggregate transaction
     amounts in 2026 under the outstanding individual agreements, which would have been the annual caps had
     the new framework agreements been entered into:

     (i)    The estimated maximum aggregate transaction amount for property management and related services
            in 2026 is RMB 83.8 million;

     (ii)   The estimated maximum transaction amount for leasing car parking spaces in 2026 is RMB190.7
            million.


     Financial Summary
     A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five years is set out on page 170.


     Pre-emptive Rights
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands requiring the
     Company to offer new Shares to the existing shareholders of the Company in proportion to their respective
     shareholders if new Shares are issued.




70   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Tax Relief
The Board is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the shareholders of the Company due to
their holding of the Company’s securities.


Sufficiency of Public Float
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as
at the date of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the Listing
Rules.


Auditors
On 16 January 2023, PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) resigned as auditor of the Company upon the
recommendation of the Company. On the same day, the Board appointed Prism Hong Kong Limited
(“Prism”, formerly known as Prism Hong Kong and Shanghai Limited) as the new auditor of the Company to
fill the casual vacancy following the resignation of PwC. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 16 January 2023 in relation to the change of auditor. There has been no change in auditors
since then. The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025
have been audited by Prism, Certified Public Accountants, who shall retire and, being eligible, have offered
themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. A resolution will
be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting for the re-appointment of Prism as auditor of the
Company.




On behalf of the Board
Duan Shengli
Chairman

Hong Kong, 27 March 2026




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    71
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 81
     to 169, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
     changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
     consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
     position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
     consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by
     the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
     compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
     HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for
     the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group
     in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”) as applicable to
     audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
     in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




72   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

1.    Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables

      Refer to note 21 to the consolidated financial   Our procedures in relation to the management ’ s
      statement and accounting policies on pages       judgements and estimates used in the expected
      99 to 100.                                       credit losses assessment of trade and other
                                                       receivables included:
      As at 31 December 2025, the carrying
      amount of trade and other receivables            —      Understand the Group ’ s internal controls
      was RMB3,170,458,000 and credit losses                  and evaluation procedures for expected
      allowance of RMB151,289,000 was recognised              credit losses on trade and other receivables,
      in profit or loss for the year ended 31                 and assess the inherent risks of material
      December 2025.                                          misstatement based on the level of estimation
                                                              uncertainty and other inherent risk factors,
                                                              such as complexity and subjectivity;




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   73
     Key audit matter                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

          As the assessment of the expected credit        —    Evaluate the appropriateness of the
          loss allowance of trade and other receivables        methods used and the reasonableness of
          involves significant management estimates,           the key assumptions by: (i) Based on our
          we have identified the expected credit losses        understanding of the Group ’ s business
          of trade and other receivables as a key audit        processes, credit control procedures and the
          matter.                                              credit risk characteristics of trade and other
                                                               receivables, evaluate the appropriateness
                                                               of debtors grouping; (ii) Refer to the credit
                                                               information and historical settlement
                                                               performance of debtors to evaluate the
                                                               reasonableness of the key assumptions
                                                               used to estimate loss rates, and corroborate
                                                               management ’ s explanations together with
                                                               publicly available information and corroborating
                                                               evidence; and (iii) Refer to the understanding
                                                               of the Group’s business, industry and external
                                                               macroeconomic data, challenge and evaluate
                                                               management ’ s assessment of debtors ’
                                                               financial condition, current market conditions
                                                               and forward-looking factors;




74   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     As disclosed in note 21 to the consolidated         —     Test on a sample basis the accuracy of
     financial statements, the management uses                 management ’ s aging analysis of trade
     a provision matrix to calculate expected                  receivables based on supporting documents;
     credit losses on trade receivables, with the
                                                         —     Check the mathematical accuracy of the
     provision rates determined based on the
                                                               calculation of the loss allowance; and
     aging of each debtor, which are considered
     to have similar loss patterns and take into         —     Evaluate the adequacy of disclosures related
     account historical default rates and forward-             to expected credit losses on trade and other
     looking information. For other receivables, the           receivables.
     management measures the loss allowance
                                                         Based on the above, we found that the key
     equal to 12-month expected credit loss,
                                                         judgments and estimates made by management
     unless when there has a significant increase in
                                                         for the expected credit loss assessment of trade
     credit risk since initial recognition, the Group
                                                         and other receivables are supported by available
     recognises lifetime expected credit losses.
                                                         evidence.
     The assessment of whether lifetime expected
     credit losses should be recognised is based
     on significant increase in the likelihood or risk
     of a default occurring since initial recognition.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   75
     Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     2.   Impairment assessment of goodwill and property management contracts and customer relationships

          Refer to note 18 to the consolidated financial      Our procedures in relation to the managements
          statements and accounting policies on page          judgements and estimates used in the impairment
          96 to 97.                                           assessment of goodwill and property management
                                                              contracts and customer relationships included:
          As at 31 December 2025, the Group ’ s
          goodwill and property management                    —    Understand and evaluate over the impairment
          contracts and customer relationships were                assessment of goodwill and property
          RMB930,418,000 and RMB437,285,000                        management contracts and customer
          respectively.                                            relationships, and assess the inherent risks of
                                                                   material misstatements based on the degree
          As disclosed in note 18 to the consolidated              of estimation uncertainty and level of other
          financial statements, management assesses                factors, such as complexity, subjectivity,
          impairment of goodwill and property                      change and susceptibility to management bias
          management contracts and customer                        or fraud;
          relationships by estimating the recoverable
          amounts of the cash-generating units to             —    Evaluate the competency, capabilities and
          which goodwill and property management                   objectivity of the external valuer;
          contracts and customer relationships have
                                                              —    Challenge and evaluate the reasonableness
          been allocated. The value-in-use calculations
                                                                   of the key assumptions and input adopted
          require the Group to estimate the expected
                                                                   by management through: (i) Evaluate the
          future cash flows of the cash-generating units,
                                                                   accuracy of historical cash flow forecasts,
          long-term growth rates and suitable discount
                                                                   for example, comparing forecasts used last
          rates. The Group engages an independent
                                                                   year with actual business performance in the
          valuer to assist in the estimation. The key
                                                                   current year; (ii) Evaluate the reasonableness
          estimates involved in preparing the expected
                                                                   of the key assumptions used in the cash flow
          future cash flows include (i) expected growth
                                                                   forecasts, including expected growth rates of
          rates of revenue; (ii) terminal growth rates; and
                                                                   revenue by comparing with historical financial
          (iii) pre-tax discount rates.
                                                                   data and approved budgets; (iii) for terminal
          We have identified impairment of goodwill                growth rates, we evaluate them with reference
          and property management contracts and                    to long-term expected inflation rates based on
          customer relationships as a key audit matter             our independent research; and (iv) Evaluate
          due to the overall significance of the balances          the pre-tax discount rate with reference to
          to the consolidated financial statements, and            comparable listed companies based on our
          the significant degree of estimation made                industry knowledge and independent research;
          by the Group for the recoverable amounts
          of the cash-generating units allocated to the
          goodwill and property management contracts
          and customer relationships.




76   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                                       —      Perform sample testing of source data,
                                                              such as approved budgets and publicly
                                                              available market data and consider their
                                                              reasonableness;

                                                       —      Evaluate the reasonableness of management’s
                                                              sensitivity analysis of key assumptions to
                                                              understand the impact of reasonable changes
                                                              in assumptions on recoverable amounts; and

                                                       —      Evaluate whether the judgements made and
                                                              key assumptions selected in choosing the
                                                              method would give rise to signs of potential
                                                              management bias.


OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. Other information comprises the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   77
     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
     FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
     give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA and
     the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as
     the directors of the Company determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
     statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
     assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
     going concern and using going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either
     intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s consolidated financial reporting
     process.


     AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
     a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
     that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our
     engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
     other person for the contents of this report.

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
     accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
     from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
     expected, to influence the economic decisions that users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
     statements.




78   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
      obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
      not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
      as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
      that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
      conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
      the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
      to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
      going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
      transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
      work performed for purpose of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report    79
     We communicate with those charged with governance, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
     of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
     may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
     threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
     were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
     therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
     precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
     a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
     reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Lee Kwok Lun.




     Prism Hong Kong Limited
     Certified Public Accountants


     Lee Kwok Lun
     Practising Certificate Number: P06294
     Hong Kong
     27 March 2026




80   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                              Notes        RMB’000              RMB’000

Revenue                                                        8          13,677,623          12,756,687
Cost of sales                                                            (11,173,017)        (10,313,250)

Gross profit                                                               2,504,606           2,443,437
Other income                                                    9            104,227             185,275
Other losses                                                   10             (31,304)            (48,222)
Impairment losses on financial assets, net                                  (151,289)           (130,890)
Fair value losses on investment properties                                       (922)                 (43)
Administrative and marketing expenses                                       (942,248)           (975,422)

Operating profit                                                           1,483,070           1,474,135
Fair value gains on financial liabilities at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                          –               2,753
Finance costs                                                  13           (125,334)            (69,536)

Profit before income tax                                                   1,357,736           1,407,352
Income tax expenses                                            14           (348,590)           (375,327)

Profit for the year                                                        1,009,146           1,032,025

Profit attributable to:
– Owners of the Company                                                     986,573            1,020,987
– Non-controlling interests                                                  22,573               11,038

                                                                           1,009,146           1,032,025

Other comprehensive income
Item that maybe reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange difference arising on translation of
   financial statements of foreign operations                                 (2,256)              1,197

Total comprehensive income for the year                                    1,006,890           1,033,222

Total comprehensive income attributable to:
– Owners of the Company                                                     984,317            1,022,184
– Non-controlling interests                                                  22,573               11,038

                                                                           1,006,890           1,033,222

Earnings per share
– Basic and diluted                                            15          RMB0.09              RMB0.09

The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in
conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   81
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                         AT 31 DECEMBER

                                                                            2025           2024
                                                               Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000

     Assets
     Non-current assets
       Property and equipment                                   17        81,957          67,908
       Right-of-use assets                                      29        39,503          22,860
       Intangible assets                                        18     1,380,046     1,498,280
       Investment properties                                    19         4,255           5,177
       Investments accounted for using equity method            20        68,197          52,526
       Deferred tax assets                                      30       488,036       509,045

     Total non-current assets                                          2,061,994     2,155,796

     Current assets
       Trade and other receivables                              21     3,170,458     3,152,306
       Prepayments                                              22        65,730          59,519
       Inventories                                              23         5,983           4,624
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    –      503,180
       Restricted cash                                          25       120,911       137,549
       Cash and cash equivalents                                24     4,189,546     2,697,369

     Total current assets                                              7,552,628     6,554,547

     Total assets                                                      9,614,622     8,710,343

     Equity
       Share capital                                            26         7,060           7,060
       Reserves                                                 27     (5,801,872)   (5,969,520)
       Retained earnings                                               7,398,449     6,517,066

     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                      1,603,637       554,606
     Non-controlling interests                                  33       346,223       422,568

     Total equity                                                      1,949,860       977,174




82   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              AT 31 DECEMBER

                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                              Notes          RMB’000           RMB’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
  Other payables                                               32              75,000            75,053
  Lease liabilities                                            29              23,215            11,008
  Deferred tax liabilities                                     30             101,424           123,942

Total non-current liabilities                                                 199,639           210,003

Current liabilities
  Contract liabilities                                          8           2,623,690         2,755,007
  Trade and other payables                                     28           3,956,800         4,222,898
  Current tax liabilities                                                     813,097           461,143
  Lease liabilities                                            29              71,536            84,118

Total current liabilities                                                   7,465,123         7,523,166

Total liabilities                                                           7,664,762         7,733,169

Total equity and liabilities                                                9,614,622         8,710,343


The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




The consolidated financial statements on pages 81 to 169 were approved by the Board of Directors and
signed on its behalf on 27 March 2026.


                         Duan Shengli                                     Han Chao
                            Director                                       Director




                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   83
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                         Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                   Non
                                                          Share                  Retained                    controlling
                                                         Capital    Reserves     earnings      Subtotal         interest       Total
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

     Balance at 31 December 2023                           7,060   (6,082,397)   5,607,762     (467,575)       486,786       19,211
     Balance at 1 January 2024                             7,060   (6,082,397)   5,607,762     (467,575)       486,786       19,211
     Profit for the year                                       –            –    1,020,987    1,020,987          11,038    1,032,025
     Currency translation differences                          –       1,197             –       1,197                –       1,197

                                                               –       1,197     1,020,987    1,022,184          11,038    1,033,222

     Transactions with owners of the Company
     Capital injection from non-controlling interest           –            –            –             –          1,254       1,254
     Dividend distributed to non-controlling interest          –            –            –             –        (60,816)     (60,816)
     Acquisition of additional interests in
       non-wholly owned subsidiaries                           –            –            –             –        (15,694)     (15,694)
     Transfer to statutory reserve                             –     111,683      (111,683)            –              –            –
     Others                                                    –           (3)           –             (3)            –           (3)

     Balance at 31 December 2024                           7,060   (5,969,520)   6,517,066     554,606         422,568      977,174

     Balance at 1 January 2025                             7,060   (5,969,520)   6,517,066     554,606         422,568      977,174
     Profit for the year                                       –            –     986,573      986,573           22,573    1,009,146
     Currency translation differences                          –       (2,256)           –       (2,256)              –       (2,256)

                                                               –       (2,256)    986,573      984,317           22,573    1,006,890

     Transactions with owners of the Company
     Capital injection from non-controlling interest           –            –            –             –            480         480
     Dividend distributed to non-controlling interest          –            –            –             –        (34,667)     (34,667)
     Acquisition of additional interests in
       non-wholly owned subsidiaries                           –      64,718             –      64,718          (64,718)           –
     Transfer to statutory reserve                             –     105,186      (105,186)            –              –            –
     Others                                                    –            –           (4)            (4)          (13)         (17)

     Balance at 31 December 2025                           7,060   (5,801,872)   7,398,449    1,603,637        346,223     1,949,860


     The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.

84   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                           2025                2024
                                                         Notes         RMB’000             RMB’000

Cash flows of operating activities
  Net cash generated from operation                        31         1,303,370           2,264,742
  PRC enterprises income tax paid                                        (80,346)        (1,140,149)

Net cash from operating activities                                    1,223,024           1,124,593

Cash flows of investing activities
  Purchases of property and equipment                      17            (41,669)           (34,441)
  Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                         4,021              2,206
  Purchases of intangible assets                                          (1,036)             (4,489)
  Net payments for consideration payables for
    acquisition of subsidiaries in prior years                          (147,375)           (93,062)
  Capital injection into associates                                       (7,820)           (10,862)
  Purchases of financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                                            (1,815,010)        (1,280,000)
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets
    at fair value through profit or loss                              2,319,729           1,197,474
  Dividend income from associates                                          6,988              5,939
  Interest received                                                      19,069              16,573

Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                  336,897            (200,662)

Cash flows of financing activities
  Principal portion of lease payments                                    (35,651)           (38,878)
  Capital injection from non-controlling interest                           480               1,254
  Dividend distributed to non-controlling interest                       (27,864)           (60,816)
  Interest paid on lease liabilities                                      (2,453)           (10,169)

Net cash used in financing activities                                    (65,488)          (108,609)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                             1,494,433             815,322
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                      2,697,369           1,880,850
  Exchange (losses)/gains on cash and cash equivalents                    (2,256)             1,197

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                              4,189,546           2,697,369

The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.



                                                                                    2025 Annual Report   85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

     1.     GENERAL INFORMATION
            Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman
            Islands on 13 March 2020 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act
            (Cap. 22. Act 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of the
            Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-
            1111, Cayman Islands.

            The Company ’ s ultimate holding company is China Evergrande Group (in liquidation) (“ China
            Evergrande Group”), an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
            and its shares were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), but
            were delisted from the Stock Exchange on 25 August 2025.

            The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are
            primarily engaged in the provision of property management services, community living services, asset
            management services and community operation services.

            The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and rounded to nearest
            RMB’000, unless otherwise stated.


     2.     BASIS OF PRESENTATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (i)    Compliance with HKFRS Accounting Standards and Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
            The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS
            Accounting Standards (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
            Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
            Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
            Ordiance Cap.622.


     (ii)   Historical cost convention
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for
            investment properties, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and contingent consideration
            payables that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period.

            The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards
            requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its
            judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher
            degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the
            consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 6.



86   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
3.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO THE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
      STANDARDS
      Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the current year

      In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
      issued by the HKICPA for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning
      on or after 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

      Amendments to HKAS 21                    Lack of Exchangeability

3.1   Impact of Applying the Amendments to HKAS 21 “Lack of Exchangeability”
      The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year.

      The amendments specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
      currency at the measurement date when exchangeability is temporarily lacking, and how to estimate
      the spot exchange rate of that currency at the measurement date.

      The amendments aim to require entities to disclose relevant information so that users of financial
      statements can understand the impact of currency not being exchangeable.

      The amendments permit early application by an entity. In applying the amendment, an entity should
      not restate comparative information. As at the date of initial application, an entity should determine
      the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments and adjust the opening balance of retained
      earnings, or present the cumulative translation difference in a separate equity item (if applicable).

      The application of the amendments in the current year had no material impact on the consolidated
      financial statements.




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report   87
     3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO THE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
          STANDARDS (continued)
          New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective

          The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
          that have been issued but are not yet effective:

          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                               Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                             Financial Instruments 2
          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                               Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 2
          Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                             its Associate or Joint Venture 1
          Amendments to HKFRS                                             Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting
              Accounting Standards                                           Standards – Volume 11 2
          Amendments to HKAS 21                                           Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency 3
          HKFRS 18                                                        Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 3
          HKFRS 19                                                        Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 3
          1
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
          2
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
          3
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.




88   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO THE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
     STANDARDS (continued)
     The directors of the Company are in the process of making an assessment of what the impacts
     of these new standards and amendments to standards are expected to be in the period of initial
     application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact
     on the consolidated financial statements except for the following:

     HKFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”

     HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1 “Presentation of financial statements”, introducing new requirements
     that will help to achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more
     relevant information and transparency to users. Even though HKFRS 18 will not impact the recognition
     or measurement of items in the consolidated financial statements, HKFRS 18 introduces significant
     changes to the presentation of financial statements, with a focus on information about financial
     performance present in the statement of profit or loss, which will affect how the Group present and
     disclose financial performance in the financial statements. The key changes introduced in HKFRS 18
     relate to (i) the structure of the statement of profit or loss, (ii) required disclosures for management-
     defined performance measures (which are referred to alternative or non-GAAP performance
     measures), and (iii) enhanced requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of information.

     The directors of the Company are currently assessing the impact of applying HKFRS 18 on the
     presentation and the disclosures of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    89
     4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     4.1   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
     4.1.1 Subsidiaries
           Subsidiaries are entities (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The Group
           controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
           with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries
           are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated
           from the date that control ceases.

           Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
           are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
           impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
           necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

           Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
           consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity and
           consolidated statement of financial position respectively.


     4.1.2 Associates
           Associates are all entities over which the group has significant influence but not control or joint
           control. This is generally the case where the group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
           Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see 4.1.4 below),
           after initially being recognised at cost.


     4.1.3 Joint arrangements
           Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint
           operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of
           each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement. The Group has a joint venture
           only.


           Joint ventures
           Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (see 4.1.4 below), after initially
           being recognised at cost in the consolidated statement of financial position.




90   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.1   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (continued)
4.1.4 Equity method
      Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
      thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
      profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in
      other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are
      recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

      Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
      the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further
      losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity. Unrealised
      gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to
      the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the
      transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity
      accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies
      adopted by the Group. The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment
      in accordance with the policy described in Note 4.9.


4.1.5 Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
      The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
      transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
      between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
      interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
      interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity
      attributable to owners of the Group.




                                                                                          2025 Annual Report    91
     4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.2   Business combination
           The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless
           of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the
           acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:

           •      fair values of the assets transferred,

           •      liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business,

           •      equity interests issued by the Group, if any,

           •      fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

           •      fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

           Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
           are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
           recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis
           either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net
           identifiable assets.

           Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

           The excess of the:

           •      consideration transferred,

           •      amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

           •      acquisition date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity.

           over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts
           are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is
           recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.




92   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.2   Business combination (continued)
      Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
      discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s
      incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an
      independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration is classified
      either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently
      remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

      If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
      previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any
      gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.


4.3   Separate financial statements
      In the Company’s statement of financial position, the investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at
      cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries
      are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

      Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
      investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
      dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
      exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
      including goodwill.


4.4   Segment reporting
      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
      chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”). The CODM who is responsible for allocating resources and
      assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors that
      makes strategic decisions.


4.5   Foreign currency translation
(a)   Functional and presentation currency
      Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group ’ s entities are measured using
      the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
      currency ” ). Consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company ’ s
      functional currency and the Group’s presentation currency.


                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    93
     4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.5   Foreign currency translation (continued)
     (b)   Transactions and balances
           Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
           at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
           such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
           currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.

           Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the statement of profit or
           loss, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement
           of profit or loss on a net basis within other losses.


     (c)   Group entities
           The results and financial positions of the group entities (none of which has the currency of a
           hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
           translated into the presentation currency as follows:

           •      assets and liabilities of each statement of financial position of the group entities are translated at
                  the closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

           •      income and expenses of each statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                  of the group entities are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable
                  approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which
                  case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and

           •      all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

           On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign
           operations are taken into equity holders’ equity. When a foreign operation is partially disposed of or
           sold, exchange differences that were recorded in equity are recognised in the income statement as
           part of the gain or loss on sale.


     4.6   Property and equipment
           Property and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and any impairment loss.
           Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

           Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
           appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
           to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are
           recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.

94   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.6   Property and equipment (continued)
      Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values
      over their estimated useful lives or, in case of leasehold improvements, and certain leased properties,
      the shorter lease term, as follows:

      — Owned properties                                       20 years
      — Machinery                                              3-10 years
      — Vehicles                                               4 years
      — Furniture, fitting and equipment                       5 years

      The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
      each reporting period.

      An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
      carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

      Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount
      and are recognised within “other income” in the statement of comprehensive income.


4.7   Investment properties
      Property that is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not
      occupied by the Group, is classified as investment property. Properties and land use right that
      are currently being constructed or developed for future use as investment property is classified as
      investment property.

      Investment property is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs.

      After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Where fair value of investment
      property under construction is not reliably measurable, the property is measured at cost until the earlier
      of the date construction is completed or the date at which fair value becomes reliably measurable.
      Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature,
      location or condition of the specific asset. If this information is not available, the Group uses alternative
      valuation methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow projections.




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report     95
     4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.7   Investment properties (continued)
           Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future
           economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be
           measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are recognised in profit or loss during the
           financial period in which they are incurred.

           Changes in fair values of investment property are recognised in profit or loss.

           If an investment property becomes owner-occupied or commences to be further developed for sale,
           it is reclassified as property, plant and equipment and land use right or properties under development,
           and its fair value at the date of change in use becomes its cost for accounting purposes.

           If an item of property, plant and equipment becomes an investment property because its use has
           changed, any difference resulting between the carrying amount and the fair value of this item at the
           date of transfer is recognised in equity as a revaluation of property, plant and equipment under HKAS
           16. However, if a fair value gain reverses a previous impairment loss, the gain is recognised in profit or
           loss to the extent the impairment provision previous made.


     4.8   Intangible assets
     (a)   Goodwill
           Goodwill is measured as described in Note 4.2. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in
           intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently
           if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less
           accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying
           amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

           Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of impairment testing. The
           allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected
           to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are
           identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being
           the operating segments.




96   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.8   Intangible assets (continued)
(b)   Property management contracts and customer relationships
      Property management contracts and customer relationships acquired in business combinations are
      recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. The property management contracts and customer
      relationships have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation
      is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful lives of the respective contracts.
      The expected useful lives of customer relationships is 10 years.


(c)   Computer software
      Acquired computer software programmes are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire
      and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives of 2
      to 10 years on a straight-line basis.


4.9   Impairment of non-financial assets
      Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and
      are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
      that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes
      in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
      recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
      recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use.

      For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are
      separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets
      or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
      impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.

      Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal
      of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report    97
     4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.10 Investments and other financial assets
     4.10.1 Classification
           The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

           •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income,
                  or through profit or loss), and

           •      those to be measured at amortised cost.

           The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
           contractual terms of the cash flows.

           For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other
           comprehensive income. For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model
           in which the investment is held. For investments in equity instruments, this will depend on whether
           the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
           investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.

           The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those
           assets changes.


     4.10.2 Recognition and derecognition
           Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
           the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
           receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
           transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.




98   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)
4.10.3 Measurement
      At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
      asset not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are directly attributable
      to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are
      expensed in profit or loss.


      Debt instruments
      Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing
      the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset.

      The Group only held debt instruments classified as financial assets at amortised costs.

      Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
      payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these
      financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss
      arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses)
      together with foreign exchange gains or losses. Impairment losses are presented as a separate line
      item in the statement of profit or loss.


      Equity instruments
      The group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Changes in the fair value of
      financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the statement of profit or loss as
      applicable.


4.10.4 Impairment
      The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with its
      debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether
      there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

      Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (i.e. the present value of all
      cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial assets.

      For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
      requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the assets. The provision
      matrix is determined based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the trade
      receivables with similar credit risk characteristics and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates. At
      every reporting date the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-
      looking estimates are analysed.



                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report     99
      4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      4.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)
      4.10.4 Impairment (continued)
            Impairment of other receivables are measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime
            expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk
            since initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial
            recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.


      4.11 Offsetting financial instruments
            Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement
            of financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there
            is an intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
            The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the
            normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the
            counterparty.


      4.12 Interest income
            Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method.


      4.13 Trade receivables
            Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the
            ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less
            (or in the normal operating cycle of business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they
            are presented as non-current assets.


            Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
            they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
            holds trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore
            measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


      4.14 Cash and cash equivalents
            For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include
            cash on hand and at banks.




100   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.15 Share capital
     Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new
     shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


4.16 Trade and other payables
     Such amounts represent the Group’s unpaid liabilities arising from the receipt of goods or services
     prior to the end of the financial year. If the payment term is 12 months or less, such amounts are
     classified as current liabilities; otherwise, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

     Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
     cost using the effective interest method.


4.17 Borrowings
     Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
     subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
     costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings
     using the effective interest method. Fees paid to the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as
     transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that part or all of the facility will be drawn
     down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs.

     To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down,
     the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility
     to which it relates.

     Borrowings are removed from the statement of financial position when the obligation specified in the
     contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial
     liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including
     any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

     Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
     settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.


4.18 Borrowing costs
     All borrowing costs are recognised in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income in the
     period in which they incurred.




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report    101
      4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      4.19 Current and deferred income tax
            The income tax expense for the current period is the tax payable on the current period ’s taxable
            income based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred
            tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.


      (a)   Current income tax
            The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
            enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries operate
            and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns
            with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes
            provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.


      (b)   Deferred income tax
            Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
            between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
            statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition
            of goodwill. The deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset
            or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
            neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
            temporary differences.

            Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
            enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred
            income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

            Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable
            profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

            Deferred income tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the
            carrying amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able
            to control timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
            difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




102   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.19 Current and deferred income tax (continued)
(b)   Deferred income tax (continued)
      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
      tax assets and liabilities where the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current
      tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and
      intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

      Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to item
      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised
      in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


4.20 Employee benefits
(a)   Pension obligations
      The Group only operates defined contribution pension plans. In accordance with the rules and
      regulations in the PRC, the PRC based employees of the Group participate in various defined
      contribution retirement benefit plans organised by the relevant municipal and provincial governments
      in the PRC under which the Group and the PRC based employees are required to make monthly
      contributions to these plans calculated as a percentage of the employees’ salaries. The municipal
      and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of all existing
      and future retired PRC based employees’ payable under the plans described above. Other than the
      monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of retirement and other
      post-retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are held separately from those of
      the Group in independently administrated funds managed by the governments.

      The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement scheme are expensed as incurred.


(b)   Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances
      Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government-supervised
      housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a
      monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject
      to certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable
      in each year. Contributions to the housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances are
      expensed as incurred.




                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report   103
      4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      4.20 Employee benefits (continued)
      (c)   Termination benefits
            Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
            retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
            benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) when
            the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity recognises
            costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the payment of termination
            benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are
            measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more
            than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to their present value.


      (d)   Short-term obligations
            Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave that
            are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees
            render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the
            reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
            The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in the statement of financial
            position.


      4.21 Provisions
            Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognised when the
            Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an
            outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated.
            Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

            Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
            settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
            even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of
            obligations may be small.

            Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure
            required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used
            to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
            value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage
            of time is recognised as interest expense.



104   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.22 Revenue recognition
     The Group provides property management services, community living services, asset management
     services and community operation services.

     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control”
     of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
     customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
     distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
     towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
     met:

     •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
            performance as the Group performs;

     •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the
            Group performs; or

     •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
            Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
     good or service.


     Principal versus agent
     When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
     whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
     services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by
     the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

     The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
     transferred to a customer.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report    105
      4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      4.22 Revenue recognition (continued)
           Principal versus agent (continued)
            The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good
            or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service
            provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group
            acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to
            be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other
            party.

            When the Group is acting as a principal, the associated revenue is recognised in gross amount and
            when the Group is acting as an agent, the associated revenue is recognised in net amount.

           Property management services
            Property management services comprise basic property management services and value-added
            services to non-property owners. In respect of basic property management services, the Group bills
            a fixed amount on a monthly basis for services rendered and recognises revenue at the amount that
            the Group is entitled to bill, which corresponds directly to the value of performance completed. The
            Group’s revenue is primarily derived from revenue from basic property management services for
            properties managed on a lump sum basis, whereby the Group is entitled to revenue based on the
            value of property management service fees received or receivable.

            Value-added services to non-property owners comprise (i) pre-property management services,
            including cleaning, greening and repair and maintenance services, which are billed on a monthly
            basis, with revenue recognised over time when the services are provided; and (ii) home inspection and
            predelivery cleaning services for property developers, with revenue recognised when the services are
            provided and accepted by customers.




106   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.22 Revenue recognition (continued)
     Community living services
      Revenue from community living services mainly comprises: (i) community group purchasing services,
      which involves purchasing goods from third-party suppliers and selling them to third- party customers,
      with revenue recognised on a gross basis when the third-party customer obtains control of the
      relevant goods; (ii) housekeeping services, which involves the provision of services such as household
      cleaning, laundry and in-home repairs, etc., to third parties, with revenue recognised when the
      services are provided and accepted by customers; (iii) home decoration and home furnishing, which
      refers to the provision of partial remodelling, wall treatment, whole-house renovation and other home
      improvement related services and turnkey services to customers, with revenue recognised when the
      services are provided and accepted by the customers; (iv) Community tourism services, which provide
      property owners with a variety of guided travel experiences covering both long-distance and short-
      distance trips; revenue is recognized when the services are provided and accepted by the customer;
      and (v) revenue from other community convenience services, including direct drinking water, charging
      station services, etc., which is charged for each of the services provided and recognised when the
      relevant services are provided.


     Asset management services
      Revenue from asset management services mainly comprises: (i) rental income from leasing of car
      parking spaces from property developers or other property owners and subletting of such car
      parking spaces to property owners; (ii) housing rental and sale services, whereby the Group provides
      intermediary services for transactions such as rental, purchase and sale of housings, and receives
      intermediary service fees from its customers in accordance with the contractual agreements; and
      (iii) management services for the sports and entertainment complexes, which operates sports and
      entertainment complexes mainly located in properties under management and charges service fees
      on a remuneration basis, which is based on a percentage of the revenue of the complexes. The Group
      receives a fee for each service provided and recognises it when the relevant services are provided.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   107
      4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      4.22 Revenue recognition (continued)
           Community operation services
            Revenue from community operation services mainly comprises: (i) commissions on public resource
            management services, which are recognised over time during the period when the services are
            provided; revenue from other activities, which are recognised over time when the services are
            provided; and (ii) other community operation services revenue, which is charged for each service
            provided and recognised over time when the related services are provided.

            If a contract contains multiple services, the transaction price is allocated to each performance
            obligation based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling prices are not
            directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or adjusted market
            assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.

            When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the statement of
            financial position as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the
            Group’s performance and the customer’s payment.

            A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has
            transferred to a customer.

            If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
            unconditional, before the Group transfers services to the customer, the Group presents the contract
            as a contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A
            contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has
            received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

            A receivable is recorded when the Group has an unconditional right to consideration. A right
            to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
            consideration is due.

            Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contact, if recoverable, are capitalised and presented as assets
            and subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.

            When the difference between the transfer of the promised goods or services to customer and the
            payment by the customer is considered significant and implied financing components contained in
            certain contracts, the Group adjust the transaction price for the time value of money.




108   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.23 Earnings per share
     (a)   Basic earnings per share

           Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

           •      the profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity
                  other than ordinary shares

           •      by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                  adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding
                  treasury shares

     (b)   Diluted earnings per share

           Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per
           share to take into account:

           •      the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                  potential ordinary shares, and

           •      the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been
                  outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


4.24 Leases
     A lease is recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the
     leased asset is available for use by the Group.

     Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration
     in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   109
      4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      4.24 Leases (continued)
            Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
            include the net present value of the following lease payments:

            •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable,

            •      variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index
                   or rate as at the commencement date,

            •      amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees,

            •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option,

            •      lease payments to be made under an extension option if the Group is reasonably certain to
                   exercise the option, and

            •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising
                   that option.

            Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
            measurement of the liability.

            The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be
            determined, or the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.

            Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit
            or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
            balance of the liability for each period.

            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

            •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability,

            •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                   received,

            •      any initial direct costs, and

            •      restoration costs.




110   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
4.24 Leases (continued)
      Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease
      term on a straight-line basis.

      Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a
      straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12
      months or less. Low-value assets comprise small items of office equipment.

      Rental income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised on a straight-line
      basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to the
      carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same
      basis as rental income. The respective leased assets are included in the statement of financial position
      based on their nature.


4.25 Dividend distribution
      Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no
      longer at the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at
      the end of the reporting period.


4.26 Government grants
      Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
      that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Government
      grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
      income over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.


4.27 Inventories
      Finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of purchased inventory
      are determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling
      price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated subsequent production costs of completion
      and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report    111
      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      5.1    Financial risk factors
      5.1.1 Market risk
             The Group’s activities are exposed to a variety of financial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity
             risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial
             markets and seeks to minimise the potential adverse impact on the Group’s financial performance.


      (i)    Foreign exchange risk
             The Group’s normal operating activities are principally conducted in RMB since most of the operating
             entities are based in the PRC. The foreign exchange risk mainly arises from monetary assets of certain
             subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies other than their functional currencies. The Group’s
             foreign currency denominated monetary assets at the consolidated statement of financial position as
             at the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                             2025               2024
             Monetary assets                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

             – HK$                                                                         11,364             34,920
             – US$                                                                             25                  57

                                                                                           11,389             34,977


             As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% against the relevant
             foreign currencies with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit for the years ended 31
             December 2025 and 2024 would have been approximately RMB427,000 and RMB1,312,000 lower/
             higher, respectively.


      (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
             The Group is exposed to interest rate risk for certain interest-bearing cash at banks. Cash at banks at
             variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.

             As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, if the interest rate on cash at banks and restricted cash had
             increased/decreased by 0.5% with all other variables held constant, the Group’s post-tax profits
             for the year would have been RMB16,153,000 higher/lower and RMB10,619,000 higher/lower
             respectively, as a result of the increase/decrease in interests derived from cash at banks at variable
             rates.




112   2025 Annual Report
5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
5.1.2 Credit risk
       The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade receivables, other receivables and cash
       deposits at banks. The carrying amounts of trade receivables, other receivables and cash deposits at
       banks represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.


(i)    Risk management
       For trade and other receivables, the management of the Group has monitoring procedures to
       ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the
       recoverability of these receivables at the end of each reporting period to ensure that adequate
       impairment losses are made for doubtful debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider
       that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


(ii)   Impairment
       The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
       has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
       To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a
       default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
       recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially
       the following indicators are incorporated:

       •      internal credit rating

       •      external credit rating

       •      actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
              that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability to meet its obligations

       •      actual or expected significant changes in the financial situation of individual property owner or
              the debtor

       •      significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the debtor, including
              changes in the payment status of debtor and individual property owner




                                                                EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED          113
      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      5.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
      5.1.2 Credit risk (continued)
      (ii)   Impairment (continued)
             Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor
             failing to engage in a repayment plan with the company.

             A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss model is as follows:

                                                                                        Basis for recognition of
             Category                       Group definition of category                expected credit loss provision

             Performing                     Customers have a low risk of                12 months expected losses where
                                                  default and a strong capacity           the expected lifetime of an
                                                  to meet contractual cash flows          asset is less than 12 months,
                                                                                          expected losses are measured at
                                                                                          its expected lifetime

             Underperforming                Receivables for which there is              Lifetime expected losses
                                                  a significant increase in credit
                                                  risk; as significant increase in
                                                  credit risk is presumed if interest
                                                  and principal repayments are
                                                  180 days past due

             Non-performing                 Interest and principal repayments           Lifetime expected losses
                                                  are 365 days past due


             The Group accounts for its credit risk by appropriately providing for expected credit losses on a timely
             basis. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each
             category of receivables and adjusts for forward looking macroeconomic data.




114   2025 Annual Report
5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
5.1.2 Credit risk (continued)
(ii)   Impairment (continued)
       Cash deposits at banks
       The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash deposits at banks since
       they are substantially deposited at banks with high credit rating. Management does not expect that
       there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.


       Trade receivables
       The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by
       HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for trade receivables. To
       measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk
       characteristics and aging. The expected credit losses also incorporate forward looking information on
       macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has
       identifies money supply and change in gross domestic product in the PRC as the most relevant factors
       for forward looking adjustments for individual property owners and third party corporate customers,
       and has identified total population in the PRC and the percentage of broad money supply of gross
       domestic production as the most relevant factors for forward looking adjustments for related parties,
       and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.

       As of 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance provision for the trade receivables from
       individual property owners and third party corporate customers was determined as follows,
       respectively. The expected credit losses below also incorporated forward looking information.

                                  Less than    1 to 2    2 to 3     3 to 4      4 to 5       Over 5
                                     1 year     years     years      years      years         years        Total

       Trade receivables from
         third parties
       At 31 December 2025
       Expected loss rate            4.10%    23.50%    32.40%     52.50%      86.80%       100.00%
       Gross carrying amount
         (RMB’000)                1,856,489   507,338   425,563    326,514    299,553       184,674    3,600,131
       Loss allowance provision
         (RMB’000)                  76,116    119,225   137,882    171,420    260,012       184,674     949,329



                                                              EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED           115
      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      5.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
      5.1.2 Credit risk (continued)
      (ii)   Impairment (continued)
             Trade receivables (continued)

                                        Less than     1 to 2     2 to 3     3 to 4     4 to 5     Over 5
                                           1 year     years      years      years      years       years       Total

             Trade receivables from
               third parties
             At 31 December 2024
             Expected loss rate            4.46%    21.91%     35.90%     62.60%      90.00%     100.00%
             Gross carrying amount
               (RMB’000)                1,733,307   647,984    431,064    354,225    136,503      54,576   3,357,659
             Loss allowance provision
               (RMB’000)                  77,383    142,005    154,743    221,760    122,853      54,576    773,320


             As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group used external data method to assess the ECL of
             receivables from related parties which are mainly property developers. The ECL rate was 100% (2024:
             99%) for the trade receivables from related parties. The loss allowance provision as at 31 December
             2025 was RMB2,197,030,000 (2024: RMB2,203,003,000).

             As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the ECL of third parties was assessed based on the aging
             profiles. The loss allowance provision therefore was included in the table above.


             Other receivables
             The Group uses the expected credit loss model above to determine the expected loss provision for
             other receivables. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group has assessed the expected credit
             losses for other receivables for each category.

             To measure the expected credit losses, other receivables have been grouped based on shared credit
             risk characteristics and the days past due.




116   2025 Annual Report
5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.1    Financial risk factors (continued)
5.1.2 Credit risk (continued)
(ii)   Impairment (continued)
       As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance provision for trade and other receivables
       reconciles to the opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                             Trade                    Other
                                                          receivables            receivables        Total
                                                          Lifetime ECL       Lifetime ECL
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000

       At 1 January 2024                                      2,872,880             154,679     3,027,559
       Impairment losses (reversal
         of impairment losses)
         on financial assets                                    144,802              (13,912)    130,890
       Write-offs                                               (41,359)                   –      (41,359)

       At 31 December 2024                                    2,976,323             140,767     3,117,090

       Impairment losses (reversal
         of impairment losses)
         on financial assets                                    162,280              (10,991)    151,289
       Reversal of write-offs                                     7,756                    –       7,756

       At 31 December 2025                                    3,146,359             129,776     3,276,135




                                                             EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED      117
      5.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      5.1   Financial risk factors (continued)
      5.1.3 Liquidity risk
            To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
            deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
            fluctuations in cash flows.

            The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on the
            remaining period at the end of each reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
            disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                                 Between      Between
                                                     Less than    1 and 2         2 and 5      Over
                                                        1 year      years          years     5 years        Total
                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

            At 31 December 2025
            Lease liabilities                          73,559      21,326          2,414       2,853      100,152
            Trade and other payables
               (excluding accrued payroll
               liabilities and other tax payables)   3,366,274     75,000              –           –    3,441,274

                                                     3,439,833     96,326          2,414       2,853    3,541,426


                                                                 Between      Between
                                                     Less than    1 and 2         2 and 5      Over
                                                        1 year      years          years     5 years        Total
                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

            At 31 December 2024
            Lease liabilities                          85,714       5,050          5,360       2,216       98,340
            Trade and other payables
               (excluding accrued payroll
               liabilities and other tax payables)   3,636,161     75,053              –           –    3,711,214

                                                     3,721,875     80,103          5,360       2,216    3,809,554




118   2025 Annual Report
5.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.1   Financial risk factors (continued)
5.1.4 Fair value measurement of financial instruments
(a)   Fair value hierarchy
      The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by level of the inputs
      to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as follows:

      •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

      •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
             liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

      •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
             unobservable inputs) (level 3).

                                                 Level 1               Level 2              Level 3                    Total
                                              RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000

      At 31 December 2025

      Financial Assets
      Financial assets at
        fair value through
        profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                         –                    –                     –                     –

      At 31 December 2024

      Financial Assets
      Financial assets at
        fair value through
        profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                         –                    –            503,180               503,180




                                                                   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED                  119
      5.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      5.1   Financial risk factors (continued)
      5.1.4 Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
      (b)   Information relating to the measurement of fair value using significant unobservable inputs

                                    Fair value   Fair value
                                      as at 31     as at 31                Valuation
            Financial assets/       December     December     Fair value   techniques and            Significant
            financial liabilities        2025         2024    hierarchy    key inputs                unobservable inputs
                                     RMB’000      RMB’000

            Financial assets
            Wealth management               –      500,000       Level 3   Determined by quote      N/A as quantitative
              products                                                       provided by              unobservable inputs
                                                                             a financial institute    are not developed
                                                                             in Mainland China with   by the Group.
                                                                             reference to the net
                                                                             asset values of the
                                                                             underlying investment.
            Unlisted entity                 –        3,180       Level 3   Adjusted net asset       Discount factor of lack
              investment                                                    value method.             of marketability: N/A
                                                                                                      (2024: 20%). The
                                                                                                      higher the discount
                                                                                                      factor, the lower
                                                                                                      the fair value.




120   2025 Annual Report
5.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.1   Financial risk factors (continued)
5.1.4 Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
(c)   The following table presents the movements in Level 3 financial instruments for the years ended 31
      December 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                                Financial
                                                                    Financial Assets            Liabilties
                                                                    Wealth         Unlisted     Contingent
                                                             management                entity consideration
                                                                  products       investment       payables
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024                                            417,474             3,180          2,753
      Additions                                                  1,280,000                 –                 –
      Fair value change recognised in profit or loss                         –             –         (2,753)
      Disposal                                                   (1,197,474)               –                 –

      At 31 December 2024                                          500,000             3,180                 –

      Additions                                                  1,815,010                 –                 –
      Disposal                                                   (2,315,010)         (3,180)                 –

      At 31 December 2025                                                    –             –                 –


5.2   Capital management
      The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
      going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to
      maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

      In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid
      to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.




                                                             EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED          121
      6.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
            The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition,
            will seldom equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the
            Group’s accounting policies.


            Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on the historical experience and
            other factors, including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity
            and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstance.


            (a)    Expected credit losses on receivables
                   The Group makes allowances on receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and
                   expected loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and selecting
                   the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market
                   conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.


                   Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the
                   carrying amount of trade and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in the periods in
                   which such estimate has been changed. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are
                   disclosed in Note 21.


            (b)    Estimation of goodwill and property management contracts and customer
                   relationships impairment
                   Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or changes in
                   circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Determining whether
                   goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of cash-generated units
                   to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less
                   costs of disposal. The calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected
                   to arise from cash-generated units and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present
                   value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and
                   circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash, a material impairment loss/
                   further impairment loss may arise.




122   2025 Annual Report
6.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)
     (b)   Estimation of goodwill and property management contracts and customer
           relationships impairment (continued)
           The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for property management
           contracts and customer relationships in accordance with the accounting policies as disclosed in
           Note 4.9 to the consolidated financial statements. In determining whether an asset is impaired
           or the event previously causing the impairment no longer exists, the management has to assess
           whether an event has occurred that may affect the asset value or such event affecting the asset
           value has not been in existence. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amounts of the
           asset would be determined as the greater of the fair value less costs of disposal and value in
           use, the calculations of which involve the use of estimates. Owing to inherent risk associated
           with estimations in the timing and amounts of the future cash flows and fair value less costs
           of disposal, the estimated recoverable amount of the asset may be different from the amount
           actually received and profit or loss could be affected by accuracy of the estimations.


     (c)   Estimation of the useful life of customer relationships identified in business
           combination
           Customer relationships identified in the business combination on respective acquisition date
           is recognised as intangible assets. Customer relationships primarily related to the existing
           contracts of acquirees on the acquisition date. A large portion of the existing contracts of
           acquirees are with no specific expiration date. Based on past experience, termination or non-
           renewal of property management contracts with the property developers or property owners’
           association are uncommon. The Group thus estimates the useful life and determines the
           amortisation period of the customer relationships to be ten years based on the expected
           contract duration of the property management contracts.




                                                          EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED         123
      6.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)
            (d)    Current and deferred taxation
                   The Group is subject to corporate income taxes (“CIT”) in the PRC. Judgement is required in
                   determining the amount of the provision for taxation and the timing of payment of the related
                   taxations. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination
                   is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these
                   matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact
                   the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

                   Regarding the separate uncertain tax treatment for the enforcement of financial guarantees
                   to the ultimate holding company, the Group considers the certain factors in determining the
                   approach that better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty. The Group may reassess the
                   judgement or estimates if the facts and circumstances on which the judgement or estimate was
                   based change or as a result of new information that affects the judgement or estimate.

                   Deferred tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised
                   when management considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against
                   which the temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual
                   utilisation may be different.


      7.    SEGMENT INFORMATION
            Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the CODM.
            The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
            segment, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company.

            During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group was principally engaged in the
            provision of property management services, community living services, asset management services
            and community operation services in the PRC. Management reviews the operating results of the
            business as a single operating segment as the nature of services, the type of customers for services,
            the method used to provide their services and the nature of regulatory environment is the same in
            different regions.

            The principal operating entities of the Group are domiciled in the PRC and the majority of revenue was
            derived in the PRC during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

            As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the majority of the non-current assets of the Group were located
            in the PRC.




124   2025 Annual Report
8.   REVENUE
     Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from property management services, community living
     services, asset management services and community operation services. An analysis of the Group’s
     revenue by category for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 is as follows:

                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

     Property management services
     – Basic property management services                               11,469,695          10,591,066
     – Value-added services to non-property owners                           28,483              97,615

                                                                        11,498,178          10,688,681

     Community living services                                            1,008,788             910,983
     Asset management services                                             797,635              776,780
     Community operation services                                          373,022              380,243

                                                                        13,677,623          12,756,687

     Timing of revenue recognition
     – Over time                                                        12,803,797          11,953,432
     – At a point in time                                                  873,826              803,255

                                                                        13,677,623          12,756,687

     Type of customers
     – Related parties (Note 34)                                             32,332              86,806
     – Third parties                                                    13,645,291          12,669,881

                                                                        13,677,623          12,756,687


     For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, revenue from the services provided by the Group
     to the fellow subsidiaries and joint ventures of China Evergrande Group, contributed 0.2% and 0.7%
     of the Group’s revenue, respectively.

     The Group has a large number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s
     revenue during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   125
      8.    REVENUE (continued)
      (a)   Contract liabilities
      i.    The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                     At 31 December              At 1 January

                                                                      2025             2024              2024
                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

            Contract liabilities
            – Property management services                        2,493,939       2,680,232         2,582,650
            – Community living services                              32,803           19,034           13,535
            – Asset management services                              20,916           16,283           19,072
            – Community operation services                           76,032           39,458           34,093

                                                                  2,623,690       2,755,007         2,649,350


      ii.   Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
            The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates
            to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

            Revenue recognised that was included in the balance of
              contract liabilities at the beginning of the year
            – Property management services                                        2,426,411         2,329,292
            – Community living services                                               19,034           13,535
            – Asset management services                                               16,283           19,072
            – Community operation services                                            39,458           34,093

                                                                                  2,501,186         2,395,992




126   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
8.    REVENUE (continued)
(b)   Unsatisfied performance obligations
      For basic property management services and value-added services to non-property owners, the
      Group recognises revenue in the amount that equals to the right to invoice which corresponds directly
      with the value to the customer of the Group’s performance to date, on a monthly basis or settlement
      cycle. The Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance
      obligations for these types of contracts. The majority of the basic property management services
      contracts do not have a fixed term. The term of the contracts with non-property owners is generally
      set to expire when the counterparties notify the Group that the services are no longer required.

      For community living services, asset management services and community operation services, they
      are rendered in short period of time, which is generally less than a year, and the Group has elected
      the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for these types of
      contracts.


(c)   Assets recognised from incremental costs to obtain a contract
      During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no significant incremental costs to
      obtain a contract.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   127
      9.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                                         2025                      2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                    RMB’000

           Government grants (Note (a))                                                                               34,028                     47,807
           Income from compensation of non-fulfilment of
                 performance guarantee (Note (b))                                                                              –                 87,474
           Income from overdue fine                                                                                     1,831                     3,255
           Interest income                                                                                            19,069                     16,573
           Share of profits in associates                                                                             14,782                     10,519
           Write-off of payables                                                                                      26,112                     13,579
           Others                                                                                                       8,405                     6,068

                                                                                                                    104,227                    185,275

           Notes:


           (a)       Government grants mainly comprise of financial subsidies from government organisations, tax deductions for employing retired soldiers
                     and priority groups, subsidies for value-added tax and other tax incentive policy, and refunds of paid unemployment insurance. There are

                     no outstanding conditions or contingencies attached to the grants.


           (b)       As some of the acquired target companies failed to complete the performance guarantee, the consideration payment should be

                     deducted and recognised as other income in accordance with the terms of the Equity Transfer Agreement and the Supplemental

                     Agreement. No such deduction was recognised during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB87,474,000).



      10. OTHER LOSSES
                                                                                                                         2025                      2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                    RMB’000

           Foreign exchange losses                                                                                         253                       196
           Impairment loss on goodwill                                                                                26,969                     41,283
           Impairment loss on other intangible assets                                                                   4,082                     6,743

                                                                                                                      31,304                     48,222




128   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
11. EXPENSES BY NATURE
                                                    2025               2024
                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                  (Restated)

   Employee benefit expenses (Note 12)          6,717,748         6,285,285
   Outsourced cleaning and greening expenses    1,779,795         1,689,982
   Maintenance costs                             918,717            841,935
   Utilities                                     766,614            620,896
   Short-term and low value lease expenses       238,056            245,964
   Tax and other levies                           79,535             82,757
   Office expenses                               102,181            120,417
   Travelling and entertainment expenses          79,282             70,319
   Costs of security                              76,734             65,029
   Depreciation and amortisation charges         129,687            146,821
   Community activities expenses                 152,393            118,009
   Bank charges                                   32,391             29,896
   Uniform costs                                  18,100             17,950
   Auditors’ remuneration                           4,500             4,650
   Service fees                                  137,567            162,422
   Professional fees                              92,167            110,766
   Penalties and overdue payments                 16,990             59,869
   Procurement costs of value-added business     718,015            538,598
   Others                                         54,793             77,107

                                               12,115,265       11,288,672




                                                            2025 Annual Report   129
      12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Restated)

           Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                      6,275,751         5,861,518
           Contribution to pension scheme (Note (a))                                  441,997            423,767

                                                                                     6,717,748         6,285,285


           Notes:

           (a)      Employees in the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution
                    retirement scheme administrated and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s
                    PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which are calculated on certain percentage of the prior year
                    employee salary as agreed by local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement
                    benefits of the employees.




130   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
    (b)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
          The remuneration of each director for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:

                                                   Salaries,
                                                Allowances                     Contribution
                                                and benefits   Discretionary     to pension
                                         Fees        in kind       bonuses     contributions         Total
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

          Executive directors
          Mr. Duan Shengli                  –           135               –              13           148
          Mr. Han Chao                    180         1,023               –              54         1,257
          Mr. Hu Xu                       180         1,261               –              50         1,491

          Non-executive directors
          Mr. Sang Quan                   180             –               –               –             –
          Mr. Lin Wuchang                 180             –               –               –             –

          Independent
            non-executive
            directors

          Ms. Wen Yanhong                 466             –               –               –             –
          Mr. Peng Liaoyuan               466             –               –               –             –
          Mr. Dong Xinyi                  466             –               –               –             –
          Mr.Lam Wai Hon (i)              293             –               –               –             –
          Mr.Hoong Cheong Thard (i)       293             –               –               –             –




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   131
      12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
           (b)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
                 The remuneration of each director for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out below:

                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                        Allowances                          Contribution
                                                                       and benefits      Discretionary        to pension
                                                            Fees             in kind         bonuses       contributions              Total
                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

                 Executive directors
                 Mr. Duan Shengli                               –               128                  –                  9               137
                 Mr. Han Chao                                180              1,023               155                 47             1,405
                 Mr. Hu Xu                                   180              1,121                 45                44             1,390

                 Non-executive directors
                 Mr. Sang Quan                               180                   –                 –                  –               180
                 Mr. Lin Wuchang                             180                   –                 –                  –               180

                 Independent
                       non-executive
                       directors
                 Ms. Wen Yanhong                             456                   –                 –                  –               456
                 Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                           456                   –                 –                  –               456
                 Mr. Dong Xinyi                              456                   –                 –                  –               456

                 (i)        Mr. Lam Wai Hon and Mr. Hoong Cheong Thard were appointed as independent non-executive directors of the Company on

                            15 May 2025.




132   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
    (c)   Five highest paid individuals
          The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended 31
          December 2025 included zero director (2024: zero). The emoluments payable to these five
          individuals are as follows:

                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

          Salaries and other emoluments                                              4,364             4,305
          Discretionary bonus                                                       13,670            13,877
          Contribution to pension scheme                                              115                113

                                                                                    18,149            18,295


          The emoluments of the five individuals fell within the following bands:

                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                            Number of             Number of
                                                                            individuals            individuals

          Emolument bands
          HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                   –                  1
          HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                  3                   1
          HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                   –                  2
          HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                   –                  –
          HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                  1                   –
          HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                   –                  –
          HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                  1                   –
          HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                   –                  1
          HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                   –                  –




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   133
      12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
           (d)   Directors’ retirement and termination benefits
                 No retirement benefits were paid to or receivable by any directors in respect of their other
                 services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries’
                 undertaking during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. No payment was made to
                 the directors as compensation for early termination of appointment during the years ended 31
                 December 2025 and 2024.

                 During the year, no inducement had been given for the highly remunerated individual to join the
                 Group and no payment had been made or was due to the highly remunerated individual upon
                 joining the Group.


           (e)   Consideration provided to their parties for making available directors’ services
                 No payment was made to any former employers of the directors and former directors for
                 making available the services of them as a director of the Company during the years ended 31
                 December 2025 and 2024.


           (f)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
                 bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors
                 There were no other loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of the directors, controlled
                 bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors during the years ended 31
                 December 2025 and 2024.


           (g)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
                 No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to
                 which the Group was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest,
                 whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the years
                 ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




134   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
13. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                              2025                     2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000

   Interest on lease liabilities                                                                             2,720                   10,169
   Interest on consideration payables                                                                              –                     533
   Other finance costs (Note)                                                                            122,614                     58,834

                                                                                                         125,334                     69,536

   Note:   Other financial costs represented concessions offered by the Group to the individual property owners in settlement of property service

           fees (including payments and the settlement of historical arrears).



14. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                                                              2025                     2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000

   Current tax                                                                                           350,099                   413,748
   Deferred tax                                                                                             (1,509)                 (38,421)

                                                                                                         348,590                   375,327


   The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
   under the Companies Act of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands
   income tax. The Company’s subsidiaries in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) were incorporated under
   the International Business Companies Act of the BVI and accordingly, are exempted from BVI income
   tax.

   Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits
   arising from operations in Hong Kong during the years except for one subsidiary of the Group which
   is a qualified corporation under the two-tiered profit tax rate regime. In respect of this subsidiary,
   the first HK$2 million of assessable profits are subject to tax at the rate of 8.25% and the remaining
   assessable profits are subject to tax at the rate of 16.5%.




                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report           135
      14. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (continued)
           Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in the PRC has been calculated at the
           applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the years, based on the existing legislation,
           interpretations and practices in respect thereof. The statutory tax rate was 25% for the years ended
           31 December 2025 and 2024. Certain subsidiaries and branches of the Group in the PRC were
           located in cities from western part of the PRC, and they are subject to a preferential income tax rate
           of 15% during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. The subsidiaries and branches of the
           Group located in Hainan Province are qualified to enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15% from 1
           January 2020 to 31 December 2027. A preferential income tax rate of 20% will apply to subsidiaries
           that meet the conditions for small and micro-profit enterprises.

           The tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
           weighted average tax rate applicable to profits of the group entities as follows:

                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

           Profit before income tax                                                   1,357,736         1,407,352

           Tax calculated at applicable corporate
             income tax rate of 25% (2024: 25%)                                         339,434           351,838
           Tax effect of income not subject to tax                                      (47,644)          (39,874)
           Tax effect of expenses of not deductible for taxation purposes                63,120            76,045
           Tax effect of different tax rates applicable to certain subsidiaries         (36,592)          (38,912)
           Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                       38,453            29,712
           Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                            (8,667)           (9,314)
           Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised                       486          5,832

                                                                                        348,590           375,327




136   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company
   by the weighted average number of ordinary shares during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
   2024.

   The Company did not have any potential ordinary shares outstanding during the years ended 31
   December 2025 and 2024. Diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share.

                                                                             2025                2024

   Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                 986,573         1,020,987
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
     in issue (in thousands)                                           10,810,811        10,810,811

   Basic and diluted earnings per share                                  RMB0.09              RMB0.09


16. DIVIDENDS
   No dividend has been declared or paid by the Company for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
   2024.




                                                                                    2025 Annual Report   137
      17. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                               Furniture,
                                                                               fitting and
                                          Property    Machinery    Vehicles    equipment        Total
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2025
           Cost                            13,427        66,338     59,253       171,972      310,990
           Accumulated depreciation         (5,559)     (47,659)    (46,683)    (143,181)    (243,082)

           Opening net book amount           7,868       18,679     12,570        28,791       67,908
           Additions                         2,100       15,705      4,596        19,268       41,669
           Disposals                          (511)      (2,248)       (317)       (1,442)     (4,518)
           Depreciation charge              (2,147)      (4,892)     (4,297)      (11,766)    (23,102)

           Closing net carrying amount       7,310       27,244     12,552        34,851       81,957

           As at 31 December 2025
           Cost                            15,527        82,043     63,849       191,240      352,659
           Accumulated depreciation         (8,217)     (54,799)    (51,297)    (156,389)    (270,702)

           Net carrying amount               7,310       27,244     12,552        34,851       81,957




138   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
17. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
                                                                               Furniture,
                                                                               fitting and
                                        Property     Machinery    Vehicles    equipment           Total
                                       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

    As at 1 January 2024
    Cost                                  7,629        58,156      54,671       156,093        276,549
    Accumulated depreciation              (3,811)      (43,344)    (41,083)     (129,668)     (217,906)

    Opening net book amount               3,818        14,812      13,588         26,425        58,643
    Additions                             5,798         8,182       4,582         15,879        34,441
    Disposals                               (148)         (444)       (260)       (1,420)        (2,272)
    Depreciation charge                   (1,600)       (3,871)     (5,340)      (12,093)      (22,904)

    Closing net carrying amount           7,868        18,679      12,570         28,791        67,908

    As at 31 December 2024
    Cost                                 13,427        66,338      59,253       171,972        310,990
    Accumulated depreciation              (5,559)      (47,659)    (46,683)     (143,181)     (243,082)

    Net carrying amount                   7,868        18,679      12,570         28,791        67,908


    Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of
    profit or loss and other comprehensive income:

                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

    Cost of sales                                                             18,013            17,053
    Administrative expenses                                                    5,089             5,851

                                                                              23,102            22,904


    No property and equipment is restricted or pledged as security as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   139
      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                  Property
                                                              management
                                                              contracts and
                                             Computer             customer
                                               software       relationships    Goodwill          Total
                                              RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2025
           Cost                                    31,686        1,195,199     1,738,218    2,965,103
           Accumulated amortisation
             and impairment losses                 (17,964)        (668,028)    (780,831)   (1,466,823)

           Net carrying amount                     13,722          527,171      957,387     1,498,280

           Year ended 31 December 2025
           Opening net carrying amount             13,722          527,171      957,387     1,498,280
           Additions                                1,036                 –            –        1,036
           Amortisation                             (2,415)         (85,804)           –       (88,219)
           Impairment                                    –           (4,082)     (26,969)      (31,051)

           Closing net carrying amount             12,343          437,285      930,418     1,380,046

           As at 31 December 2025
           Cost                                    32,722        1,195,199     1,738,218    2,966,139
           Accumulated amortisation
             and impairment losses                 (20,379)        (757,914)    (807,800)   (1,586,093)

           Closing net carrying amount             12,343          437,285      930,418     1,380,046




140   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
                                                      Property
                                                 management
                                                 contracts and
                                    Computer         customer
                                     software     relationships    Goodwill           Total
                                    RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

    As at 1 January 2024
    Cost                              27,197        1,195,199     1,738,218      2,960,614
    Accumulated amortisation
      and impairment losses          (15,877)        (558,590)     (739,548)    (1,314,015)

    Net carrying amount               11,320          636,609      998,670       1,646,599

    Year ended 31 December 2024
    Opening net carrying amount       11,320          636,609      998,670       1,646,599
    Additions                          4,489                 –            –          4,489
    Amortisation                       (2,087)       (102,695)            –       (104,782)
    Impairment                              –           (6,743)     (41,283)       (48,026)

    Closing net carrying amount       13,722          527,171      957,387       1,498,280

    As at 31 December 2024
    Cost                              31,686        1,195,199     1,738,218      2,965,103
    Accumulated amortisation
      and impairment losses          (17,964)        (668,028)     (780,831)    (1,466,823)

    Closing net carrying amount       13,722          527,171      957,387       1,498,280




                                                                           2025 Annual Report   141
      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
           (a)   Amortisation of intangible assets has been charged to the following categories in the
                 consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income:

                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

                 Cost of sales                                                      85,804           102,695
                 Administrative expenses                                             2,415             2,087

                                                                                    88,219           104,782


           (b)   No intangible asset is restricted or pledged as security as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

           (c)   Goodwill and property management contracts and customer relationships

                 For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and property management contracts and
                 customer relationships arising on business combinations as set out above was allocated, at
                 acquisition, to ten CGUs (2024: ten).

                 As the result of management assessment, impairment provision of RMB 4,082,000 (2024:
                 RMB6,743,000) was recognised on property management contracts and customer relationships
                 for the year ended 31 December 2025 and impairment provision of RMB 26,969,000 (2024:
                 RMB41,283,000) was recognised on goodwill for the year ended 31 December 2025.




142   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
    (c)   Goodwill and property management contracts and customer relationships (continued)

          The recoverable amounts of the CGUs have been determined by value-in-use calculations using
          cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by senior
          management. The management considered the calculation based on the current condition.
          The financial budgets are prepared based on a five-year business plan considering the past
          performance, achievement of the medium or long-term growth target. The financial budgets
          have also taken into consideration the developments of property management business in PRC,
          including changes in the customer mix as well as the resulting changes to expected costs and
          margins. The value-in-use calculations was reviewed by independent qualified valuer, Shenzhen
          Deqinhang Asset Appraisal Co., Ltd. The key assumptions used for the calculation are as
          follows:

                                                                        For the year        For the year
                                                                              ended               ended
                                                                       31 December        31 December
                                                                                2025               2024

          Expected growth rate of revenue                                -4.1%-18%             0%-41%
          Pre-tax discount rate                                       18.3%-18.8%         18.3%-42.6%
          Terminal growth rate                                               0%-2%               0%-2%


19. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                      Commercial
                                                        properties         Carparks                Total
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

    As at 1 January 2024                                     1,158             4,062              5,220
    Fair value loss on investment properties                   (43)                 –                (43)

    As at 31 December 2024                                   1,115             4,062              5,177
    Fair value loss on investment properties                   (42)             (880)               (922)

    As at 31 December 2025                                   1,073             3,182              4,255




                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   143
      19. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
      (a)   Valuation processes of the Group
            The Group measures its investment properties at fair value. The fair value of the Group’s investment
            properties has been determined on the basis of valuation carried out by Zhejiang Zhengda Asset
            Appraisal Limited, an independent and professionally qualified valuer. Discussions of valuation
            processes and results are held between the management and the valuer at least once every six
            months, in line with the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates.

            Valuations were based on direct comparison approach is adopted assuming sale of each of these
            properties in its existing state with the benefit of vacant possession. By making reference to sales
            transactions as available in the relevant market, comparable properties in close proximity have been
            selected and adjustments have been made to account for the difference in factors such as location
            and property size.


      (b)   Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                                                                  Relationship of
                                                                                                                  key inputs and
                                         Fair value                                                                    significant
                                             as at               Valuation          Significant                    unobservable
            Properties   Fair value   31 December          technique and           observable                            inputs to
            category     hierarchy            2025             key inputs               inputs           Range          fair value
                                         RMB’000

            Commercial   Level 3             1,073     Market comparison         Adjusted price   22,000-27,000     The higher the
            Properties                                       approach -by      per square meter                   market unit rate,
                                                      reference to average         (RMB/sq.m.)                          the higher
                                                      of recent transaction                                          the fair value
                                                           prices of similar
                                                      properties, adjusted
                                                       for nature, location
                                                       and properties size

            Carparks     Level 3             3,182     Market comparison         Adjusted price   10,000-12,000     The higher the
                                                            approach - by      per square meter                   market unit rate,
                                                      reference to average         (RMB/sq.m.)                          the higher
                                                      of recent transaction                                          the fair value
                                                           prices of similar
                                                                properties,
                                                      adjusted for location



144   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
19. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
(b)   Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (continued)

                                                                                                                 Relationship of
                                                                                                                 key inputs and
                                                                                                                     significant
                                Fair value as at              Valuation           Significant                     unobservable
      Properties   Fair value    31 December             technique and           observable                            inputs to
      category     hierarchy              2024               key inputs               inputs            Range          fair value
                                     RMB’000

      Commercial   Level 3               1,115      Market comparison         Adjusted price     25,000-26,000       The higher
      Properties                                         approach - by      per square meter                         the market
                                                   reference to average         (RMB/sq.m.)                            unit rate,
                                                   of recent transaction                                             the higher
                                                        prices of similar                                          the fair value
                                                   properties, adjusted
                                                    for nature, location
                                                    and properties size

      Carparks     Level 3               4,062      Market comparison         Adjusted price     13,500-15,000       The higher
                                                         approach - by      per square meter                         the market
                                                   reference to average         (RMB/sq.m.)                            unit rate,
                                                   of recent transaction                                             the higher
                                                        prices of similar                                          the fair value
                                                             properties,
                                                   adjusted for location


(c)   The following amounts have been recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
      other comprehensive income:

                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

      Rental income                                                                                   64                       4




                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report       145
      19. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
      (d)   The future aggregate minimum rental receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as
            follows:

                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

            Within 1 year                                                           19               12
            After 1 year but within 2 years                                          4                2

                                                                                    23               14


      20. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD
                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

            Investments in associates                                           68,197           52,526


            The amounts recognised in profit and loss are as follows:

                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

            Share of total comprehensive income of associates                   14,782           10,519


      (a)   Investments in associates
            The movements of the investments in associates are as follows:

                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

            As at 1 January                                                     52,526           37,065
            Additions                                                            7,820           10,862
            Share of total comprehensive income of associates,
              net of dividends received/declared                                 7,851            4,599

            As at 31 December                                                   68,197           52,526




146   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
20. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD (continued)
(a)   Investments in associates (continued)
      Details of the principal associates as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                     Particulars of       Proportion of
                                                     Place of        issued and             ownership
                                                     Incorporation   paid up capital/     interest held
      Name of company            Form of entity      and operation   registered capital   by the Group    Principal activity

      Shangrao Asia Pacific      Limited liability   PRC             RMB2,060,000                 35%     Provision of property
        Property                   company                                                                  management
        Services Limited*                                                                                   services
      (上饒市亞太物業
        服務有限公司)

      Ningbo Jingsheng City      Limited liability   PRC             RMB20,000,000                35%     Provision of property
        Integrated Property        company                                                                  management
        Services Limited*                                                                                   services
      (寧波市景勝城市綜合
        物業服務有限公司)

      Linhai Yucheng Property    Limited liability   PRC             RMB5,000,000                 49%     Provision of property
        Services Limited*          company                                                                  management
      (臨海市昱誠物業                                                                                              services
        服務有限公司)
      Ningbo Chunjiang           Limited liability   PRC             RMB5,000,000                 40%     Provision of property
        Property Services          company                                                                  management
        Limited*                                                                                            services
      (寧波春江物業
        服務有限公司)
      Jiangxi Taixin Health      Limited liability   PRC             RMB2,000,000                 49%     Provision of property
        Care Services Limited*     company                                                                  management
      (江西泰心康護護理                                                                                             services
        服務有限公司)




                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report      147
      20. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD (continued)
      (a)   Investments in associates (continued)

                                                                                        Particulars of    Proportion of
                                                                         Place of       issued and          ownership
                                                                         Incorporation paid up capital/   interest held
                Name of company                      Form of entity and operation registered capital by the Group         Principal activity

            Shaoxing Keqiao District                 Limited liability   PRC            RMB15,000,000             49%     Provision of property
                 Xingchen Urban                         company                                                             management
                 Commercial Operation                                                                                       services
                 Management Limited*
            (紹興臨空運營服務有限公司)
            Ningbo Yongshun City                     Limited liability   PRC            RMB5,000,000              40%     Provision of property
                 Services Limited*                      company                                                             management
                 (寧波永舜城市服務有限公司)                                                                                             services
            Ningbo Zhiqing Yatai                     Limited liability   PRC            RMB10,000,000             42%     Provision of property
                 City Services Limited*                 company                                                             management
            (寧波摯青亞太城市服務                                                                                                     services
                 有限公司)
            Zhejiang Dahuayuan                       Limited liability   PRC            RMB10,000,000             40%     Provision of property
                 Property Service Limited*              company                                                             management
                 (浙江大花園物業服務                                                                                                 services
                 有限公司)
            Shaoxing Shaocheng                       Limited liability   PRC            RMB5,000,000              49%     Provision of property
                 City Service Limited*                  company                                                             management
            (紹興市紹城城市服務有限公司)                                                                                                 services
            Bengbu High tech Futian                  Limited liability   PRC            RMB10,000,000             49%     Provision of property
                 Urban Operation Service                company                                                             management
                 Co., Ltd.*                                                                                                 services
            (蚌埠市高新福田城市
                 運營服務有限公司)

            *          English name for identification only


            The associates were accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

            There is no individually material associate which significantly affects the results and net assets of the
            Group as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.




148   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

   Trade receivables (Note (i))                                   2,650,802           2,586,373
   Value-added tax recoverable                                       45,320              28,319
   Other receivables (Note (ii))                                    474,336             537,614

                                                                  3,170,458           3,152,306


   Notes:


   (i)      Trade receivables

                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

            Trade receivables
            Related parties (Note 34)                             2,197,030           2,205,037
            Third parties                                         3,600,131           3,357,659

            Gross trade receivables                               5,797,161           5,562,696

            Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables
              – Related parties (Note 34)                         (2,197,030)        (2,203,003)
              – Third parties                                      (949,329)           (773,320)

                                                                  2,650,802           2,586,373




                                                                                2025 Annual Report   149
      21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
           (ii)   Other receivables

                                                                                                                    2025                     2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                    RMB’000

                  Ultimate holding company (note (c))
                        – Financial guarantees                                                             13,400,000                  13,400,000
                  Less:
                        – Enforcement of financial guarantees pledged                                     (13,400,000)                 (13,400,000)

                                                                                                                          –                      –

                  Other related parties (Note 34)                                                                10,113                    10,727
                  Third parties
                        – Payments on behalf of property owners (Note (d))                                      364,858                   424,898
                        – Deposits                                                                              148,224                   142,072
                        – Others                                                                                 80,917                   100,684

                  Gross other receivables                                                                       604,112                   678,381

                  Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables
                        – Related parties                                                                         (7,023)                   (7,188)
                        – Third parties                                                                        (122,753)                  (133,579)

                  Total other receivables                                                                       474,336                   537,614

                  Note:


                  (a)       Trade receivables mainly arise from basic property management services income under lump sum basis. Basic property

                            management services income is received in accordance with the terms of the relevant services agreements.




150   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
    (ii)   Other receivables (continued)
           Note: (continued)


           (b)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the aging analysis of the trade receivables based on date of revenue recognition and net of

                    loss allowance was as follows:


                                                                                                                      2025                 2024

                                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


                    0 to 180 days                                                                                 1,323,257            1,301,036

                    181-365 days                                                                                   457,116              356,921

                    1 to 2 years                                                                                   388,113              505,979

                    2 to 3 years                                                                                   287,681              276,321

                    Over 3 years                                                                                   194,635              146,116

                                                                                                                  2,650,802            2,586,373


           (c)      Pursuant to the Court’s judgement, the ultimate controlling shareholder and Hengda Real Estate Group Company Limited (a
                    related party of the Company), were the actual debtor of the financing guarantee fund, and certain other third parties as the

                    guarantees were jointly liable for the full amount of the aforementioned debt respectively.


           (d)      Payments on behalf of property owners mainly represented utilities costs of properties.


           (e)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, trade and other receivables were denominated in RMB and the carrying amounts of trade

                    and other receivables approximate their fair values.



22. PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000

    Prepayments to suppliers
    Related parties (Note 34)                                                                                      1,452                1,392
    Third parties                                                                                                 64,278               58,127

                                                                                                                  65,730               59,519




                                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report    151
      23. INVENTORIES
           As at the end of the reporting period, inventories of RMB5,983,000 (2024: RMB4,624,000)
           represented finished goods for the sales on the online shopping platform and the parts for lift repair
           and maintenance in which no allowance made as at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).


      24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
           Cash and cash equivalents represents cash at banks which earns interest at floating rates based on
           daily bank deposit rates and cash on hand. The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents
           approximate their fair values.

                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

           Cash at bank                                                           4,186,503          2,694,299
           Cash on hand                                                                3,043             3,070

                                                                                  4,189,546          2,697,369


           (a)   The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents were denominated in the following
                 currencies:

                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

                 RMB                                                              4,178,157          2,679,240
                 US$                                                                      25                 57
                 HK$                                                                  11,364            18,072

                                                                                  4,189,546          2,697,369


           (b)   The conversion of RMB denominated deposits placed in banks in the PRC into foreign
                 currencies and the remittance of such foreign currencies denominated bank balances and
                 cash out of the PRC are subject to relevant rules and regulation of foreign exchange control
                 promulgated by the PRC government.




152   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
25. RESTRICED CASH
   Restricted cash mainly represents (i) industry regulated funds of Evergrande Insurance Agency Co.,
   Ltd.; (ii) deposits for the provision of property management services as required by local government
   authorities; (iii) cash restricted to projects managed on a remuneration basis only; and (iv) funds for
   litigation preservation of some subsidiaries.


26. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                     Equivalent
                                                                   Number      Nominal value     nominal value
                                                                 of ordinary      of ordinary        of ordinary
                                                                     shares           shares             shares
                                                                                    USD’000           RMB’000


   Authorised:
   At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024,
      1 January 2025 and
      31 December 2025                                      100,000,000,000           10,000             70,000

   Issued:
   At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024,
      1 January 2025 and
      31 December 2025                                       10,810,811,000            1,081              7,060

   Note:   The Company does not have any treasury shares.




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report   153
      27. RESERVES
                                                              Share           Statutory                Capital         Exchange
                                                          premium              reserves             reserves              reserves                  Total
                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000


           Balance at 1 January 2025                    5,944,185               839,577 (12,757,253)                          3,971         (5,969,520)
           Transfer to statutory reserve
              (Note)                                                  –         105,186                         –                    –          105,186
           Acquisition of additional
              interests in non-wholly
              owned subsidiaries                                      –                    –           64,718                        –            64,718
           Currency translation
              difference                                              –                    –                    –            (2,256)               (2,256)

           Balance at 31 December
              2025                                      5,944,185               944,763 (12,692,535)                          1,715         (5,801,872)


                                                               Share            Statutory               Capital          Exchange
                                                           premium               reserves             reserves             reserves                  Total
                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000

           Balance at 1 January 2024                    5,944,185               727,894 (12,757,250)                          2,774         (6,082,397)
           Transfer to statutory reserve
              (Note)                                                  –         111,683                         –                    –          111,683
           Currency translation
              difference                                              –                    –                    –             1,197                 1,197
           Others                                                     –                    –                   (3)                   –                   (3)

           Balance at 31 December
              2024                                      5,944,185               839,577 (12,757,253)                          3,971         (5,969,520)

           Note:   Statutory reserves


                   In accordance with relevant rules and regulations in the PRC and the Company’s Articles of Association, companies incorporated in PRC

                   are required to transfer no less than 10% of their profit after taxation calculated under PRC accounting standards and regulations to the

                   statutory reserve funds, until the accumulated total of the fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The statutory reserve funds can

                   only be used, upon approval by the relevant authority, to offset previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of respective companies.




154   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
28. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                            2025                2024
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

   Trade payable (Note (a))
   Related parties (Note 34)                             489,264             453,820
   Third parties                                        1,398,017          1,312,851

                                                        1,887,281          1,766,671

   Accrued payroll                                       540,979             505,544

   Other payables
   – Related parties (Note 34)                           132,589             133,650
   – Third parties
     Amounts temporarily received from/on behalf of
       property owners or lessors (Note (b))             427,642             425,679
     Deposits                                            353,265             401,510
     Other tax payables                                   49,547              81,193
     Consideration payables for business combinations    299,853             447,228
     Others                                              340,644             536,476

                                                        1,603,540          2,025,736

                                                        4,031,800          4,297,951

   Less: Non-current portion                              (75,000)           (75,053)

   Current portion                                      3,956,800          4,222,898




                                                                     2025 Annual Report   155
      28. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (continued)
            Notes:

            (a)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the aging analysis of the trade payables based on goods and services received was as follows:


                                                                                                                        2025                      2024
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000

                     Up to 1 year                                                                                  1,247,710                 1,390,034
                     1 to 2 years                                                                                    375,727                   256,856
                     2 to 3 years                                                                                    200,903                    43,987
                     More than 3 years                                                                                62,941                    75,794

                                                                                                                   1,887,281                 1,766,671


            (b)      The amounts mainly represented public utilities expenses collected by public utility entities from residents and other special funds
                     managed on their behalf.

            (c)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, trade and other payables were denominated in RMB and the carrying amounts of trade and other
                     payables approximate their fair values.



      29. LEASE
      (a)   Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                   2025                      2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000                   RMB’000

            As at 1 January
            Cost                                                                                                  306,698                  307,817
            Accumulated depreciation                                                                             (283,838)                (279,310)

            Net carrying amount                                                                                    22,860                    28,507

            As at 31 December
            Opening net book amount                                                                                 22,860                   28,507
            Additions                                                                                               43,573                   16,643
            Termination                                                                                              (8,564)                  (3,155)
            Depreciation                                                                                           (18,366)                 (19,135)

            Closing net carrying amount                                                                            39,503                    22,860

            As at 31 December
            Cost                                                                                                  325,270                  306,698
            Accumulated depreciation                                                                             (285,767)                (283,838)

            Net carrying amount                                                                                    39,503                    22,860

            For both years, the Group leases offices, dormitories, car parks and shops for its operations. Majority
            of the lease contracts are entered into for lease terms of 2 to 5 years (2024: 2 to 5 years). Lease terms
            are negotiated on an individual basis and contain different terms and conditions. In determining the
            lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of
            a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.


156   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
29. LEASE (continued)
(b)   Lease liabilities

                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

      Current                                                                       71,536             84,118
      Non-current                                                                   23,215             11,008

                                                                                    94,751             95,126


(c)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
      income

                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

      Depreciation of right-of-use assets
      – Properties                                                                  18,366             19,135
      Interest expenses (included in finance costs)                                  2,720             10,169
      Expense relating to short-term and low-value leases
         (included in cost of sales and administrative expenses)                  238,056             245,964


      The total cash outflow for leases during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 amounted to
      RMB276,160,000 and RMB177,253,000 respectively.

30. DEFERRED INCOME TAX
      The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

      Deferred tax assets                                                         488,036             509,045
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                    (101,424)          (123,942)

                                                                                  386,612             385,103




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report   157
      30. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (continued)
                                                      Deferred                                 Deferred tax
                                                    tax assets-                                liabilities on
                                                     allowance       Deferred      Deferred    amortisation
                                                    on doubtful    tax assets-   tax assets-   of intangible
                                                         debts     tax losses        Others          assets        Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2024                        450,437         47,544           183        (151,482)     346,682
           Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
             statement of profit or loss
             and other comprehensive Income             26,828        (16,001)           54          27,540       38,421

           At 31 December 2024                         477,265         31,543           237        (123,942)     385,103
           Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
             statement of profit or loss
             and other comprehensive Income              (9,038)      (12,074)          103          22,518        1,509

           At 31 December 2025                         468,227         19,469           340        (101,424)     386,612

           According to CIT Law, a withholding income tax of 10% will be levied on the immediate holding
           companies outside the PRC when their PRC subsidiaries declare dividends out of profits earned after
           1 January 2008. A lower 5% withholding income tax rate may be applied when the immediate holding
           companies of the PRC subsidiaries are established in Hong Kong and fulfil requirements under the tax
           treaty agreements between the relevant authorities of the PRC and Hong Kong.

           As at 31 December 2025, the Group has unrecognised deferred income tax liabilities arising from
           undistributed profits from the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC to its immediate holding company. No
           provision has been made in respect of such withholding tax as the directors have confirmed that such
           profits will not be distributed in the foreseeable future. Unremitted earnings in this respect amounted
           to RMB8,542,665,000 (2024: RMB8,277,087,000).

           At the end of the reporting period, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately
           RMB297,585,000 (2024: RMB260,026,000) available for offset against future assessable profits.
           Deferred tax assets amounting to approximately RMB19,469,000 (2024: RMB31,543,000) in
           respect of tax losses amounting to approximately RMB144,118,000 (2024: RMB126,173,000) have
           been recognised. No deferred tax asset was recognised in respect of the remaining tax losses of
           approximately RMB153,467,000 (2024: RMB133,853,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit
           streams. The PRC tax losses of approximately RMB151,128,000 (2024: RMB131,733,000) will expire
           on various dates in the next five years. Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely.



158   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
31. CASH FLOW INFORMATION
(a)   Cash generated from operations

                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Profit before income tax                                       1,357,736          1,407,352
      Adjustments for:
      – Finance costs                                                 125,334              69,536
      – Depreciation of property and equipment (Note 17)               23,102              22,904
      – Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 29(a))               18,366              19,135
      – Amortisation of other intangible assets (Note 18)              88,219             104,782
      – Impairment losses on financial assets, net                    151,289             130,890
      – Loss on disposal of property and equipment                        497                   66
      – Share of profits in associates                                 (14,782)           (10,519)
      – Fair value change on contingent consideration payables               –              (2,753)
      – Fair value change of investment properties                        922                   43
      – Impairment loss recognised for goodwill and property
           management contracts and customer relationships             31,051              48,026
      – Interest income                                                (19,069)           (16,573)
      – Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through
           profit or loss                                               (1,539)                  –

      Changes in working capital
      – Trade and other receivables                                   (152,434)           225,441
      – Contract liabilities                                          (131,317)           105,657
      – Prepayment                                                     31,028             (28,024)
      – Trade and other payables                                      (220,312)           202,920
      – Restricted cash                                                16,638             (11,882)
      – Inventories                                                     (1,359)             (2,259)

                                                                     1,303,370          2,264,742




                                                                                  2025 Annual Report   159
      31. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)
      (b)    Net debt reconciliation

                                                                             Lease
                                                                          liabilities     Total
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

             As at 1 January 2024                                          120,516       120,516
             Additions of leases                                             16,643        16,643
             Accrued interest expenses                                       10,169        10,169
             Termination                                                      (3,155)       (3,155)
             Cash flows                                                     (49,047)      (49,047)

             As at 31 December 2024                                          95,126       95,126

             As at 1 January 2025                                            95,126       95,126
             Additions of leases                                             43,573       43,573
             Accrued interest expenses                                         2,720        2,720
             Termination                                                      (8,564)      (8,564)
             Cash flows                                                     (38,104)     (38,104)

             As at 31 December 2025                                          94,751       94,751


      32. OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

             Other payables                                                  75,000       75,053

      33. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
            The movements of non-controlling interests were as follows:

                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

             At 1 January                                                  422,568       486,786
             Profit for the year                                             22,573        11,038
             Capital injection                                                  480         1,254
             Dividend distribution                                          (34,667)      (60,816)
             Acquisition of additional interests in non-wholly
               owned subsidiaries                                           (64,718)     (15,694)
             Others                                                              (13)          –

             At 31 December                                                346,223       422,568


160   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
33. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
    Set out below is summarised financial information for each subsidiary that has non-controlling interests
    that are material to the Group. The amounts disclosed for each subsidiary are before inter-company
    eliminations.

                                                       Wuhan JBL Property            Ningbo Yatai Hotel Property
        Summarised statement                         Management Co., Ltd.*               Services Co., Ltd.*
        of financial position                   (武漢傑佰利物業管理有限公司)                     (寧波市雅太酒店物業服務有限公司)

                                                              2025          2024            2025                2024
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

    Current assets                                           67,804     80,819          1,039,823           907,260
    Current liabilities                                      15,377         6,735        704,618            621,441
    Net current assets                                       52,427     74,084           335,205            285,819
    Non-current assets                                       87,140    103,337           341,216            370,328
    Non-current liabilities                                  21,415     25,839            65,849               71,515
    Net assets                                              118,152    151,582           610,572            584,632


        Summarised statement of                        Wuhan JBL Property            Ningbo Yatai Hotel Property
        profit or loss and other                     Management Co., Ltd.*               Services Co., Ltd.*
        comprehensive income                    (武漢傑佰利物業管理有限公司)                     (寧波市雅太酒店物業服務有限公司)

                                                              2025          2024            2025                2024
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

    Revenue                                                 174,446    157,818          2,377,999         2,291,435
    Profit for the year                                       9,753         6,706         83,540            157,787

    *        English name for identification purpose only




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report   161
      34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a)   Transactions with related parties:
            In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group
            had the following transactions with related parties.

                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

            Revenue from rendering of services
            – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                          31,396             85,189
            – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                         936              1,617

                                                                                          32,332             86,806

            Purchase of goods and services
            – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                           6,324              6,826

            Leasing car parking spaces
            – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                        166,408            182,665
            – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                       1,315                   –

                                                                                        167,723            182,665


            The transactions above were carried out in the normal course of the Group’s business and on terms
            as agreed between the transacting parties.

            As China Evergrande Group is being liquidated, the management of the Group expects the inflow of
            economic benefits from China Evergrande Group is not optimistic and exists high uncertain. Since the
            property services customers involve all the property owners and various aspects of the community,
            which has integrality and indivisibility as a whole, it is impracticable to exclude China Evergrande Group
            from the provision of property management services to those vacant properties. Hence, no additional
            costs have been incurred and the Group continues to provide property management services to China
            Evergrande Group. The Group estimates that the amount of the service income for the year ended
            31 December 2025 to be approximately RMB510,060,000. No revenue is recognised in respect of
            such property management services delivered to, while the Group will endeavour to take reasonable
            measures to collect the receivables from the relevant parties in accordance with the relevant laws and
            applicable agreements to actively safeguard the interests of the Group.




162   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(b)   Balances with related parties:
      The Group had the following balances with related parties.

                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Trade receivables
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company         1,994,910           2,004,388
      – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company       202,120             200,649

                                                                   2,197,030           2,205,037

      Less: allowances for impairment of trade receivables
        (charged to profit or loss)                                (2,197,030)        (2,203,003)

                                                                            –              2,034


                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Other receivables
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company            10,113              10,727

      Less: allowances for impairment of other receivables
        (charged to profit or loss)                                    (7,023)             (7,188)

                                                                       3,090               3,539




                                                                                 2025 Annual Report   163
      34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (b)   Balances with related parties: (continued)

                                                                                                                  2025                     2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000

            Prepayments
            – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                                 1,452                    1,392


                                                                                                                  2025                     2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000

            Trade payables
            – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                             483,662                  445,869
            – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                                             5,602                    7,951

                                                                                                             489,264                  453,820


                                                                                                                  2025                     2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000

            Other payables
            – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                             129,917                  131,862
            – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                                             2,672                    1,788

                                                                                                             132,589                  133,650


                                                                                                                  2025                     2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000

            Contract liabilities
            – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                                                 6,079                    6,263

            (i)    The above trade receivables, prepayments, trade payables and contract liabilities are trading nature, interest-free and repayable

                   according to terms in contracts.




164   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(c)   Key management compensation
      The number of key management personnel other than directors was 8 (2024: 5), and their
      compensations are set out below:

                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

      Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                         9,469             5,445
      Contributions to pension scheme expenses                                       332               201

                                                                                   9,801             5,646


35. EVENT AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
      The Group has the following event subsequent to the end of the reporting period:

      The joint and several liquidators of China Evergrande and CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited (in liquidation)
      (“CEG Holdings”) have been seeking opportunities to sell, among other things, the shares in the
      Company held by China Evergrande and CEG Holdings (the “Potential Transaction”). As of the date
      of annual report, the latest progress of the Potential Transaction is as follows: China Evergrande and
      CEG Holdings (collectively, the “Potential Sellers”) have entered into an exclusivity agreement with a
      selected bidder (the “Potential Purchaser”), pursuant to which the Potential Sellers and the Potential
      Purchaser have agreed to conduct exclusive negotiations in respect of the Potential Transaction for a
      period of 30 business days (unless otherwise agreed or determined under the exclusivity agreement).
      Currently, discussions between the Potential Sellers and the Potential Purchaser are ongoing, and the
      parties are negotiating the terms of the formal sale and purchase agreement in respect of the Potential
      Transaction. For details of the above matters, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated
      11 September 2025, 15 October 2025, 14 November 2025, 19 December 2025, 13 January 2026, 6
      February 2026, 11 March 2026, and 14 April 2026.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   165
      36. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                                 2025                     2024
                                                                                          Notes               RMB’000                  RMB’000

           Assets
           Non-current asset
           Investments in subsidiaries                                                      (a)               1,603,637                           –

           Current assets
           Amount due from related parties                                                                        17,378                  20,840
           Other receivables                                                                                              –                 7,188
           Prepayments                                                                                                704                     700
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                2,652                   2,603

           Total current assets                                                                                   20,734                  31,331

           Total assets                                                                                       1,624,371                   31,331

           Equity
           Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
           Share capital                                                                                            7,060                   7,060
           Reserves                                                                         (b)               9,233,219               9,233,219
           Accumulated losses                                                                                (7,653,550)             (9,235,447)

           Total equity                                                                                       1,586,729                     4,832

           Liabilities
           Non-current liabilities
           Loan from a subsidiary                                                                                 30,322                  22,448

           Current liabilities
           Other payables and accruals                                                                              7,320                   4,051

           Total equity and liabilities                                                                       1,624,371                   31,331

           Notes:


           (a)      As at 31 December 2025, investment in subsidiaries are carried at cost of approximately RMB9,102,506,000 (2024: RMB9,102,506,000),

                    net of impairment loss of RMB7,498,869,000 (2024: RMB9,102,506,000) in respect of investment in subsidiaries.




166   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
36. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
    Notes: (continued)


    (b)        Movement of reserve of the Company


                                                                                                  Share            Recapitalisation

                                                                                               premium           premium reserves                                Total

                                                                                               RMB’000                     RMB’000                      RMB’000


               Balance as at 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024,

                   1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                                         5,944,185                   3,289,034                    9,233,219




37. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
    Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 and as at date
    of this report, are set out as follows:

                                     Place of
                                     incorporation/   Form of             Nominal value
                                     registration     business            of issued ordinary                                                           Principal
     Company name                    and operation    structure           share capital         Percentage of equity attributable to the Company       activities

                                                                                                      Direct                       Indirect

                                                                                                  2025           2024           2025          2024


    Eagle Investment (BVI) Limited   BVI              Limited liability   USD1                    100%          100%               –               –   Investment
                                                      Company                                                                                          holding


    Knight Honour Global Limited     BVI              Limited liability   USD1                       –              –          100%           100%     Investment
                                                      Company                                                                                          holding


    Oriental Joy Group Limited       BVI              Limited liability   USD1                       –              –          100%           100%     Investment
                                                      Company                                                                                          holding


    Success Will Group Limited       Hong Kong        Limited liability   HKD1,000                   –              –          100%           100%     Investment
                                                      Company                                                                                          holding


    Fortune Ascent                   Hong Kong        Limited liability   HKD1                       –              –          100%           100%     Property
      Management Limited                              Company                                                                                          management
                                                                                                                                                       Services


    Jinbi Property Management        PRC              Limited liability   RMB10,000,000,000          –              –          100%           100%     Property
      Co., Ltd.*                                      Company                                                                                          management
      (金碧物業有限公司)                                                                                                                                       Services


    Fortune Prosper Property         Hong Kong        Limited liability   HKD100                     –              –          100%           100%     Investment
      Management Limited                              Company                                                                                          holding




                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report             167
      37. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                                          Place of
                                          incorporation/   Form of             Nominal value
                                          registration     business            of issued ordinary                                                        Principal
            Company name                  and operation    structure           share capital        Percentage of equity attributable to the Company     activities

                                                                                                          Direct                       Indirect

                                                                                                      2025           2024           2025          2024


           Wuhan Jinbi Jiayuan Property   PRC              Limited liability   RMB20,000,000             –              –          100%           100%   Property
             Management Co., Ltd.*                         Company                                                                                       management
             (武漢金碧嘉園物業管理                                                                                                                                 Services
             有限公司)


           Guiyang Zhongyu Property       PRC              Limited liability   RMB3,000,000              –              –          100%           100%   Property
             Management Co., Ltd.*                         Company                                                                                       management
             (貴陽中渝物業管理                                                                                                                                   Services
             有限責任公司)


           Chongqing Tongjing Property    PRC              Limited liability   RMB5,000,000              –              –          100%           100%   Property
             Services Co., Ltd.*                           Company                                                                                       management
             (重慶同景物業服務有限公司)                                                                                                                              Services


           Guiyang New Life Property      PRC              Limited liability   RMB5,010,000              –              –          100%           100%   Property
             Services Co., Ltd.*                           Company                                                                                       management
             (貴陽新生活物業                                                                                                                                    Services
             服務有限公司)


           Ningbo Yatai Hotel Property    PRC              Limited liability   RMB66,370,000             –              –           95%            80%   Property
             Services Co., Ltd.                            Company                                                                                       management
             (寧波市雅太酒店物業                                                                                                                                  Services
             服務有限公司)


           Shenzhen Futian Real Estate    PRC              Limited liability   RMB60,000,000             –              –          100%           100%   Property
             Development Co., Ltd.*                        Company                                                                                       management
             (福田物業發展有限公司)                                                                                                                                Services


           Zhejiang Jindu Property        PRC              Limited liability   RMB60,000,000             –              –          100%           100%   Property
             Management Co., Ltd.*                         Company                                                                                       management
             (浙江金都物業管理有限公司)                                                                                                                              Services


           Wuhan Jiebaili Property        PRC              Limited liability   RMB40,000,000             –              –           51%            51%   Property
             Management Co., Ltd.*                         Company                                                                                       management
             (武漢傑佰利物業管理                                                                                                                                  Services
             有限公司)




168   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
37. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                                      Place of
                                      incorporation/   Form of             Nominal value
                                      registration     business            of issued ordinary                                                        Principal
        Company name                  and operation    structure           share capital        Percentage of equity attributable to the Company     activities

                                                                                                      Direct                       Indirect

                                                                                                  2025           2024           2025          2024

    Nanchang Tianxiang Property       PRC              Limited liability   RMB82,700,000             –              –          100%           100%   Property
        Management Co., Ltd.*                          Company                                                                                       management
        (南昌市天翔物業管理                                                                                                                                   Services
        有限公司)

    Taiyuan Lanjieshi Property        PRC              Limited liability   RMB5,180,000              –              –           65%            65%   Property
        Management Co., Ltd.*                          Company                                                                                       management
        (太原藍潔仕物業管理                                                                                                                                   Services
        有限公司)


    Chongqing Taiguang Property       PRC              Limited liability   RMB500,000                –              –          100%           100%   Property
        Management Co., Ltd.*                          Company                                                                                       management
        (重慶泰廣物業管理有限公司)                                                                                                                               Services


    Evergrande Hengkang Property PRC                   Limited liability   RMB2,850,000,000          –              –          100%           100%   Property
        Co. Ltd.*                                      Company                                                                                       management
        (恒大恒康物業有限公司)                                                                                                                                 Services

    Guangzhou Jinbi Hengying          PRC              Limited liability   RMB1,010,000,000          –              –          100%           100%   Property
        Property Service Co., Ltd.*                    Company                                                                                       management
        (廣州市金碧恒盈物業                                                                                                                                   Services
        服務有限公司)


    Guangzhou Jinbi Shijia Property PRC                Limited liability   RMB1,010,000,000          –              –          100%           100%   Property
        Co., Ltd.*                                     Company                                                                                       management
        (廣州市金碧世家物業                                                                                                                                   Services
        服務有限公司)


    Guangzhou Jinbi Huafu             PRC              Limited liability   RMB1,010,000,000          –              –          100%           100%   Property
        Property Co., Ltd.*                            Company                                                                                       management
        (廣州市金碧華府物業                                                                                                                                   Services
        有限公司)


    *               English name for identification only



38. COMPARATIVE INFORMATION
    Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current year’s presentation.


39. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issued by the board of
    directors on 27 March 2026.


                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report      169
      Five-year Financial Summary

      Consolidated Results
                                                  2021          2022          2023          2024          2025
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                 13,193,464    11,809,176    12,486,544    12,756,687    13,677,623

      Profit/(loss) before income tax           (218,904)    1,936,997     2,105,457     1,407,352     1,357,736

      Income tax expense                        (169,880)     (458,423)     (541,645)     (375,327)     (348,590)

      Profit/(loss) for the year                (388,784)    1,478,574     1,563,812     1,032,025     1,009,146

      Profit/(loss) attributable to:
        Shareholders of the Company             (316,294)    1,422,679     1,541,199     1,020,987      986,573

        Non-controlling interests                (72,490)      55,895        22,613        11,038        22,573

                                                (388,784)    1,478,574     1,563,812     1,032,025     1,009,146

      Earnings/(loss) per share for
        profit attributable to
        shareholders of the Company
        (Expressed in RMB per share)
      Basic                                        (0.03)         0.13          0.14          0.09          0.09

      Diluted                                      (0.03)         0.13          0.14          0.09          0.09


      Consolidated Financial Position
                                                  2021          2022          2023          2024          2025
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

      Non-current assets                       2,681,599     2,252,527     2,276,748     2,155,796     2,061,994

      Current assets                           3,920,529     4,895,244     5,969,668     6,554,547     7,552,628

      Current liabilities                      9,370,698     8,216,601     7,876,937     7,523,166     7,465,123

      Net current assets/(liabilities)        (5,450,169)   (3,321,357)   (1,907,269)     (968,619)      87,505

      Total assets less current liabilities   (2,768,570)   (1,068,830)     369,479      1,187,177     2,149,499

      Non-current liabilities                   733,960       443,935       350,268       210,003       199,639

      Equity attributable to
        shareholders of the Company           (3,866,551)   (2,008,244)     (467,575)     554,606      1,603,637

      Non-controlling interests                 364,021       495,479       486,786       422,568       346,223

      Total equity/(deficiency in equity)     (3,502,530)   (1,512,765)      19,211       977,174      1,949,860



170   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
