CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                       2

Chairman’s Statement                                        4

Management Discussion and Analysis                         11

Corporate Governance and Other Information                 26

Report on Review of Interim Condensed Consolidated
  Financial Statements                                     31

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
  and Other Comprehensive Income                           33

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     34

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      36

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             37

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   38




                                                           2024 Interim Report   1
    Corporate Information

    Board of Directors                           Joint Company Secretaries
    Executive Directors                          Mr. Hu Xu
    Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)                  Mr. Cheng Ching Kit
    Mr. Han Chao
    Mr. Hu Xu                                    Headquarters and Principal Place of
                                                   Business in the PRC
    Non-executive Directors                      Third Compartment of Room 3101
    Mr. Sang Quan                                No. 78, Huangpu Ave West
    Mr. Lin Wuchang                              Tianhe District
                                                 Guangzhou
    Independent Non-executive Directors          Guangdong, PRC
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan
    Ms. Wen Yanhong                              Principal Place of Business in
    Mr. Dong Xinyi                                 Hong Kong
                                                 Room 2201, 22/F, YF Life Centre
    Audit Committee                              38 Gloucester Road
    Ms. Wen Yanhong (Chairwomen)                 Wanchai
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                            Hong Kong
    Mr. Dong Xinyi
                                                 Registered Office
    Remuneration Committee                       Cricket Square
    Mr. Dong Xinyi (Chairman)                    Hutchins Drive
    Ms. Wen Yanhong                              PO Box 2681
    Mr. Han Chao                                 Grand Cayman KY1-1111
                                                 Cayman Islands
    Nomination Committee
    Mr. Duan Shengli (Chairman)                  Principal Share Registrar and
    Mr. Peng Liaoyuan                              Transfer Office
    Mr. Dong Xinyi                               Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                                 Cricket Square
    Authorized Representatives                   Hutchins Drive
    Mr. Duan Shengli                             PO Box 2681
    Mr. Cheng Ching Kit                          Grand Cayman KY1-1111
                                                 Cayman Islands




2   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and
  Transfer Office
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong


Auditors
Prism Hong Kong Limited
(Formerly known as Prism Hong Kong and
  Shanghai Limited)
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor


Legal Advisers
Sidley Austin


Principal Banks
Bank of China Limited
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
China Construction Bank Corporation
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.


Stock Code on Main Board of The Stock
  Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
6666


Company’s Website
www.evergrandeservice.com




                                                    2024 Interim Report   3
    Chairman’s Statement

    Dear Shareholders,

    On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Evergrande Property Services Group
    Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present the interim
    results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the “Period”).

    In recent years, governments at all levels, from the central to local, have continued to introduce a number
    of favourable policies for the industry, encouraging property service enterprises to develop the “property
    service + life service” model, and to develop diversified life services such as community care for the elderly,
    nursery care, housekeeping, retailing and property agency, thus providing the industry with ample room for
    development. However, due to the continuous shrinkage of the upstream market, the competition among
    property service enterprises has become increasingly fierce and the growth rate of the scale has continued to
    slow down. In addition, the Group has been affected by its related parties, which continued to exert pressure
    on its brand image, market expansion and project operations. In view of the current situation, high-quality
    scale growth and efficiency enhancement have become our focus, and high-quality service has become the
    key to break the deadlock. In the face of new challenges and opportunities in the industry, we have always
    adhered to our service ethos and continued to build up our development momentum by comprehensively
    enhancing our comprehensive service capabilities, guided by the principle of “consolidate fundamental,
    improve efficiency, stabilize growth and seek breakthrough (固根本､提效能､穩增長､尋突破)”, tapping
    into customers ’ needs to strengthen word-of-mouth, and promoting the development of diversified
    businesses with service quality thereby forming a virtuous cycle of high-quality development. Meanwhile, we
    have insisted on market expansion and continue to strengthen our competitive strength, so as to promote
    the Company’s cross-cycle, sustainable and high-quality development.

    With the concerted efforts of all staff members, the Group’s management scale expanded steadily in the
    first half of 2024 and operating revenue continued to grow. While the Group’s gross profit and net profit
    declined to a certain extent as a result of increased capital investment in projects under management during
    the Period in terms of renewal of facilities and equipment and enhancement of the community environment,
    adoption of a more prudent approach to revenue recognition and the impact of non-operating expenses
    such as late tax payment, the Group ’s strategic businesses such as asset management services and
    community living services grew steadily and its financial position continued to improve.

    As at 30 June 2024, the Group had total contracted gross floor area (“GFA”) of approximately 794 million
    sq.m., and GFA under management of approximately 555 million sq.m.. During the Period, the cumulative
    newly signed contracted GFA from third parties exceeded 21 million sq.m., representing a period-on-period
    increase of over 40%, with a total contract value of approximately RMB600 million.




4   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group achieved operating revenue of approximately
RMB6,220.2 million, representing a period-on-period growth of approximately 1.2%, of which asset
management services performed impressively, achieving revenue of approximately RMB406.2 million,
representing a period-on-period growth of approximately 12.2%; community living services made steady
progress, achieving revenue of approximately RMB427.6 million, representing a period-on-period growth
of approximately 3.8%. The Group achieved a gross profit of approximately RMB1,256.1 million during the
Period, representing a period-on-period decrease of approximately 16.2%, and a net profit of approximately
RMB499.8 million, representing a period-on-period decrease of approximately 36.8%. Profit attributable
to owners of the Company was approximately RMB500.5 million and basic earnings per share was
approximately RMB0.05.

As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s monetary funds increased by approximately RMB21.6 million as compared
with the end of 2023, and net assets increased by approximately RMB437.7 million as compared with the
end of 2023. In addition, as of the date of this report, the Group has made back payments of income tax for
the years 2021 and 2022 of approximately RMB642.5 million and settled payment of income tax for the year
2023 of approximately RMB251.1 million as scheduled, and the financial position of the Company continues
to improve.

The Group has always been committed to giving back to the society while promoting the prosperous
development of its business, striving to achieve a win-win situation for our customers, employees, the
society, investors and partners. We have integrated social responsibility into our corporate development
vision and created a safe, comfortable, harmonious and coexisting living environment for our customers
through the provision of refined and humanized property management services. Meanwhile, we focus on
listening to our customers’ voices and making targeted efforts to do practical work, perform good deeds,
and solve difficult problems (辦實事､做好事､解難事) for property owners, so as to enhance their sense
of achievement and happiness. In addition, during the Period, we extensively carried out a number of social
welfare activities, such as supporting the military and treating their families preferentially (擁軍優屬), assisting
agriculture and helping farmers (助農扶農), rescuing and relieving disasters (救援賑災), and providing
convenient services to the public, actively fulfilling our social responsibilities, and conveying love and warmth
through practical actions, which won widespread praise from all walks of life and effectively enhanced the
brand image and competitiveness of the enterprise.

In the future, the Group will continue to maintain strategic certainty, develop innovative thinking, work hard
and move forward with determination, and endeavor to promote the Company to a new stage of high-quality
development.




                                                                                              2024 Interim Report   5
    Strategy I: Strive for excellence and continue to deliver high-quality services
    Strengthen the foundation of high-quality services. We have taken “set standards and strengthen quality
    control (立標準､強品控)” as the key to constructing a complete closed-loop mechanism of “understanding
    customer expectations - innovating service design - evaluating service experience - upgrading service
    quality ” . Through the re-engineering of the service scene, optimization of business processes and
    technological empowerment, we promote the synergy and upgrading of the entire chain of property
    management services, enhance the efficiency of responding to customers’ demands, effectively convert new
    quality productivity into new quality service, and continue to provide customers with safe, considerate and
    caring quality services.

    Continuously invest in building better homes. We have launched the “Home Renewal (家園煥新)” project
    in the areas of home return routes, living environment, security and fire fighting equipment, etc. Meanwhile,
    we have taken into consideration the residential attributes and spiritual and cultural needs of all-age families
    in the community, and have made great efforts to build a brand of Jinbi community cultural activities, to
    create a friendly and caring community atmosphere, and to build an all-age community of good living with
    residential and humanistic values.

    Improve the service evaluation system. We will continue to deepen our multi-dimensional and three-
    dimensional service evaluation system, which integrates internal monitoring and external customer feedback,
    to promote the magnificent transformation of service quality management from “static standards” to “dynamic
    optimization”. Adhering to the spirit of “striving for excellence”, we are committed to perfecting the smallest
    details and driving our property management services to new heights of “excellent quality, reachable and full
    of warmth (卓越品質､觸手可及､溫情滿滿)”.


    Strategy II: Focus on high-potential business segments to continue to meet
    customers’ expectations for a better life
    Insist on service quality and strengthen community group purchase. We adhere to “source selection (源
    頭甄選)”, strictly control the quality of products by tracing the origin of the products, and focus on the high-
    frequency needs of customers to strictly select high-quality products; we adhere to “service to home (服務
    到家)”, and give full play to the advantage of the “last 100 metres” of our service for the property owners, so
    as to make the service close to the property owners; we adhere to “after-sale service without any worries (售
    後無憂)”, and make use of the digital means to enhance the efficiency of after-sale service, and respond to
    the demands of customers quickly and continuously improve customer satisfaction; we drive the continuous
    growth of the community group purchase business with good products and good service.




6   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Fulfil the trust of the property owners and provide good to-home services. We will pay attention to the
increasing demand for to-home services of the property owners, and provide safer, more intimate and higher
quality to-home services with the core of housekeeping service, to-home maintenance, courtyard care and
elderly care service, etc. We will promote the enhancement of customers’ loyalty and repurchase rate by
the word-of-mouth of the property owners, and provide the property owners with to-home living services
with “services exceeding expectations”, and gradually cultivate the consumer habit of “to-home service, first
choice of property (上門服務,首選物業)” among the property owners, so as to become a life butler worthy of
customers’ trust.


Strategy III: Comprehensively enhance asset management capabilities to
continuously protect the value of customers’ assets
Drive business development with services. We focus on our customers’ needs for rental and sale services
for core assets such as houses and car parking spaces. We adopt a professional self-operated model and
meet customers’ personalized needs with butler-like services, providing customers with peace of mind and
efficient rental and sale services by leveraging on our advantages of real property listings, professional teams
and proximity to the community.

Leverage on property’s advantage in on-site services. With the advantages that basic property services
are closer to the property owners, we fully integrate our brokerage team with the existing property service
team to reduce management costs and continuously improve the team’s efficiency. With the service concept
of “real property listings, real price, real worry-free, real protection (真房源､真價格､真省心､真保障)” , we
have a deep insight into the needs of our customers and provide services with lower fees and better quality
than those by the market to help our customers preserve and increase the value of their assets.

Pursue service extensibility. We will actively promote the synergistic development of our business to
provide the property owners with extended services such as home decoration and home furnishing, house
cleaning and house entrustment after leasing and selling, realizing “one-time entrustment, comprehensive
service” and providing the property owners with long-term protection for their homes by means of full-
process accompanying services.




                                                                                             2024 Interim Report   7
    Strategy IV: Continuously enhance market expansion capabilities to achieve high-
    quality scale expansion
    Multi-brand linkage for deep ploughing into premium markets. Adhering to the multi-brand development
    strategy with “Jinbi” as the core, the Group will continue to cultivate and develop premium projects in key
    cities and inventory markets by leveraging on the Group’s regional distribution and resource strengths. The
    Group will give full play to the professional service advantages of our subsidiary brands, such as “Yatai”,
    “Futian”, “Tianxiang” and “Jiebaili”, in the fields of city services, hospitals and schools, and rail transport, and
    extensively expand into non-residential industries, so as to optimize the structure of our diversified business
    and achieve high-quality growth in the Company’s scale.

    Drive growth rate of the expansion by benchmark projects. Based on the principle of “expandable and
    manageable (拓得來､管得好)”, the Company will continue to improve its multi-industry and multi-level
    product and service system and actively create benchmark projects in various industries. The Company has
    been able to build up a reputation for its services and realize horizontal market radiation and vertical business
    expansion through the benchmarking effect. With the projects under management as the centre of the
    circle, we will promote the rapid expansion of the entire peripheral industry through the high-quality service
    reputation, and continue to enhance the management density and operational efficiency.


    Strategy V: Construct a highland of property talents to drive the Company ’ s
    sustainable development
    Implement the culture of “to the front line (向一線)” in depth. We advocate the concept of “dare to think,
    dare to do, good at achieving (敢想､敢為､善成)”, and continue to promote management at all levels
    to go deeper into the front line to identify the crux of the problem through on-site investigation, personal
    experience, and thematic research, and formulate more practical and effective management strategies and
    service plans. As for the weak projects in the frontline, we will improve the team’s business capacity point by
    point through correcting, helping and supporting them, so as to help the service level of the frontline continue
    to improve. We will continue to promote the “to the front line” culture, and drive the organization to continue
    to innovate and operate efficiently in practice.

    To build up a multi-level talent pool. We will continue to strengthen our talent pool, adhere to the selection
    and employment orientation of “determining the position by ability and salary by contribution (以能力決定
    位置,以貢獻決定薪酬)”, actively implement the appropriately advanced employment mechanism and fault-
    tolerance mechanism, and carry out focused cultivation and tracking management of key positions, so as
    to construct a clearly defined, reasonably structured and energetic management of reserve, and to provide
    strong talent support for the long-term development of the enterprise.




8   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Deeply promote the innovation of the project management structure at the grassroots level. The
traditional project management model generally has shortcomings such as complicated hierarchical structure
and serious information barriers. The Group adheres to the concept of seeking new ideas and changes,
focuses on the concept of multi-purpose employment, and continues to make efforts to innovate and
create frontline organizational structures, breaking the unchanging departmental settings and promoting the
“big departmental system (大部制)” and “big butler (大管家)” for efficient implementation, so as to achieve
structural reengineering of the grassroots management. Through the integration of elements and resources,
structural innovation is achieved, thereby unleashing new quality productivity and enhancing management
efficiency and service levels.


Strategy VI: Continuously strengthen the digital intelligence construction to
comprehensively empower the Company’s high-quality operations
Digital intelligence management helps to reduce costs and increase efficiency. We will continue to
deepen our technological capabilities, strengthen our intelligent operations, and actively promote the iteration
and upgrading of our core business systems. Through the use of cloud computing, artificial intelligence, big
data and other technologies, we will create more intelligent and more flexible management tools to further
streamline business processes, enhance cross-departmental collaboration, establish efficient linkages
between business and management, and comprehensively enhance the Group’s operational efficiency.

Digital intelligent services help to enhance customer experience. We will build a customer-centric service
platform, deeply promote the construction of intelligent communities, and achieve the seamless convergence
of online and offline services, and the integrated fusion of on-site services and remote operations, so as to
comprehensively enhance service efficiency and quality and create an outstanding service experience for
customers.


Strategy VII: Always adhere to the leadership of party building and proactively
integrate into community governance at the grassroots level
The Group adheres to the leadership of party building and continue to innovate the “party building +
property” model by actively building red venues such as community council chambers, party members’
activity rooms and party members’ vanguard posts. Under the guidance of local party organizations, the
Group has been actively linking all parties to form a synergy of party building and governance, and to jointly
solve the tenants’ problems of “urgent, difficult, worrying and hopeful (急難愁盼)”; and continue to analyze
typical cases in depth and extract excellent experiences, continuously optimize the implementation plan of
the red property, and improve the construction of the community service system under the leadership of
party building, so as to enhance the sense of well-being and satisfaction of the general residents.




                                                                                             2024 Interim Report   9
     At present, the growing expectations of property owners for a better life and their significantly increased
     sensitivity to property service price, coupled with the intensifying market competition in the industry, have
     imposed higher requirements on property service enterprises. Meanwhile, the Group has encountered
     multiple challenges in brand building and market expansion due to the influence of related parties, and
     some of the projects delivered by related parties are also under certain operational pressure. We believe
     that under the strong leadership of the Board and the management, the Group will face up to the challenges
     and continue to hone its internal strengths to ensure stable operation, and contribute to the sustainable
     development of the Company with high-quality services, high-quality expansion and refined operations.

     Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all our staff and management team for their contribution
     to the development of the Company, and I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to all our
     shareholders and stakeholders for their trust and support.




     Duan Shengli
     Chairman of the Board

     Hong Kong, 30 August 2024




10   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis

BUSINESS REVIEW
Quality is the foundation, build a better life with heart
The Group has always adhered to the service concept of “to the customer, to the front line (向客戶､向一
線)”, and has continued to improve its service capabilities and enhance customer experience. During the
Period, the Group paid close attention to the implementation of service quality through “regular work +
special action + benchmarking”. It continued to conduct customer satisfaction surveys and research, project
quality inspections, provide frontline project assistance and promotion of excellent experience. This approach
allowed for timely identification and resolution of project problems, and encouraged regional companies
to combine local characteristics with service innovations, so as to ensure that the frontline projects always
maintain a high standard of service level. During the Period, the Group launched the “safety production
month” activity, focusing on the safety management of non-motorized vehicles, continued to carry out safety
education and in-depth investigation of potential safety hazards, in order to build up a strong defence line
for the community, and to create a safe, comfortable and harmonious living environment for the property
owners.


Focus on demand and precision in community living services
Taking servicing the property owners as the fundamental starting point, the Group focuses on the diversified
needs of the property owners in the areas of “clothing, food, housing and transport”, continuing to improve
the “Jinbi Home” good living service system, and endeavoring to provide the property owners with highly
efficient, convenient and diversified community living services.

During the Period, the Group vigorously developed its community group purchase business, continued to
cultivate product quality and marketing scenarios, strengthened word-of-mouth communication through
community operation, and gradually built up the IP of “Evergrande Optimization (恒優選)”, which effectively
boosted the rate of repeat purchases and penetration rate. Currently, the Group has established a
community living service group covering over 1,000 projects, with approximately 300,000 high-frequency
repeat purchase customers and thousands of active “Optimization Customers (優選客)”. Adhering to the
strategy of “selection at source, service to home, and after-sale service without any worries (源頭甄選､服
務到家､售後無憂)”, the Group has elaborately created a number of products with sales volume exceeding
RMB10 million, during the Period, which contributed to the continuous growth of the community group
purchase business, and the revenue of the community group purchase business for the Period increased by
approximately 18.6% as compared with the corresponding period in 2023.




                                                                                            2024 Interim Report   11
     In terms of to-home services, the Group insists that service quality is the lifeline, and through the
     establishment of a comprehensive to-home product system and service standards, the Group will continue to
     strengthen the customer service experience, gradually build up the brand image of “Jinbi Home”, and achieve
     the enhancement of customer loyalty, with the repurchase rate of orders in the first half of 2024 exceeding
     60%, which has been widely acclaimed by customers, thus achieving the high-quality development of the
     business.


     Focus on cultivation to promote quality development of asset management services
     The Group has gained in-depth insights into the core needs of property owners for asset services. Based on
     the principle of “professional service, property owner satisfaction and after-sale service without any worries”,
     the Group provides a full range of asset services including rental and sale of flats, car parking spaces for
     rent and house entrustment, striving to be the most reliable asset manager for property owners. During the
     Period, the Group vigorously developed its self-operated housing rental and sale business and continued to
     expand its coverage, with its business now covering over 100 cities and more than 700 premium projects,
     representing an increase in revenue of approximately 177.6% as compared with the corresponding period in
     2023.


     Diversified expansion, accelerate the pace of the Company’s marketization
     The Group has always regarded market expansion as the main growth method to enhance its management
     scale and efficiency. Based on the diversified brand development strategy of “Jinbi+”, the Group has
     leveraged on the advantages of its nationwide distribution and continued to deeply plough into key cities and
     inventory markets, and has achieved remarkable results in its expansion through continuous enhancement
     of the professional competence of its outbound team and the synergistic development of its multi-brands.
     During the Period, the cumulative newly signed contracted GFA from third parties exceeded 21 million sq.m.,
     representing a period-on-period increase of over 40%, with a total contract value of approximately RMB600
     million; among which, inventory projects accounted for approximately 60%, which can be quickly converted
     from contracts and bring about a stable cash flow; non-residential projects accounted for approximately
     65%, which covered a large number of landmark projects involving various industries such as railways and
     transportations, hospitals, industrial parks and public services in the city, etc.




12   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Multi-measures to achieve the resonance of talents and enterprise development at the same frequency
The Group firmly believes that “talent gathering leads to development (人才聚則發展興)” and regards talent
as the primary resource. We have been promoting the building of a talented workforce and the high-quality
development of the Group to ensure the Group’s sustainable and steady progress. During the Period,
we continued to deepen our talent development work, continuously optimized the performance system,
and promoted the construction of a multi-honor system, so as to enable our staff to identify gaps in the
benchmarks, make up for shortcomings and strengthen weaknesses, and to make every effort to enhance
the level of service; meanwhile, we actively enriched the talent pool of management and implemented the
“instructor of passing, helping and leading (傳幫帶導師)” mechanism of talent cultivation, so as to enable our
talents to learn in practice and grow under guidance, and to stimulate the potentials of staff through various
measures, so as to promote corporate development through the advancement of talents. In addition, the
Group has endeavored to implement the strategy of “refining headquarters and strengthening the frontline
(精總部､強一線)” by continuously strengthening the enabling role of the headquarters and devoting more
talents and resources to the frontline, so as to build up a frontline elite service team that is suitable for the
development of the Company’s business, and to promote the Group’s high-quality development in the
course of practical work.


Future Outlook
In the future, we will continue to take the road of steady and high-quality development, adhere to the
customer-oriented, service-oriented, comprehensively strengthen the five core competitiveness of the brand,
quality, human resources, operations, science and technology, to build the foundation of the development
of property management, and is committed to providing customers with a full range of multi-level,
comprehensive and high-quality services.

When a hundred boats are competing for water, those who strive for the best are the first; when a thousand
sails are competing for the best, those who are courageous are the winners (百舸爭流，奮楫者先；千帆競
發，勇進者勝). The Board of Directors and the management of the Group will do their utmost to lead the
Company to break the waves, achieve high-quality development and create greater value and returns for our
shareholders.




                                                                                              2024 Interim Report   13
     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Revenue
     The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from four business segments: (i) property management services; (ii)
     community living services; (iii) asset management services; and (iv) community operation services. During the
     Period, the Group’s total revenue was approximately RMB6,220.2 million, representing a period-on-period
     increase of approximately 1.2%.

     The following table sets out a breakdown of revenue by business segment of the Group for the periods
     indicated:


                                    For the six months ended         For the six months ended
                                           30 June 2024                    30 June 2023

                                                    Percentage                       Percentage
                                                         of total                         of total
                                        Revenue         revenue         Revenue         revenue      Growth rate
                                       (RMB’000)              (%)     (RMB’000)               (%)             (%)

     Property management
        services                       5,193,797            83.5      5,066,459             82.5             2.5
        – Basic property
             management
             services                  5,158,058            82.9      5,024,605             81.8             2.7
        – Value-added services
             to non-property
             owners                       35,739             0.6         41,854               0.7          -14.6
     Community living services           427,623             6.9        412,059               6.7            3.8
     Asset management services           406,247             6.5        362,095               5.9           12.2
     Community operation
        services                         192,525             3.1        304,504               4.9          -36.8

     Total                             6,220,192           100.0      6,145,117            100.0             1.2




14   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
(i)   Property management services
      During the Period, revenue from property management services amounted to approximately
      RMB5,193.8 million, representing a period-on-period increase of approximately 2.5%. Among them:

      1.   Revenue from basic property management services amounted to approximately RMB5,158.1
           million, representing a period-on-period increase of approximately 2.7%.

           As of 30 June 2024, the Group had a total GFA under management of approximately 555 million
           sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 46 million sq.m. as compared with the total GFA
           under management of approximately 509 million sq.m. as at 30 June 2023.

           The following table sets out the changes in revenue from basic property management services by
           business segment of the Group for the periods indicated:


                                      For the six months ended        For the six months ended
                                            30 June 2024                   30 June 2023

                                                     Percentage                     Percentage
                                                         of total                         of total
                                         Revenue        revenue         Revenue         revenue      Growth rate
           Project Sources             (RMB’000)             (%)      (RMB’000)               (%)             (%)

           Residential/
              commercial, etc.          4,401,957           85.4      4,312,934             85.9             2.1
           Public construction
              projects                    723,902           14.0        679,652             13.5             6.5
           City public service             32,199            0.6         32,019               0.6            0.6

           Total                        5,158,058          100.0      5,024,605            100.0             2.7


      2.   Revenue from value-added services to non-property owners amounted to approximately RMB35.7
           million.




                                                                                               2024 Interim Report   15
             During the Period, (i) due to the principle of prudence, the Group recognized revenue from basic
             property management services on the basis of the consideration expected to be received for the
             provision of property management services to customers. For certain customers with significantly
             increased credit risk, the Group has not recognized revenue for the portion of the consideration from
             those customers for which the Group has fulfilled its performance obligations but has not yet collected
             the consideration, taking into account their willingness to pay the consideration when the consideration
             was overdue; and (ii) considering the status of related parties, the Group ’s revenue from property
             management services during the Period excluded revenue from basic property management services
             such as management of vacant properties relating to related parties of approximately RMB194.1 million
             based on the principle of robustness.


     (ii)    Community living services
             During the Period, revenue from community living services amounted to approximately RMB427.6
             million, representing a period-on-period increase of approximately 3.8%, which was mainly attributable
             to: (i) the Group’s focus on community group purchase from the perspective of property owners’
             demand, with the creation of a number of featured products with sales volume exceeding RMB10
             million during the Period; and (ii) based on the high-frequency demand for drinking water from property
             owners, the Group has expanded the scale of its self-operated facilities and launched a series of
             marketing activities to enhance its operating revenue.


     (iii)   Asset management services
             During the Period, revenue from asset management services amounted to approximately RMB406.2
             million, representing a period-on-period increase of approximately 12.2%, which was mainly attributable
             to: (i) the significant increase in business revenue as the Group continued to expand its professional
             leasing and sales team by leveraging on its advantage of scale, and enhanced its business proactivity
             and customer satisfaction; and (ii) the steady growth achieved in the revenue scale as the Group
             enhanced the quality of its services and optimized the parking experience following the commencement
             of operation of the newly delivered garages.




16   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
(iv)    Community operation services
        During the Period, revenue from community operation services amounted to approximately RMB192.5
        million, representing a period-on-period decrease of approximately 36.8%, which was mainly
        attributable to the decrease in investment in business related to the leasing of merchants’ premises and
        advertisement placement due to the weaker-than-expected impact of the general market environment.

The table below sets out a breakdown of revenue by source of the Group’s revenue for the periods indicated:


                                  For the six months ended         For the six months ended
                                         30 June 2024                    30 June 2023

                                                  Percentage                       Percentage
                                                       of total                         of total
                                     Revenue          revenue         Revenue         revenue      Growth rate
 Revenue sources                   (RMB’000)               (%)      (RMB’000)               (%)              (%)

 Related parties                       31,317              0.5         65,347               1.1           -52.1
 Third parties                      6,188,875             99.5      6,079,770             98.9               1.8

Total                               6,220,192            100.0      6,145,117            100.0               1.2


Cost of sales
The Group’s cost of sales include staff costs, greening and cleaning costs, facilities and equipment repair
and maintenance costs, energy costs, taxes and other levies.

During the Period, the cost of sales of the Group increased by approximately 6.8% from approximately
RMB4,646.0 million for the corresponding period in 2023 to approximately RMB4,964.1 million for the
Period, which was mainly attributable to: (i) the expansion of the Group’s GFA under management; (ii) the
enhancement of the quality of services and the increase in investment in facilities and equipment renovation,
environmental enhancement and upgrade of greenery of projects under management; and (iii) increased
procurement costs as a result of the vigorous development of community living services.




                                                                                               2024 Interim Report   17
     Gross profit and gross profit margin
     The following table sets out the breakdown of gross profit and gross profit margin by the Group’s business
     segments for the periods indicated:


                                             For the six months ended               For the six months ended
                                                    30 June 2024                          30 June 2023

                                                                       Gross                                 Gross
                                             Gross profit      profit margin        Gross profit      profit margin
                                               (RMB’000)                  (%)        (RMB’000)                  (%)

     Property management services                843,422                16.2         1,064,045                21.0
        – Basic property management
             services                            840,147                16.3         1,060,150                21.1
        – Value-added services to
             non-property owners                    3,275                 9.2             3,895                 9.3
     Community living services                   109,785                25.7             97,348               23.6
     Asset management services                   224,835                55.3           202,741                56.0
     Community operation services                  78,049               40.5           135,030                44.3

     Total                                     1,256,091                20.2         1,499,164                24.4


     During the Period, the Group’s overall gross profit amounted to approximately RMB1,256.1 million, with a
     gross profit margin of approximately 20.2%, representing a period-on-period decrease of approximately 4.2
     percentage points.

     In respect of property management services, gross profit margin decreased by approximately 4.8 percentage
     points from approximately 21.0% for the corresponding period in 2023 to approximately 16.2% for the
     Period. Among them, the gross profit margin of basic property management services decreased by
     approximately 4.8 percentage points from approximately 21.1% for the corresponding period in 2023 to
     approximately 16.3% for the Period, which was mainly attributable to: (i) based on prudence principle, for
     certain third-party customers with significantly increased credit risk, the Group has temporarily not recognized
     revenue for the portion of the consideration from those customers for which the Group has fulfilled its
     performance obligations but has not yet collected the consideration, taking into account their willingness to
     pay the consideration when the consideration was overdue, but the related costs have been recognized;
     and (ii) the Group has focused on improving the quality of its services and has increased its investment in
     the projects under management in terms of facility and equipment renewal and renovation, environmental
     enhancement and greenery upgrade.




18   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
In respect of community operation services, gross profit margin decreased by approximately 3.8 percentage
points from approximately 44.3% for the corresponding period in 2023 to approximately 40.5% for the
Period. This was mainly attributable to the decrease in investment in business related to the leasing of
merchants’ premises and advertisement placement due to the weaker-than-expected impact of the general
market environment.


Administrative expenses
During the Period, the administrative expenses of the Group increased by approximately 33.2% from
approximately RMB390.3 million for the corresponding period in 2023 to approximately RMB519.7 million
for the Period, which was mainly attributable to: (i) the Group initiated proceedings with the Guangzhou
Intermediate People’s Court in relation to the enforcement of the deposits pledge of RMB13.4 billion by the
relevant banks, thereby incurring relevant proceedings expenses of approximately RMB61.8 million; and (ii)
the Group recognized bad debt losses and made partial pre-tax deduction in respect of RMB13.4 billion of
pledge enforcement amount, and the related late payment of approximately RMB40.8 million incurred by the
Group in respect of the related underpayment of enterprise income tax were included in the administrative
expenses for the Period. As of the date of this report, the Group has paid back the income tax for the years
2021 and 2022 in the amount of approximately RMB642.5 million.


Other income
During the Period, other income amounted to approximately RMB72.3 million, representing a decrease of
approximately 8.7% as compared with approximately RMB79.2 million for the corresponding period in 2023.
This was mainly due to the decrease in tax incentive policy subsidies and government subsidies as compared
with the corresponding period of the previous year.


Other losses
During the Period, the Group’s other net losses amounted to approximately RMB25.0 million, representing a
decrease of approximately 61.0% as compared with approximately RMB64.1 million for the corresponding
period in 2023. Other net losses were mainly due to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets during
the Period.


Income tax expenses
During the Period, the Group ’ s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB182.6 million,
representing a decrease of approximately 22.0% as compared with approximately RMB234.1 million for the
corresponding period in 2023, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in operating profit achieved
during the Period as compared with the corresponding period in 2023.



                                                                                          2024 Interim Report   19
     Profit for the Period
     During the Period, the net profit of the Group amounted to approximately RMB499.8 million, representing a
     decrease of approximately 36.8% as compared with approximately RMB790.3 million for the corresponding
     period in 2023, and the net profit margin was approximately 8.0%, representing a decrease of approximately
     4.9 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period in 2023.

     During the Period, profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB500.5
     million, representing a decrease of approximately 35.9% as compared with approximately RMB781.3 million
     for the corresponding period in 2023.


     Property and equipment
     The Group’s property and equipment mainly comprises buildings, machinery, vehicles, furniture, fixtures and
     equipment.

     As at 30 June 2024, the net book value of the Group’s property and equipment amounted to approximately
     RMB62.4 million, representing an increase of approximately 6.5% as compared with approximately RMB58.6
     million as at 31 December 2023.


     Right-of-use assets
     The Group’s right-of-use assets mainly comprise assets such as offices, staff quarters and operating lease
     assets leased by the Group. As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s right-of-use assets amounted to approximately
     RMB19.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB8.8 million as compared with approximately
     RMB28.5 million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in the remaining
     lease terms of the operating lease assets.


     Intangible assets
     The Group’s intangible assets include property contracts, customer relationships, software and goodwill.

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group ’ s intangible assets amounted to approximately RMB1,564.8 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately RMB81.8 million as compared with approximately RMB1,646.6
     million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly attributable to the impairment and amortization
     of goodwill, customer relationships and property management contracts recognized by the acquired
     subsidiaries during the Period.




20   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Trade and other receivables
The Group continued to enhance the quality of project services and enhance the collection of customer
fees. As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s trade receivables amounted to approximately RMB3,047.6 million,
which was basically the same as approximately RMB3,046.6 million as at 31 December 2023. Among them,
the total trade receivables from related parties of the Group were further reduced as compared with 31
December 2023.

The Group’s other receivables decreased by approximately RMB5.9 million from approximately RMB462.0
million as at 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB456.1 million as at 30 June 2024.


Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables include trade payables, provisional receipts, deposits payable, consideration
payable for mergers and acquisitions, wages and benefits payable, dividends payable, tax payable and
estimated liabilities.

As at 30 June 2024, the Group ’ s trade payables amounted to approximately RMB1,586.5 million,
representing an increase of approximately RMB171.1 million as compared with approximately RMB1,415.4
million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly attributable to the expansion of the Group’s GFA under
management and the increase in the trade payables for the related material procurement and maintenance
works.

Other payables decreased by approximately RMB109.2 million from approximately RMB2,700.2 million
as at 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB2,591.0 million as at 30 June 2024 (comprising long-term
payables of approximately RMB137.9 million and current payables of approximately RMB2,453.1 million),
which was mainly attributable to the decrease in the amount of consideration paid for business combination
in previous years and the decrease in the amounts of transactions with third parties by the Group.


Contract liabilities
Contract liabilities mainly arose from prepayments made by customers for related services such as basic
property management services, community living services, asset management services and community
operation services that have not yet been provided. As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s contract liabilities
amounted to approximately RMB2,562.0 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB87.4 million
as compared with approximately RMB2,649.4 million as at 31 December 2023.




                                                                                           2024 Interim Report   21
     Current income tax liabilities
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s current income tax liabilities amounted to approximately RMB803.2 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately RMB384.3 million as compared with approximately RMB1,187.5
     million as at 31 December 2023. The decrease was mainly due to: (i) the back payments of income tax
     for the years 2021 and 2022, and the settlement and payment of income tax for 2023 in aggregate of
     approximately RMB575.3 million; and (ii) the increase in income tax liabilities arising from the operating profit
     for the Period.


     Liquidity and financial resources
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group ’s total bank deposits and cash (including the Group ’s cash and cash
     equivalents and restricted cash) amounted to approximately RMB2,445.6 million, representing an increase
     of approximately RMB439.1 million as compared with approximately RMB2,006.5 million as at 31 December
     2023, which was mainly due to the redemption of financial assets of approximately RMB417.5 million during
     the Period.

     Of the Group’s total bank deposits and cash, restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB125.5 million
     mainly represented the industry regulatory funds of Evergrande Insurance Agency Co., Ltd., deposits for the
     provision of property management services as required by local government authorities, cash restricted to
     projects managed on a remuneration basis only and funds for litigation preservation of some subsidiaries.

     As at 30 June 2024, the net current liabilities of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1,477.2 million (31
     December 2023: net current liabilities of approximately RMB1,907.3 million). The Group’s current ratio (current
     assets/current liabilities) was approximately 0.80 times (31 December 2023: 0.76 times).

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any borrowing. Accordingly, the gearing ratio (calculated as total
     borrowings divided by total equity at the date indicated) as at 30 June 2024 was nil (31 December 2023: nil).




22   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
MAJOR RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The major risks and uncertainties faced by the Group are set forth below. Such factors are not exhaustive
and therefore other risks and uncertainties may also exist.


Industry risks
The operation of the Group may be affected by the regulatory landscape of the industry and related
measures. The main reason is that the fees charged by property management companies for management
services are strictly monitored and supervised by relevant regulatory authorities. The business performance
of the Group depends on the contracted GFA, the chargeable GFA under management and the number
of projects under management, but the business growth are affected and will likely continue to be affected
by the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) government’s regulations on the industry where the Group
belongs.


Business risks
Whether the Group can maintain or improve its current level of profitability depends on whether it can
maintain or improve its current scale and effectively control its operating costs. The Group’s profit margins
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by increases in labour costs or other
operating costs. The Group cannot guarantee that it will be able to secure new property service contracts
according to its plan or pursuant to appropriate schedule and price. The Group may not be able to recover
related income including property management fees from customers, resulting in possible impairment losses
in receivables. As a result of the liquidation of the controlling shareholder and the progress of the disposal
of its assets, the Group may face the termination of some of the pre-contracted property management
service contracts and may not be able to convert the contracted GFA in a timely and effective manner; the
delay in delivery by the related parties may also affect the increase in the Group’s collection rate; the change
in profitability model of some of the related party-related businesses may result in a decline in the level of
profitability of the related businesses; and the liquidation of the controlling shareholder may result in a change
of shareholding of the Company, which may affect the stability of the operating team. The above factors may
have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial conditions and results of operations.




                                                                                               2024 Interim Report   23
     Foreign exchange risks
     The business of the Group is mainly located in China. Save for bank deposits denominated in foreign
     currencies, there is no major direct exchange rate fluctuation risk faced by the Group. During the Period,
     the Directors expected that the Renminbi exchange rate would not have a material adverse effect on the
     operations of the Group. Currently, the Group has not entered into contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign
     exchange risk, but the management will continue to monitor foreign exchange risks and adopt prudent
     measures to reduce potential exchange risks.


     Risk of continuing as a going concern
     The Group’s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on having sufficient working capital to
     meet its financial obligations as they fall due within the next twelve months. As stated in Note 2 to the
     Group’s consolidated financial statements, the Group has taken certain measures to address the uncertainty
     in continuing as a going concern, including strict control over the management ’ s establishment and
     remuneration, streamlining the Group’s operating costs, negotiating with creditors and acquired companies
     on the extension of payment agreements, and enhancing internal controls to ensure the continued sound
     operation of the Company. The above measures have effectively alleviated the pressure on the Group’s
     operating cash liquidity.


     Risk of unrecoverable material losses
     The Group has incurred material losses (the “Losses”) as a result of the pledged deposits of RMB13.4
     billion (the “Deposit Pledge”) being enforced by the relevant banks, which had been fully provided for as
     impairment losses in 2021. The Group has filed proceedings with the Guangzhou Intermediate People’s
     Court of Guangdong Province in the PRC against China Evergrande Group and the relevant responsible
     parties for the recovery of the Losses, and the application has been accepted by the court. However,
     due to the status of the related parties, the recovery of the Losses by the Group is subject to significant
     uncertainties. The Company will keep the market informed of any progress in a timely manner by way of
     publishing further announcement(s).


     PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had no pledged assets.


     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.




24   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
HUMAN RESOURCES
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had 93,792 employees. The employees were remunerated in accordance
with the Group ’ s remuneration and welfare policies with reference to the positions of employees,
performance, profitability of the Company, industry level and market environment.

The Group has to participate in social insurance contribution plans or other retirement plans organized
by local governments, and make contributions to social insurance funds monthly on behalf of employees
for the payment of pension funds, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance,
unemployment insurance and housing provident funds, or make contributions to mandatory provident fund
for employees regularly.

Based on the three-level training mechanism of “headquarters-region-project”, the Group is committed to
implementing a campus recruitment programme for management trainees, trainings for new employees
and key talent trainings. The Group organizes and conducts trainings on various professional skills, general
aptitude, management ability and corporate culture in accordance with our business development needs and
employee career planning, in order to improve the comprehensive quality and work capabilities of employees.

During the Period, all staff participated in training, with a total of 554,000 hours of training and an average of
5.9 hours of training per person.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF
SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any significant investment, material
acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had no specific plan for material investments or capital assets.




                                                                                               2024 Interim Report   25
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The shareholders of the Company resolved at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 10
     May 2021 to adopt the share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”).

     The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to selected eligible
     participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group. The
     Directors consider that the Share Option Scheme will serve to motivate the eligible participants to contribute
     to the Group’s development. The Share Option Scheme, which will be in the form of options to subscribe for
     shares, will enable the Group to recruit, incentivize and retain high-calibre staff, which the Directors consider
     that it is in line with modern commercial practice that eligible participants, which will include full or part-time
     employees, executives, officers or directors of the Group and any associated corporations of the Company
     and any advisers, consultants, agents, suppliers and joint venture partners who have contributed to the
     Group, be given incentives and align their interests and objectives with that of the Group.

     The Share Option Scheme does not specify a minimum period for which an option must be held nor a
     performance target which must be achieved before an option can be exercised. However, the rules of
     the Share Option Scheme provide that the Board may determine, at its sole discretion, such terms and
     conditions on the grant of an option provided that no option shall be exercised 10 years after they have been
     granted.

     Based on the 10,810,811,000 shares of the Company (the “ Shares ” ) in issue as at the date of the
     extraordinary general meeting, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon exercise of the
     options granted under the Share Option Scheme is 1,081,081,100 Shares, being 10% of the issued share
     capital of the Company as at the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme and this report.

     The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option
     Scheme to any eligible participant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue within any 12-month period.

     Any option will be deemed to have been granted and accepted by the grantee when the duplicate offer
     document constituting acceptance of the option duly signed by the grantee, and a remittance in favour of the
     Company of HK$1.00 as consideration for the grant thereof is received by the Company.

     The exercise price of the options is determined by the Board at its absolute discretion and will be not less
     than the highest price of the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued
     by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on the date of the grant, the average
     official closing prices of the Company’s Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock
     Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant and the nominal value of the
     Shares of the Company.




26   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
At the beginning and the end of the six months ended 30 June 2024, the number of share options available
for grant under the mandate limit of the Share Option Scheme was both 1,081,081,100 Shares. No service
provider sublimit was set under the Share Option Scheme.

The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effect for a period of 10 years commencing from the date of its
adoption up to 9 May 2031. As at the date of this report, the remaining life of the Share Option Scheme is
approximately 6 years and 8 months. During the six months ended 30 June 2024 and up to the date of this
report, no share options had been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme,
nor were there any options outstanding under the Share Option Scheme.


SHARE AWARD SCHEME
The Company has not adopted any share award scheme.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURE
As at 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register
required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the
“Listing Rules”) were as follows:


(i)   Interest in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                            Capacity in which                                  Number of                percentage of
       Name                                 interests are held                               Shares held               shareholding(1)

       Mr. Duan Shengli                     Beneficial owner                                    3,550,000                        0.03%
       Mr. Hu Xu                            Beneficial owner                                           3,500                     0.00%
       Mr. Sang Quan                        Beneficial owner                                           1,000                     0.00%

      Notes:


      1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.


      2.       All interests stated above are long position.




                                                                                                                       2024 Interim Report   27
     (ii)    Interest in shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                     Capacity in                                          Approximate
                                               Name of associated                    which interests                  Number of          percentage of
              Name                             corporation                           are held                        shares held        shareholding(1)

              Mr. Duan Shengli                 China Evergrande Group                Beneficial owner                      10,000                  0.00%
                                               China Evergrande                      Beneficial owner                  2,420,000                   0.02%
                                                   New Energy Vehicle
                                                   Group Limited
              Mr. Sang Quan                    China Evergrande                      Beneficial owner                      55,500                  0.00%
                                                   New Energy Vehicle
                                                   Group Limited

             Notes:

             1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of shares in issue of the respective associated corporation as at 30 June
                      2024.

             2.       All interests stated above are long position.



     (iii)   Interest in share options of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                             Capacity in                            Number of              Approximate
                                         Name of associated                  which interests                    share options             percentage of
              Name                       corporation                         are held                                       held        shareholding (1)

              Mr. Duan Shengli           China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                       20,600,000                      0.16%
              Mr. Han Chao               China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                            40,000                     0.00%
              Mr. Hu Xu                  China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                            80,000                     0.00%
              Mr. Sang Quan              China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                          150,000                      0.00%
              Mr. Lin Wuchang            China Evergrande Group              Beneficial owner                            70,000                     0.00%

             Notes:

             1.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of shares in issue of the respective associated corporation as at 30 June
                      2024.

             2.       All interests stated above are long position.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, none of the Directors, chief executive of the Company or
     their respective associates had any other interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or
     debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
     as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
     Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.



28   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
So far as is known to the Director, as at 30 June 2024, the following persons had interests or short positions
in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions
of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required to be kept under
Section 336 of the SFO or which were otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange:

                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                     Capacity in which                                           Number of percentage of
 Name                                                interests are held                                     Shares held(1) shareholding (2)

 Dr. Hui Ka Yan                                      Interest in controlled corporation                5,590,229,000 (3)(4)                   51.71%
 Xin Xin (BVI) Limited                               Interest in controlled corporation                5,590,229,000        (3)(4)
                                                                                                                                              51.71%
 China Evergrande Group                              Interest in controlled corporation                5,590,229,000        (3)(4)
                                                                                                                                              51.71%
                                                         and beneficial owner
 CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited                          Beneficial owner                                  5,383,074,000 (3)(4)                   49.79%

Notes:

1.       The disclosure of the number of Shares held was made in accordance with the latest reported disclosure of interests notice as of 30 June 2024.

2.       The calculation of the percentage is based on the total number of Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.

3.       According to the disclosure of interests notices last filed by Dr. Hui Ka Yan (“Dr. Hui”), Xin Xin (BVI) Limited and China Evergrande Group on 16
         December 2022 in respect of their interests on 14 December 2022, of the 5,590,229,000 Shares, 5,383,074,000 Shares were held directly by
         CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited and 207,155,000 Shares were held directly by China Evergrande Group. CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited was directly
         owned as to 50% by China Evergrande Group and as to 50% by Shengjian (BVI) Limited. Shengjian (BVI) Limited was wholly owned by Anji (BVI)
         Limited, which was in turn wholly owned by China Evergrande Group. Xin Xin (BVI) Limited was a company wholly owned by Dr. Hui and the
         direct controlling shareholder of China Evergrande Group. By virtue of the SFO, Dr. Hui and Xin Xin (BVI) Limited were deemed to be interested in
         the Shares in which China Evergrande Group was interested, and China Evergrande Group, Anji (BVI) Limited and Shengjian (BVI) Limited were
         deemed to be interested in the Shares held by CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited.

4.       According to the announcement of China Evergrande Group dated 13 September 2024 (the “Announcement”), CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited is a
         direct wholly-owned subsidiary of China Evergrande Group, which held 5,368,074,000 Shares (representing approximately 49.65% of the total
         issued Shares) of the Company as at the date of the Announcement. By virtue of the SFO, Dr. Hui, Xin Xin (BVI) Limited and China Evergrande
         Group were deemed to be interested in the Shares held by CEG Holdings (BVI) Limited.


5.       All interests stated above are long position.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the six months ended 30 June 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased,
sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares).

As of 30 June 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.



                                                                                                                                     2024 Interim Report     29
     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Since 30 June 2024 and up to the date of this report, there has been no material subsequent events that
     have occurred to the Group.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
     The Company has adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set
     out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the Company’s corporate governance code. For the six months
     ended 30 June 2024, the Company had complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG Code.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the
     Company’s code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors. The Company has made specific
     enquiry of all the Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the requirements set out in
     the Model Code throughout the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     INTERIM DIVIDEND
     The Board did not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024
     (six months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).


     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     In accordance with the requirements of the CG Code and the Listing Rules, the Company has established
     an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) comprising three independent non-executive Directors, namely,
     Ms. Wen Yanhong (Chairwomen), Mr. Peng Liaoyuan and Mr. Dong Xinyi. The Audit Committee and the
     management of the Company have considered and reviewed the accounting principles and practices
     adopted by the Group, the unaudited interim results and the consolidated financial statements of the Group
     for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The financial information, including the comparative figures, have
     been reviewed by the Audit Committee.


     REVIEW OF UNAUDITED INTERIM RESULTS
     The unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 have been reviewed by
     the Company’s independent auditor, Prism Hong Kong Limited, in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on
     Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor
     of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




30   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Report on Review of Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements


To the Board of Directors of Evergrande Property Services Group Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liabilities)


INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the interim condensed consolidated financial statements set out on pages 33 to 64, which
comprises the condensed consolidated statement of financial position of Evergrande Property Services
Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred as the “Group”) as at
30 June 2024 and the related condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended,
and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with
the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS
34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of the
Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these interim condensed consolidated
financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these
interim condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review. Our report is made solely to
you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review
of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the HKICPA.
A review of interim condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily
of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review
procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become
aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion.




                                                                                              2024 Interim Report   31
     MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN
     We draw your attention to note 2 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements in respect of the
     going concern basis adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.
     The Group recorded net current liabilities of approximately RMB1,477,227,000 as at 30 June 2024 (as at
     31 December 2023: approximately RMB1,907,269,000). These conditions, together with the matters set
     out in note 2 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements, indicate that there are significant
     uncertainties which may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. The
     Group is implementing various measures to improve its liquidity. The directors of the Company, having
     considered the measures taken by the Group, are of the opinion that the Group has the ability to continue as
     a going concern. In respect of this matter, our conclusion has not been modified.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim condensed
     consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




     Prism Hong Kong Limited
     Certified Public Accountants


     Lee Kwok Lun
     Practising Certificate Number: P06294
     Hong Kong
     30 August 2024




32   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit
or Loss and other Comprehensive Income
                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                  Notes     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                            6        6,220,192            6,145,117
Cost of sales                                                              (4,964,101)          (4,645,953)
Gross profit                                                                1,256,091            1,499,164
Other income                                                       7            72,348               79,228
Other losses                                                                   (24,968)             (64,087)
Impairment losses on financial assets                                          (71,118)             (78,622)
Fair value losses on investment properties                                          (43)              (2,304)
Administrative expenses                                                      (519,656)            (390,270)
Operating profit                                                              712,654            1,043,109
Fair value gains on financial liabilities at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                               2,753                      –
Share of net profit of investments accounted for using
   equity method                                                                1,970                 6,901
Finance costs                                                      9          (34,945)              (25,618)
Profit before income tax                                                      682,432            1,024,392
Income tax expenses                                                10        (182,604)            (234,059)
Profit for the period                                                         499,828              790,333
Profit attributable to:
– Owners of the Company                                                       500,526              781,309
– Non-controlling interests                                                      (698)               9,024
                                                                              499,828              790,333
Other comprehensive (expense)/income
Item that maybe reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange difference arising on translation of
   financial statements of foreign operations                                     (138)               1,635
Total comprehensive income for the period                                     499,690              791,968
Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to:
– Owners of the Company                                                       500,388              782,944
– Non-controlling interests                                                      (698)               9,024
                                                                              499,690              791,968
Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners of
  the Company
– Basic and diluted                                                12       RMB0.05               RMB0.07

The above condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be
read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                           2024 Interim Report   33
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position
                                                                            As at           As at
                                                                         30 June     31 December
                                                                            2024            2023
                                                               Notes    RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)

     Assets
     Non-current assets
       Property and equipment                                   13         62,401         58,643
       Right-of-use assets                                                 19,738         28,507
       Intangible assets                                        14      1,564,844      1,646,599
       Investment properties                                                5,177          5,220
       Investments accounted for using equity method                       50,486         39,615
       Deferred tax assets                                               510,374         498,164

                                                                        2,213,020      2,276,748

     Current assets
       Trade and other receivables                              15      3,503,655      3,508,637
       Prepayments                                              16         68,611         31,495
       Inventories                                                          3,669          2,365
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                3,180        420,654
       Restricted cash                                          18       125,513         125,667
       Cash and cash equivalents                                17      2,320,098      1,880,850

                                                                        6,024,726      5,969,668

     Total assets                                                       8,237,746      8,246,416

     Equity
       Share capital                                            19          7,060          7,060
       Reserves                                                 20     (6,082,535)     (6,082,397)
       Retained earnings                                                6,108,288      5,607,762

     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                          32,813       (467,575)
     Non-controlling interests                                           424,110         486,786

     Total equity                                                        456,923          19,211




34   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               As at                As at
                                                                             30 June      31 December
                                                                                2024               2023
                                                             Notes         RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)            (Audited)

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
  Other payables                                              21             137,853            177,852
  Lease liabilities                                                            5,506             18,181
  Contingent consideration payables                                                 –              2,753
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                   135,511            151,482

                                                                             278,870            350,268

Current liabilities
  Lease liabilities                                                           97,117            102,335
  Trade and other payables                                    21           4,039,623          3,937,708
  Contract liabilities                                                     2,561,971          2,649,350
  Current income tax liabilities                                             803,242          1,187,544

                                                                           7,501,953          7,876,937

Total liabilities                                                          7,780,823          8,227,205

Total equity and liabilities                                               8,237,746          8,246,416


The above condensed consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




The interim financial information on pages 33 to 64 was approved by the Board of Directors and signed on
its behalf on 30 August 2024.


                      Duan Shengli                                      Han Chao
                         Director                                        Director


                                                                                        2024 Interim Report   35
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                              Non-
                                                           Share                  Retained              controlling
                                                          Capital   Reserves      earnings     Subtotal   interests      Total
                                                         RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000

     Balance as at 1 January 2023 (Audited)                 7,060   (6,305,377)   4,290,073   (2,008,244)   495,479    (1,512,765)

     Profit for the period                                      –           –      781,309      781,309       9,024      790,333
     Currency translation differences                           –       1,635            –        1,635           –        1,635
     Transactions with owners of the Company
     Other                                                      –       (1,048)          –        (1,048)         –         (1,048)
     Dividend distributed to non-controlling interests          –            –           –             –    (27,145)      (27,145)

     Balance at 30 June 2023 (Unaudited)                    7,060   (6,304,790)   5,071,382   (1,226,348)   477,358     (748,990)

     Balance as at 1 January 2024 (Audited)                 7,060   (6,082,397)   5,607,762    (467,575)    486,786       19,211

     Profit for the period                                      –            –     500,526      500,526        (698)     499,828
     Currency translation differences                           –         (138)          –         (138)          –         (138)
     Transactions with owners of the Company
     Capital injection from non-controlling interest            –            –           –             –          4             4
     Dividend distributed to non-controlling interests          –            –           –             –    (46,288)      (46,288)
     Acquisition of additional interests in non-wholly
       owned subsidiaries                                       –            –           –             –    (15,694)      (15,694)

     Balance at 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)                    7,060   (6,082,535)   6,108,288      32,813     424,110      456,923


     The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.




36   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

Cash flows of operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                   682,180              343,264
PRC enterprise income tax paid                                                  (586,256)              (94,281)

Net cash from operating activities                                                95,924              248,983

Cash flows of investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment                                               (15,989)             (13,757)
Purchases of intangible assets                                                      (3,442)              (1,165)
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                     1,109                1,233
Disposal of investment accounted for using equity method                                 –                  418
Interest received                                                                  11,517                 7,701
Net payments for consideration payables for acquisition of subsidiaries           (32,262)             (64,353)
Capital injection into associates                                                   (9,621)                (140)
Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               –                  324
Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              (580,000)                     –
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                               997,474                      –
Dividend income from an associate                                                   720                    646

Net cash from/(used in) investing activities                                    369,506                (69,093)

Cash flows of financing activities
Repayments of borrowings                                                                –              (66,667)
Interest paid on borrowings                                                             –                (7,116)
Lease payments                                                                   (25,019)              (38,881)
Capital injection from non-controlling interest                                         4                     –
Dividend distributed to non-controlling interests                                  (1,179)             (27,145)

Net cash used in financing activities                                            (26,194)            (139,809)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        439,236               40,081
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period                           1,880,850            1,567,979
Exchange realignment on cash and cash equivalents                                     12                1,943

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period                                 2,320,098            1,610,003


The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




                                                                                              2024 Interim Report   37
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     1.   General information
          Evergrande Property Services Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman
          Islands on 13 March 2020 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act
          (Cap. 22. Act 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of the
          Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-
          1111, Cayman Islands.

          The Company’s ultimate holding company is China Evergrande Group (in liquidation), an exempted
          company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and its shares are listed on The
          Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

          The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are
          primarily engaged in the provision of property management services, community living services, asset
          management services and community operation services.

          The interim condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and
          rounded to nearest RMB’000, unless otherwise stated. These interim condensed consolidated
          financial statements are unaudited.


     2.   Basis of preparation
          The interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 has
          been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial
          Reporting”.

          The interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the notes of the type
          normally included in an annual financial report. Accordingly, the interim condensed consolidated
          financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements
          of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023, which have been prepared in accordance with
          Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”).




38   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
2.   Basis of preparation (continued)
     Going concern assumption
     As at 30 June 2024, net current liabilities of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1,477,227,000
     (as at 31 December 2023: approximately RMB1,907,269,000). The above matters indicated that the
     Group will need to secure a substantial amount of funds in the foreseeable future to finance these
     financial obligations under various contractual and other arrangements.

     In view of the above circumstances, the Company have reviewed the Group’s cash flow projections,
     which cover a period of not less than twelve months from 30 June 2024. In the opinion of the
     directors, taking into account the following actions during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and
     plans and measures to be taken, the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial
     obligations up to 30 June 2025.

     –      The Group has reached agreements with certain creditors, agreeing not to demand immediate
            repayment of the liabilities when they fall due for the next twelve months from 30 June 2024;

     –      The Group has been actively negotiating with the creditors of consideration payable for business
            combinations to revise the repayment plan;

     –      The directors of the Company are currently implementing and will continue to further implement
            cost control in operating and other expenses, in order to improve the operating and financial
            position of the Group.

     On the basis that all these measures can be implemented successfully, the directors of the Company
     are of the opinion that the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations
     as they fall due and accordingly, the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months
     ended 30 June 2024 has been prepared on a going concern basis.

     Should the Group be unable to operate as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to
     write down the carrying amounts of the assets to their net recoverable amounts, to provide for any
     further liabilities that may arise and to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current
     assets and current liabilities respectively. The effects of these adjustments have not been reflected in
     the interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months ended 30
     June 2024.




                                                                                                2024 Interim Report   39
     3.    Accounting policies
           The interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost
           basis, except for investment properties, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and
           contingent consideration payables that are measured at fair values, at the end of each reporting
           period.

           The accounting policies and the methods of computation used in the interim condensed consolidated
           financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those followed in the
           Group’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. The
           adoption of the amendments to HKFRSs that are relevant to the Group and effective from the current
           period had no significant effects on the results and financial position of the Group for the current and
           prior periods.

           The Group has not early adopted the new/amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are
           not yet effective. The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the adoption of the new and
           amendments to HKFRSs in future periods will have any material impact on the Group’s interim
           condensed consolidated financial statements.


     4.    Financial risk management
     4.1   Financial risk factor
     4.1.1 Market risk
     (i)   Foreign exchange risk
           The Group’s normal operating activities are principally conducted in RMB since most of the operating
           entities are based in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The foreign exchange risk mainly
           arises from monetary assets and of certain subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies other than
           their functional currencies.

           The Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets at the respective consolidated statement
           of financial position are as follows:

                                                                                      30 June       31 Decembe
                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)           (Audited)

           Monetary assets
           – Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”)                                                  45,657             41,554
           – United States dollar (“USD”)                                                 717                844

                                                                                       46,374             42,398




40   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    Financial risk management (continued)
4.1   Financial risk factor (continued)
4.1.1 Market risk (continued)
(i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      The management is of the view that the Group has no significant foreign exchange risk in its
      operations and the fluctuation of the exchange rate of Renminbi will not have a significant impact on
      the financial position of the Group. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency risk hedging
      policy, however, the management will monitor the foreign exchange risk exposure dynamically and
      make necessary adjustments according to changes in market conditions.

      The interim condensed consolidated financial statements does not include all financial risk
      management information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be
      read in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
      December 2023.


4.1.2 Liquidity Risk
      To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
      deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
      fluctuations in cash flows.

      The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on the
      remaining period at the end of each reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
      disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                     Less than      Between       Between             Over
                                        1 year 1 and 2 years 2 and 5 years         5 years            Total
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)

       At 30 June 2024
       Lease liabilities                99,248         3,856         2,254                –        105,358
       Trade and other
         payables (excluding
         accrued payroll
         liabilities and other
         tax payable)                3,495,628      137,853                 –             –      3,633,481

                                     3,594,876      141,709          2,254                –      3,738,839


                                                                                           2024 Interim Report   41
     4.    Financial risk management (continued)
     4.1   Financial risk factor (continued)
     4.1.2 Liquidity Risk (continued)

                                           Less than           Between           Between                 Over
                                               1 year 1 and 2 years 2 and 5 years                     5 years                Total
                                            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000
                                             (Audited)         (Audited)          (Audited)         (Audited)          (Audited)

            At 31 December 2023
            Lease liabilities                112,078              5,630            11,231              3,478           132,417
            Trade and other
               payables (excluding
               accrued payroll
               liabilities and other
               tax payable)                3,245,044           177,852                    –                  –      3,422,896

                                           3,357,122           183,482             11,231              3,478        3,555,313


     4.1.3 Fair value measurement of financial instruments
     (a)   Fair value hierarchy
           The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by level of the inputs
           to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as follows:

           •       Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

           •       Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                   liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

           •       Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                   unobservable inputs) (level 3).




42   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    Financial risk management (continued)
4.1   Financial risk factor (continued)
4.1.3 Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
(a)   Fair value hierarchy ( continued)
      The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value:


                                                  Level 1          Level 2          Level 3               Total
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000
      At 30 June 2024                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

      Financial Assets
      Financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss                          –                –           3,180               3,180



                                                   Level 1          Level 2          Level 3               Total
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000
      At 31 December 2023                        (Audited)        (Audited)        (Audited)           (Audited)

      Financial Assets
      Financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss                          –                –        420,654             420,654
      Financial Liabilities
      Contingent consideration payables                  –                –           2,753               2,753




                                                                                               2024 Interim Report   43
     4.    Financial risk management (continued)
     4.1   Financial risk factor (continued)
     4.1.3 Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
     (b)   Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs

                                    Fair value   Fair value
           Financial                    as at        as at                 Valuation
           assets/financial          30 June 31 December      Fair value   techniques and             Significant
           liabilities                   2024        2023     hierarchy    key inputs                 unobservable inputs
                                    RMB’000      RMB’000
                                   (Unaudited)    (Audited)

           Financial assets
           Wealth management                –     417,474        Level 3   Quote provided by a        N/A as quantitative
             products                                                      financial institute in     unobservable inputs are not
                                                                           Mainland China.            developed by the Group.

           Unlisted entity              3,180       3,180        Level 3   Adjusted net asset         Discount factor of lack of
             investment                                                    value method.              marketability: 20% (2023:
                                                                                                      20%). The higher the
                                                                                                      discount factor, the lower
                                                                                                      the fair value.

           Financial liabilities
           Contingent                       –       2,753        Level 3   Discounted cash flow       Discount rate: 6.65%
             consideration                                                 method was used to         (2023: 6.65%). The higher
             payables                                                      capture the present        the discount rate, the lower
                                                                           value of the expected      the fair value.
                                                                           future economic
                                                                           benefits that will flow
                                                                           out of the Group arising
                                                                           from the contingent
                                                                           consideration, based
                                                                           on an appropriate
                                                                           discount rate.




44   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
4.    Financial risk management (continued)
4.1   Financial risk factor (continued)
4.1.3 Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
(c)   The following table presents the changes in level 3 financial instruments for the six months ended 30
      June 2024:

                                                                                                 Financial
                                                              Financial Assets                   Liabilties
                                                              Wealth                          Contingent
                                                       management       Unlisted entity    consideration
                                                           products         investment           payables
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024 (Audited)                            417,474             3,180               2,753
      Additions                                              580,000                  –                   –
      Gain recognized in the statement of
         profit and loss                                            –                 –             (2,753)
      Disposal                                              (997,474)                 –                   –

      At 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)                                   –            3,180                    –


5.    Segment information
      Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief
      operating decision maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and
      assessing performance of the operating segment, has been identified as the executive directors of the
      Company.

      During the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, the Group is principally engaged in the
      provision of property management services, community living services, asset management services
      and community operation services in the PRC. Management reviews the operating results of the
      business as a single operating segment as the nature of services, the type of customers for services,
      the method used to provide their services and the nature of regulatory environment is the same in
      different regions.

      The principal operating entities of the Group are domiciled in the PRC and majority of revenue is
      derived in the PRC during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.

      As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, majority of the non-current assets of the Group were
      located in the PRC.


                                                                                          2024 Interim Report   45
     6.   Revenue
          Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from property management services, community living
          services, asset management services and community operation services. An analysis of the Group’s
          revenue by category for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 is as follows:


                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                              (Represented)

           Property management services
           – Basic property management services                                5,158,058         5,024,605
           – Value-added services to non-property owners                          35,739            41,854

                                                                               5,193,797         5,066,459

           Community living services                                             427,623           412,059
           Asset management services                                             406,247           362,095
           Community operation services                                          192,525           304,504

                                                                               6,220,192         6,145,117

           Timing of revenue recognition
           – Over time                                                         5,855,293         5,778,175
           – At a point in time                                                  364,899           366,942

                                                                               6,220,192         6,145,117




46   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
7.   Other income

                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                              2024                      2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                            (Represented)

      Government grants (Note a)                                                                            21,023                   37,982
      Write-off of payables                                                                                 21,700                     2,258
      Income from compensation of non-fulfilment of
           performance guarantee (Note b)                                                                   15,683                   29,216
      Interest income                                                                                       11,517                     7,701
      Income from overdue fine                                                                               1,360                     1,649
      Others                                                                                                 1,065                       422

                                                                                                            72,348                   79,228

     Notes:


     (a)      Government grants mainly consisted of financial grants from government organizations, tax deductions for employment of veterans and

              priority groups, and refund of paid unemployment insurance.


     (b)      During the six months ended 30 June 2024, as some of the acquired target companies failed to complete the performance guarantee,

              the consideration payment of approximately RMB15,683,000 (the corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB29,216,000) should

              be deducted in accordance with the terms of the relevant Equity Transfer Agreement.




                                                                                                                        2024 Interim Report         47
     8.   Employee benefit expenses

                                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                      2024                      2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

           Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                                                2,772,979                 2,544,872
           Contribution to pension scheme expenses (Note a)                                                      207,784                   240,830

                                                                                                               2,980,763                 2,785,702

          Note a: Employees in the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme administrated and

                   operated by the local government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which are calculated on certain percentage of the

                   prior year employee salary as agreed by local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.



     9.   Finance costs

                                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                      2024                      2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

           Interest on borrowings                                                                                           –                  7,116
           Interest on lease liabilities                                                                             8,923                     2,514
           Other finance costs (Note a)                                                                            26,022                    15,988

                                                                                                                   34,945                    25,618

          Note a: Other finance costs represented the finance expenses contained in the one-off discount offered by the Group to the individual property

                   owners for their advanced payments of property management fees.




48   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
10. Income tax expenses

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                           (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

    Current tax                                                                210,785            320,027
    Deferred tax                                                               (28,181)            (85,968)

                                                                               182,604            234,059


    The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
    under the Companies Law of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands
    income tax. The Company’s subsidiaries in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) were incorporated under
    the International Business Companies Act of the BVI and accordingly, are exempted from BVI income
    tax.

    Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit
    for the current period in respect of operations in Hong Kong, except for one subsidiary of the Group
    which is a qualifying corporation under the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime. For this subsidiary, the
    first HK$2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits are
    taxed at 16.5%.

    Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in the PRC has been calculated at
    the applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the periods, based on the existing
    legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof. The statutory tax rate is 25% for the six
    months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023. Certain subsidiaries and branches of the Group in the PRC
    are located in cities in the western regions, and they are subject to a preferential income tax rate
    of 15% during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023. The subsidiary and branches of the
    Group located in Hainan Province are qualified to enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15% from 1
    January 2020 to 31 December 2024. An income tax rate of 20% applies to subsidiaries that qualify as
    small and micro-profit enterprises.


11. Dividends
    No dividend has been declared or paid by the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2024 (30
    June 2023: nil).




                                                                                          2024 Interim Report   49
     12. Earnings per share
          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company
          by the weighted average number of ordinary shares during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and
          2023.

          The Company did not have any potential ordinary shares outstanding during the six months ended 30
          June 2024 and 2023. Diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share.

                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                               (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

           Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                    500,526         781,309
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
             (in thousands)                                                    10,810,811          10,810,811

           Basic and diluted earnings per share                                     RMB0.05         RMB0.07


     13. Property and equipment
                                                                                      Furniture,
                                                                                     fitting and
                                          Property      Machinery       Vehicles     equipment        Total
                                          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2024
           Cost                                7,629       58,156         54,671        156,093       276,549
           Accumulated depreciation           (3,811)     (43,344)       (41,083)      (129,668)     (217,906)

           Opening net carrying
            amount (Audited)                  3,818        14,812        13,588          26,425        58,643

           Additions                          3,044          3,414         1,787          7,744        15,989
           Disposals                              –             (23)        (211)          (857)        (1,091)
           Depreciation charge                 (567)        (1,883)       (2,791)        (5,899)      (11,140)

           Closing net carrying
             amount (Unaudited)               6,295        16,320        12,373          27,413        62,401

           As at 30 June 2024
           Cost                              10,673        61,570         56,458        163,837       292,538
           Accumulated depreciation           (4,378)     (45,250)       (44,085)      (136,424)     (230,137)

           Net carrying amount
             (Unaudited)                      6,295        16,320        12,373          27,413        62,401



50   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
13. Property and equipment (continued)

                                                                      Furniture,
                                                                     fitting and
                                Property    Machinery    Vehicles    equipment            Total
                                RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000

     As at 1 January 2023
     Cost                         4,391       51,150      47,169       142,812        245,522
     Accumulated depreciation      (850)      (39,556)    (32,910)    (114,526)      (187,842)

     Opening net carrying
       amount (Audited)           3,541       11,594      14,259        28,286         57,680

     Additions                       17        2,883       5,156         5,701         13,757
     Disposals                        –          (326)        (79)         (837)        (1,242)
     Depreciation charge              (7)      (1,490)     (4,119)       (7,896)       (13,512)

     Closing net carrying
       amount (Unaudited)         3,551       12,661      15,217        25,254         56,683

     As at 30 June 2023
     Cost                         4,408       54,033      52,325       148,513        259,279
     Accumulated depreciation      (857)      (41,372)    (37,108)    (123,259)      (202,596)

     Net carrying amount
       (Unaudited)                3,551       12,661      15,217        25,254         56,683




                                                                              2024 Interim Report   51
     14. Intangible assets
                                                           Property
                                                       management
                                                          contracts
                                         Computer      and customer
                                          software      relationship   Goodwill          Total
                                          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2024
           Cost                             27,197        1,195,199    1,738,218    2,960,614
           Accumulated amortisation
             and impairment losses          (15,877)       (558,590)    (739,548)   (1,314,015)

           Opening net carrying
             amount (Audited)               11,320          636,609     998,670     1,646,599

           Period ended 30 June 2024
           Opening net carrying
             amount                         11,320          636,609     998,670     1,646,599
           Additions                         3,442                –            –        3,442
           Amortisation                        (997)        (59,466)           –       (60,463)
           Impairment losses                      –          (3,786)     (20,948)      (24,734)

           Closing net carrying amount
             (Unaudited)                    13,765          573,357     977,722     1,564,844

           As at 30 June 2024
           Cost                             30,639        1,195,199    1,738,218    2,964,056
           Accumulated amortisation
             and impairment losses          (16,874)       (621,842)    (760,496)   (1,399,212)

           Net carrying amount
             (Unaudited)                    13,765          573,357     977,722     1,564,844




52   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
14. Intangible assets (continued)
                                                            Property
                                                       management
                                                           contracts
                                         Computer      and customer
                                           software      relationship        Goodwill                Total
                                          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000

      As at 1 January 2023
      Cost                                  21,724        1,195,199         1,738,218          2,955,141
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment losses              (11,101)         (363,123)        (593,946)          (968,170)

      Opening net carrying
        amount (Audited)                    10,623          832,076         1,144,272          1,986,971

      Period ended 30 June 2023
      Opening net carrying
        amount                              10,623          832,076         1,144,272          1,986,971
      Additions                              1,165                 –                 –              1,165
      Amortisation                           (2,417)         (95,402)                –            (97,819)
      Impairment loss                             –                –          (64,226)            (64,226)

      Closing net carrying amount
        (Unaudited)                          9,371          736,674         1,080,046          1,826,091

      As at 30 June 2023
      Cost                                  22,889        1,195,199         1,738,218          2,956,306
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment losses              (13,518)         (458,525)        (658,172)        (1,130,215)

      Net carrying amount
        (Unaudited)                          9,371          736,674         1,080,046          1,826,091


     As the result of management assessment, impairment provision of RMB3,786,000 (2023: nil) was
     recognised on property management contracts and customer relationships for the six months ended
     30 June 2024 and impairment provision of RMB20,948,000 (2023: RMB64,226,000) was recognised
     on goodwill for the six months ended 30 June 2024. These items are included in the condensed
     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income under “other losses” for the
     current period.




                                                                                         2024 Interim Report   53
     15. Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                                    As at                     As at
                                                                                                                30 June           31 December
                                                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                           (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

           Trade receivables (Note i)                                                                        3,047,633                3,046,591
           Prepaid taxes                                                                                         19,136                    34,810
           Other receivables (Note ii)                                                                          436,886                  427,236

                                                                                                             3,503,655                3,508,637

          Notes:



          (i)      Trade receivables

                   As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the aging analysis of the trade receivables based on date of revenue recognition and net of

                   loss allowance was as follows:



                                                                                                                      As at                     As at

                                                                                                                   30 June             31 December

                                                                                                                      2024                      2023

                                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000

                                                                                                                (Unaudited)                  (Audited)


                   0 to 180 days                                                                                 1,439,769                 1,563,624

                   181 to 365 days                                                                                 762,530                   613,792

                   1 to 2 years                                                                                    528,038                   571,109

                   2 to 3 years                                                                                    317,296                   298,066

                                                                                                                 3,047,633                 3,046,591



                   As at 30 June 2024, total trade receivables and impairment allowance amounted to approximately RMB5,972,459,000 (31

                   December 2023: approximately RMB5,919,471,000) and approximately RMB2,924,826,000 (31 December 2023: approximately

                   RMB2,872,880,000) respectively. Of which, the total trade receivables from related parties and impairment allowance amounted to

                   approximately RMB2,247,222,000 (31 December 2023: approximately RMB2,257,835,000) and approximately RMB2,245,472,000 (31

                   December 2023: approximately RMB2,251,242,000) respectively.




54   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
15. Trade and other receivables (continued)
     Notes: (continued)



     (i)      Trade receivables (continued)

              Trade receivables are mainly derived from basic property management services income under lump sum basis. Basic property

              management services income is received in accordance with the terms of the relevant services agreements.


              As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, trade receivables are denominated in RMB and their carrying amounts approximate their

              fair values.



     (ii)     Other receivables


                                                                                                                      As at                  As at

                                                                                                                   30 June            31 December

                                                                                                                      2024                   2023

                                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000

                                                                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)


               Ultimate holding company

               – Financial guarantees                                                                           13,400,000             13,400,000

               Less:

               – Enforcement of financial guarantees pledged                                                    (13,400,000)           (13,400,000)

                                                                                                                          –                      –

               Other related parties (Note 23)                                                                      10,934                 11,716

               Other receivables

               – Payments on behalf of property owners (Note a)                                                    376,369                395,058

               – Deposits                                                                                          129,007                115,957

               – Others                                                                                             94,427                 59,184

               Gross other receivables                                                                             610,737                581,915

               Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables                                                (173,851)               (154,679)

               Total other receivables                                                                             436,886                427,236



              As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, other receivables are denominated in RMB and their fair values approximate their carrying

              amounts.


              Note a: Payments on behalf of property owners mainly represented utilities costs of properties.




                                                                                                                               2024 Interim Report    55
     16. Prepayments

                                                                                                                    As at                      As at
                                                                                                                30 June            31 December
                                                                                                                     2024                     2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                  (Audited)

           Prepayments to suppliers
                – Related parties (Note 23)                                                                         4,235                     1,439
                – Third parties                                                                                   64,376                    30,056

                                                                                                                  68,611                    31,495


     17. Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                                    As at                      As at
                                                                                                                30 June            31 December
                                                                                                                     2024                     2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                  (Audited)

           Cash at bank                                                                                       2,315,843                1,876,438
           Cash on hand                                                                                             4,255                     4,412

                                                                                                              2,320,098                1,880,850

          Notes:



          (a)      Cash and bank balances were denominated in the following currencies:



                    RMB                                                                                           2,287,919                 1,856,860

                    USD                                                                                                 717                       844

                    HKD                                                                                              31,462                    23,146

                                                                                                                  2,320,098                 1,880,850



          (b)      The conversion of RMB denominated deposits placed in banks in the PRC into foreign currencies and the remittance of such foreign

                   currencies denominated bank balances and cash out of the PRC are subject to relevant rules and regulation of foreign exchange control

                   promulgated by the PRC government.




56   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
18. Restricted cash
    Restricted cash mainly represents (i) industry regulated funds of Evergrande Insurance Agency Co.,
    Ltd.; (ii) deposits for the provision of property management services as required by local government
    authorities; (iii) cash restricted to projects managed on a remuneration basis only; and (iv) funds for
    litigation preservation of some subsidiaries.


19. Share capital

                                                 As at                      As at             As at               As at
                                              30 June            31 December               30 June       31 December
                                                     2024                  2023               2024               2023
                                              Number                     Number
                                             of shares                  of shares         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                           (Unaudited)                  (Audited)        (Unaudited)          (Audited)

     Issued and fully paid              10,810,811,000         10,810,811,000                 7,060              7,060


20. Reserves

                                            Share           Statutory         Capital       Exchange
                                         Premium            reserves        reserves         reserves             Total
                                         RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

     Six months ended
       30 June 2024
     Balance at 1 January 2024
       (Audited)                         5,944,185           727,894      (12,757,250)          2,774       (6,082,397)
     Currency translation differences           –                  –                –            (138)             (138)

     Balance at 30 June 2024
       (Unaudited)                       5,944,185           727,894      (12,757,250)          2,636       (6,082,535)




                                                                                                      2024 Interim Report   57
     20. Reserves (continued)

                                                   Share       Statutory        Capital     Exchange
                                                Premium         reserves       reserves       reserves          Total
                                                RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

           Six months ended
                30 June 2023
           Balance at 1 January 2023
                (Audited)                      5,944,185        504,384    (12,756,202)         2,256      (6,305,377)
           Other                                        –              –         (1,048)            –          (1,048)
           Currency translation differences             –              –              –         1,635          1,635

           Balance at 30 June 2023
                (Unaudited)                    5,944,185        504,384    (12,757,250)         3,891      (6,304,790)


          (a)       Statutory reserves
                    In accordance with relevant rules and regulations in the PRC and the Company ’s Articles of
                    Association, companies incorporated in the PRC are required to transfer no less than 10% of
                    their profit after taxation calculated under the PRC accounting standards and regulations to the
                    statutory reserve funds, until the accumulated total of the fund reaches 50% of their registered
                    capital. The statutory reserve funds can only be used, upon approval by the relevant authority,
                    to offset previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of respective companies.




58   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
21. Trade and other payables

                                                                        As at                As at
                                                                     30 June       31 December
                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                                   (Represented)

     Trade payables (Note a)
     – Related parties (Note 23)                                     441,219             375,003
     – Third parties                                                1,145,283          1,040,364

                                                                    1,586,502          1,415,367

     Accrued payroll                                                 414,084             521,055

     Other payables
     – Related parties (Note 23)                                     179,901             183,506
     – Third parties
       – Considerations payable for business combinations            508,251             556,196
       – Amounts temporarily received from/on behalf of property
           owners or leaser (Note b)                                 402,787             350,663
       – Deposits                                                    410,279             405,714
       – Other tax payables                                          129,911             171,609
       – Others                                                      545,761             511,450

                                                                    2,176,890          2,179,138

                                                                    4,177,476          4,115,560

     Less: Non-current portion                                       (137,853)          (177,852)

                                                                    4,039,623          3,937,708




                                                                                 2024 Interim Report   59
     21. Trade and other payables (continued)
          Notes:



          (a)      The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on invoice date at the end of reporting period:



                                                                                                                          As at                     As at

                                                                                                                       30 June             31 December

                                                                                                                          2024                     2023

                                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

                                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


                   Up to 1 year                                                                                      1,304,277                1,106,311

                   1 to 2 years                                                                                        169,204                  232,988

                   2 to 3 years                                                                                         67,553                    62,917

                   More than 3 years                                                                                    45,468                    13,151

                                                                                                                     1,586,502                1,415,367



          (b)      The amounts mainly represented utilities expenses temporarily collected from the property owners to be paid to related service providers

                   and rental income collected from leasees to be returned to the property owners.


          (c)      As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, trade and other payables were denominated in RMB and the fair value of trade and other

                   payables approximate their carrying amounts.



     22. Commitments
          Capital commitments
          Considerations to be paid for acquisitions of subsidiaries contracted for but not yet completed is as
          follows:


                                                                                                                        As at                    As at
                                                                                                                   30 June             31 December
                                                                                                                        2024                     2023
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)                  (Audited)

           Up to 1 year                                                                                                       –              300,000




60   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
23. Related party transactions
(a)   Related party transactions
      In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial statements,
      the Group had the following transactions with related parties.


                                                                              Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

      Revenue from rendering of services
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                          26,691             36,136
      – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                       4,626             29,211

                                                                                    31,317             65,347

      Purchase of goods and services
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                           3,411              5,528

      Leasing car parking spaces
      – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                          63,193             53,359


      The transactions above were carried out in the normal course of the Group’s business and on terms
      as agreed between the transacting parties.

      Starting from September 2021, due to the China Evergrande Group’ s liquidity difficulties, the
      management of the Group expects the inflow of economic benefits from China Evergrande Group
      is not virtually certain. Since the property services customers involve all the property owners and
      various aspects of the community, which has integrality and indivisibility as a whole, it is impracticable
      to exclude China Evergrande Group from providing property management services to those vacant
      properties. Hence, no additional costs have been incurred and the Group continues to provide
      property management services to China Evergrande Group. The Group estimates that the amount for
      the six months ended 30 June 2024 is approximately RMB194,135,000. No revenue is recognised in
      respect of the transactions, while the Group will endeavor to take reasonable measures to collect the
      receivables from the relevant parties in accordance with the relevant laws and applicable agreements
      to actively safeguard the interests of the Group.




                                                                                             2024 Interim Report   61
     23. Related party transactions (continued)
     (b)   Balances with related parties

                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                        30 June     31 December
                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)      (Audited)

           Trade receivables (Note 15)
           – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company        2,062,867      2,083,525
           – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company     184,355         174,310

                                                                       2,247,222      2,257,835
           Less: allowances for impairment of trade receivables
                   (charged to profit or loss)                        (2,245,472)     (2,251,242)

                                                                           1,750          6,593

           Other receivables (Note 15)
           – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company           10,934         11,716

           Prepayments (Note 16)
           – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company            4,235          1,439




62   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
23. Related party transactions (continued)
(b)   Balances with related parties (continued)

                                                                                As at               As at
                                                                             30 June      31 December
                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)           (Audited)

       Trade payables (Note 21)
       – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                  437,807            372,122
       – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                 3,412              2,881

                                                                             441,219            375,003

       Other payables (Note 21)
       – Controlled by the Group’s ultimate holding company                  175,909            176,371
       – Joint ventures of the Group’s ultimate holding company                 3,992              7,135

                                                                             179,901            183,506


      (i)   The above trade receivables, prepayments and trade payables are trading nature, interest free
            and repayable according to terms in contracts.




                                                                                        2024 Interim Report   63
     23. Related party transactions (continued)
     (c)   Key management compensation
           Key management includes directors and senior management. Compensations for key management
           are set our below:


                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           Salaries, bonus and other benefits                                          5,381              4,763
           Contribution to pension scheme expenses                                       165                   162

                                                                                       5,546              4,925


     24. Comparative information
           Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current period’s presentation.




64   EVERGRANDE PROPERTY SERVICES GROUP LIMITED
