(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Stock Code : 6682




2024
Interim Report
CONTENTS
2    Corporate Information

4    Financial Highlights

5    Business Review and Outlook

9    Management Discussion and Analysis

18   Other Information

26   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

27   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
29   Interim Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet

31   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

33   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

35   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

68   Definitions

72   Glossary of Technical Terms
CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
                                                                  OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Executive Directors
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵) (Chairman, Chief Executive                  No. L01301-1, Level 13
  Officer and General Manager)                                    Building 1, No. 66
Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強) (Chief Research Scientist)                 Qinghe Middle Street
Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝) (Vice Chairman and Senior Vice              Haidian District, Beijing
  President(1))                                                   PRC


Non-executive Directors                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                                                  HONG KONG
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)
Mr. Dou Shuai (竇帥)                                                5/F, Manulife Place
Mr. Zhang Jing (張晶)                                               348 Kwun Tong Road
                                                                  Kowloon, Hong Kong
Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)
                                                                  H SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                              Tricor Investor Services Limited
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)                                                 17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                                  16 Harcourt Road
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                   Hong Kong
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱) (Chairman)
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)
                                                                  AUDITOR
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                               PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                  Certified Public Accountants and
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                                  22/F, Prince’s Building
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂) (Chairlady)
                                                                  Central
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)
                                                                  Hong Kong
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)

NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                              HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
                                                                  Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵) (Chairman)
                                                                  Suites 3203-3207, 32/F
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)
                                                                  Edinburgh Tower,
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)
                                                                  The Landmark
                                                                  15 Queen’s Road Central
SUPERVISORS
                                                                  Hong Kong
Mr. Chai Yifei (柴亦飛)
Ms. Zhou Wenjing (周文靜)                                            COMPLIANCE ADVISER
Ms. Shao Liling (邵麗玲)
                                                                  Guotai Junan Capital Limited
                                                                  27/F, Low Block
REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                  Grand Millennium Plaza
No. L01301-1, Level 13                                            181 Queen’s Road Central
Building 1, No. 66                                                Hong Kong
Qinghe Middle Street
Haidian District, Beijing                                         AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
PRC
                                                                  Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝)
                                                                  Ms. Yeung Siu Wai Kitty (楊小慧)

2         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                  CORPORATE INFORMATION




JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. Guo Qingyuan (郭清媛)(2)
Ms. Yeung Siu Wai Kitty (楊小慧)

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
China Merchants Bank, Haidian Branch
No. 56, North 4th Ring Road West
Beijing, the PRC

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Haidian West
District Branch
No. 65, North 4th Ring Road West
Beijing, the PRC

STOCK CODE
6682

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.4paradigm.com

Notes:

(1)      With effect from June 20, 2024, Mr. Yu Zhonghao was promoted
         to the position of vice chairman of the Board and senior vice
         president and ceased to hold the position of chief financial officer
         of the Company. For details, please refer to the announcement of
         the Company dated June 20, 2024.

(2)      Ms. Guo Qingyuan was appointed as the joint company secretary
         of the Company, with effect from January 19, 2024. Mr. Xiong Fei
         resigned as the joint company secretary of the Company, with
         effect from January 19, 2024.




                                                                  Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024   3
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                                           1,866,600        1,468,104
Gross profit                                                                        789,946          704,581
Operating loss                                                                     (189,120)        (252,953)
Loss before income tax                                                             (163,613)        (481,438)
Loss for the period                                                                (168,532)        (477,678)

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                                      As at            As at
                                                                                   June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)         (Audited)

Assets
Non-current assets                                                                1,756,377        1,490,748
Current assets                                                                    4,863,556        5,656,526


Total assets                                                                      6,619,933        7,147,274


Liabilities
Non-current liabilities                                                              12,979           51,610
Current liabilities                                                               1,403,327        1,643,150


Total liabilities                                                                 1,416,306        1,694,760


Total equity and liabilities                                                      6,619,933        7,147,274




4          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                           BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
In the first half of 2024, driven by rapid growth in core businesses, the Company maintained stable performance growth.
During the Reporting Period, total revenue amounted to RMB1,867 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.1%;
gross profit reached RMB790 million, marking a 12.1% year-on-year increase; riding a clear profitability trajectory, the
Company continued to reduce losses during the Reporting Period, with an adjusted net loss of RMB169 million, narrowing
by 4.0% year-on-year, and the adjusted net loss margin decreasing from 12.0% to 9.0% year-on-year.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s core business, “4ParadigmSage AI Platform”, maintained strong growth
momentum, with revenue reaching RMB1.251 billion, representing a 65.4% year-on-year increase. This growth is mainly
attributed to the extensive application of the business and the expansion of its product ecosystem. Currently, this business
has supported the extensive application of 4Paradigm’s industry-specific large models across 14 industries. Meanwhile,
by leveraging AI technology, the business has developed over 30 products for various industries. We will continue to build
an AI product ecosystem with top-notch product matrices to drive business growth and bolster the competitiveness of
numerous industries.

During the Reporting Period, we adhered to innovation-driven development, maintaining stable and high level of R&D
investment in the first half of the year, with R&D expenses amounting to RMB850 million, representing an R&D expense
ratio of 45.5%. Affected by the pace of the Company’s business strategy expansion and the business structure at the
current stage of development, the gross profit margin experienced some fluctuations during this period, with a gross profit
margin of 42.3%.

In the first half of 2024, we remained committed to diversifying our customer base while continuously enhancing the digital
transformation experience and user engagement of our existing customers, and reinforcing our dominant presence in key
industries such as transportation, energy and power, finance and telecommunications. During the Reporting Period, the
Company engaged with 14 industries, serving a total of 185 users, including 86 benchmark users, who contributed an
average revenue of RMB11.48 million, representing a 26.9% year-on-year increase. From January 1, 2020 to June 30,
2024, we have served a cumulative total of 1,112 users.

During the Reporting Period, we focused on driving the diverse applications of AI technology through innovation and
transforming AI technology into productized solutions. In the first half of the year, we efficiently developed more than 30 AI
products for various industries. Drawing on the core capabilities of the Sage AI Platform, we collaborated with our “Paradigm
Ecology” partners. As of August 1, 2024, our products have been deployed across more than 20 industries, covering
various scenarios such as research, production, supply, sales and services. We are building a robust AI industry ecosystem
with high-quality products.




                                                    Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024      5
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




PERFORMANCE BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS
4ParadigmSage AI Platform (4ParadigmSage)
During the Reporting Period, the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform business (the “Sage AI Platform”) generated revenue of
RMB1.251 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 65.4%. Revenue from the Sage AI Platform business accounted
for approximately 67.0% of the total revenue of the Group.

The Sage AI Platform is the core of all 4Paradigm businesses. Over the past decade, the Sage AI Platform has evolved from
version 1.0 to 5.0. During the Reporting Period, it supported the Company’s coverage across 14 major industries, including
transportation, data centers, finance, energy and power, telecommunications, information technology, smart manufacturing
and retail sectors. The platform efficiently empowered enterprises in their multi-scenario digital transformation, and steadily
advanced the large-scale application of AI technology across various industries.

In March of this year, we launched the “4ParadigmSage AI Platform 5.0”, positioned as an industry-focused model
development and management platform aimed at enhancing the core competitiveness of enterprises. The platform
supports the integration of various types of enterprise data and offers accessible modeling tools for large model training
and fine-tuning, an innovative scientist service system, North Star strategy management platform, large model hosting
platform, mainstream computing power adaptation and optimization capabilities, thereby enabling end-to-end construction,
deployment and management of industry-specific large models. In the first half of the year, leveraging the capabilities of
the “4ParadigmSage AI Platform 5.0”, we efficiently built industry-specific large models for various applications including
academic translation, health management, water and electricity management, water conservancy, 3D auxiliary design,
supply chain and fluid dynamics.

During the Reporting Period, we remained committed to technological innovation by implementing the “Sage Inside
Model”. In this model, we leveraged the core technology within the Sage AI Platform as an engine to develop intelligent
products and solutions tailored to the diverse needs of different industries across multiple scenarios. The “Sage Inside
Model” transforms the basic AI capabilities of the Sage AI Platform into a matrix of AI products that are adaptable to
various scenarios. These AI products serve as the cornerstone of the “Paradigm Ecology”, supporting ecosystem partners
and their products to enhance service quality and efficiency and expanding the application of AI technology to empower
numerous industries.

In the first half of 2024, leveraging the core capabilities of the “Sage AI Platform”, we collaborated with our “Paradigm
Ecology” partners to efficiently develop more than 30 AI products, covering various scenarios across more than 20
industries as of August 1, 2024, including research, production, supply, sales and services. These products encompass
various AI technology areas such as large-model speech synthesis, physical simulation, multimodal generation, AutoML
visual inspection, search, advertising and promotion. The AI products we have launched (including the AI Digital Human
Video Synthesis Platform, vGPU Resource Pooling, 5G Video Marketing, AI Quality Inspection System, and 3D Scanning
and Modeling Equipment) have been deployed across various scenarios within enterprise customers.

In the future, we will continue supporting technical innovation, developing high-quality product matrices, and fostering an
AI product ecosystem, so as to diversify and improve the efficiency and core competitiveness of AI applications across
numerous industries while driving business growth.




6         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                           BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




SHIFT Intelligent Solutions (4Paradigm SHIFT)
During the Reporting Period, revenue from the SHIFT Intelligent Solutions business reached RMB453 million, accounting
for 24.3% of the Group’s total revenue. As the business expansion in the first half of the year concentrated on the Sage AI
Platform, the development and growth of the SHIFT Intelligent Solutions business will support the expansion of the Sage AI
Platform business. The revenue from the SHIFT Intelligent Solutions business decreased by 22.1% year-on-year as a result
of the business expansion strategy.

The SHIFT Intelligent Solutions are standardized solutions developed based on the technology and capabilities of the Sage
AI Platform, tailored for various industry business scenarios. These standardized solutions not only empower enterprises in
their digital and intelligent transformation but also expand the ecosystem centered around the Sage AI Platform by fostering
collaborative development with partners across multiple fields.

At present, we have launched “Tianshu”, an integrated platform for search, advertising and promotion, Model Hub, a
large model hosting platform, and Copilot, a data query, intelligent number query and software operation assistant, and
other products. In the case of Tianshu, the product integrates the rich high-dimensional machine learning algorithms
and high-performance ultra-high-dimensional AI frameworks (GDBT) from the Sage AI Platform, delivering excellent
business outcomes in various search, recommendation and push scenarios. A chain restaurant group, utilizing Tianshu’s
personalized push and intelligent product recommendation capabilities, increased the average order value on their app by
2%, resulting in an annual sales growth of several hundred million RMB.

4ParadigmSageGPT AIGS Services (4Paradigm AIGS)
During the Reporting Period, revenue from the 4ParadigmSageGPT AIGS Services business reached RMB163 million,
accounting for approximately 8.7% of the Group’s total revenue. This business segment provides efficient development
tools and services based on generative AI for the “Sage AI Platform” business. In the first half of the year, revenue from
SageGPT AIGS Services increased by 25.0% year-on-year.

AIGS CodeX is an enterprise-level programming assistant product that utilizes the large language model capabilities of the
Sage AI Platform.

In the first half of the year, we continued to iterate and optimize product features, with a greater focus on providing
developers with efficient and convenient operation habits and programming experience.

At the functional level, the product further optimized the immersive coding experience, allowing developers to directly
access the necessary business and technical documentation without leaving the development environment, thereby
improving coding efficiency and quality. In terms of model performance, the product constructed a multi-model
combination and flexible switching architecture system, enhancing performance in handling complex business scenarios,
and showing greater advantages when dealing with diverse data structures and business logic.




                                                   Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024     7
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Core Business Progress: Expansion of 4Paradigm’s Industrial Ecosystem with High-Quality AI
Product Capabilities
Founded nearly 10 years ago, 4Paradigm adheres to innovation-driven development and is committed to leveraging the
“4Paradigm” technology theory to empower numerous industries and advance the evolution of AI technology.

In the first half of 2024, we launched multidimensional and multilayered AI products with high-quality output through the
“Sage Inside Model” by innovatively “productizing AI technologies” and leveraging the core capabilities of the Sage AI
Platform. This move serves to push the boundaries of AI applications and establish 4Paradigm’s industrial ecosystem. We,
along with our ecosystem partners, will work towards enhancing the quality and efficiency of enterprise AI products and
services, and broaden the reach of AI technology to empower numerous industries.

Our product matrix allows us to provide our core technologies, models and services in a “building block” manner and serve
a broader spectrum of partners and industry customers through computing power products, data products, model tool
products and ecosystem application products.

During the Reporting Period, leveraging the core capabilities of the Sage AI Platform, we collaborated with our “Paradigm
Ecology” partners to develop over 30 AI products. These products encompass various AI technology areas such as large-
model speech synthesis, physical simulation, multimodal generation, AutoML visual inspection, search, advertising, and
promotion, and more. They have been implemented across multiple scenarios within corporate customers. As of August 1,
2024, our products have cumulatively spanned research and development, production, supply, marketing and service and
other areas across more than 20 industries.

Corporate Social Responsibility
As an AI technology company, we always adhere to the concept of combining technology with humanistic care, and
actively assuming corporate social responsibility.

In the first half of this year, we collaborated with a water conservancy organization to jointly build an intelligent flood control
large model.

Our flood prevention large model can optimize emergency response and resource allocation through real-time monitoring
and flood risk prediction, providing early warnings and reducing disaster losses. The flood prevention large model
enables information sharing and collaboration, achieving four-level coordination among water resources units and water
administration departments at the provincial, municipal and county-levels. Flood prevention personnel can quickly access
various flood-related data anytime and anywhere, significantly improving information retrieval and decision-making
efficiency. The flood prevention large model can monitor and analyze cloud conditions, rainfall conditions, river conditions
and embankment conditions based on a multi-dimensional warning system covering rainfall level, reservoir level and
river level, reducing early warning interpretation time to minutes. Additionally, the flood prevention large model provides
features such as flood queries, historical disaster queries, typical similar cases and response measures push notifications,
improving emergency plan formulation efficiency by five times and aiding decision-makers in conducting effective defense
assessments.

We believe that technological progress will not only empower numerous industries but also enrich the lives of countless
households, adding value to sustainable development.




8         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL REVIEW
As a leading AI company, Fourth Paradigm focuses on developing and formulating innovative AI solutions to solve complex
industry problems, drive efficiency and technology advancement, and empower customers to create greater business
value. In the first half of 2024, despite the uncertainties in the global economy, our industry position and brand influence in
the AI field continued to grow and our business scale maintained steady expansion. Our total revenue increased by 27.1%
year-on-year to RMB1,866.6 million as compared with the first half of 2023.

While achieving stable growth in revenue, we focused on cost control and resource optimization, striving to promote the
continuous improvement of the Group’s operational efficiency. In first half of 2024, our loss for the period continued to
narrow year-on-year, decreasing by 64.7% year-on-year to RMB168.5 million as compared with the first half of 2023.
Adjusted loss for the period excluding non-operating factors also maintained a narrowing trend, with adjusted loss for the
period decreasing by 4.0% year-on-year to RMB168.5 million as compared with the first half of 2023, and therefore, we
are confident in the Group’s profitability.

Revenue
In the first half of 2024, our core business, the Sage AI Platform, continued to maintain a strong and rapid growth. It
realized revenue of RMB1,250.5 million, accounting for 67.0% of the Group’s total revenue and representing a year-on-
year growth of 65.4%, and was the core driver of the Group’s stable revenue growth. Our SHIFT Intelligent Solutions and
SageGPT AIGS Services each serves as an organic extension of Sage AI Platform. In the first half of 2024, SHIFT Intelligent
Solutions realized revenue of RMB452.9 million, representing a decrease of 22.1% in revenue year-on-year; and SageGPT
AIGS Services realized revenue of RMB163.1 million, representing an increase of 25.0% year-on-year. SHIFT Intelligent
Solutions and SageGPT AIGS Services play an important role in complementing and supporting the Sage AI Platform’s
accumulation of experience in application scenarios and promotion of iterative upgrades, which contributes sustained
momentum for the long-term growth of our core business, the Sage AI Platform. The following table sets forth a breakdown
of our revenue by business for the periods indicated.

                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                          2024                  2023                     Change
                                                                    RMB’Million            RMB’Million
                                                                    (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

Sage AI Platform                                                          1,250.5                  756.0                  65.4%
SHIFT Intelligent Solutions                                                 452.9                  581.6                 –22.1%
SageGPT AIGS Services                                                       163.1                  130.5                  25.0%


Total                                                                     1,866.6               1,468.1                  27.1%

Sage AI Platform
During the Reporting Period, our revenue from the Sage AI Platform amounted to RMB1,250.5 million (same period
in 2023: RMB756.0 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 65.4%. Revenue from the Sage AI Platform as a
percentage of total revenue increased from 51.5% in the first half of 2023 to 67.0% in the first half of 2024, primarily
due to our continued iterative upgrades to the Sage AI Platform, the integration of stronger AI capabilities, and the wider
recognition of our superior product performance by users, thereby driving revenue growth.




                                                    Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024        9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SHIFT Intelligent Solutions
During the Reporting Period, our revenue from SHIFT Intelligent Solutions amounted to RMB452.9 million (same period
in 2023: RMB581.6 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 22.1%, mainly due to the fact that SHIFT Intelligent
Solutions served as a supplement to the Sage AI Platform, and with the continuous iteration and enhancement of the
capabilities of the Sage AI Platform, user demand for the digital transformation in the context of our traditionally dominant
application scenarios was realized via the Sage AI Platform. In the future, as we continue to penetrate into more new
industry application scenarios, user demand for SHIFT Intelligent Solutions will be further unlocked.

SageGPT AIGS Services
During the Reporting Period, revenue from SageGPT AIGS Services amounted to RMB163.1 million (same period in
2023: RMB130.5 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 25.0%, mainly due to the successful pioneering of the
commercialization of our large language model capabilities. In April 2024, we announced the “SageGPT 3.0” large language
model. We leveraged our core Sage AI Platform and capitalized on the generative AI capabilities based on the “SageGPT
3.0” large language model, coupled with our well-established solutions across various industries through our in-depth
exploration of industrial application scenarios. A closed loop were formed among these three elements, with constant
optimization and iteration to help users better solve industry-specific problems and enhance their core competitiveness.

Cost of Sales
Our cost of sales consists primarily of (1) cost of finished goods sold, primarily representing procurement cost of hardware
components from third-party vendors, (2) technology service fees, primarily representing technology implementation costs
paid to third-party service providers for delivery, deployment and installation of customized AI applications that we develop
at users’ request, (3) employee benefit expenses, representing wages and benefits of our implementation and maintenance
personnel for our enterprise AI solutions, and (4) others.

During the Reporting Period, our cost of sales amounted to RMB1,076.7 million (same period in 2023: RMB763.5 million),
representing a year-on-year increase of 41.0%. Our operating costs increased in line with the growth in our total revenue,
mainly driven by our hardware procurement costs and technical service fees.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
In the first half of 2024, in alignment with the growth in our total revenue, gross profit increased to RMB789.9 million from
RMB704.6 million in the same period of last year, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.1%. Our gross profit margin
decreased to 42.3% from 48.0% in the same period of last year, mainly due to a higher increase in revenue from intelligent
hardware which shared higher proportion of our total revenue, as our core Sage AI Platform business was driven by factors
such as rising demand from the downstream computing center industry.

Selling and Marketing Expenses
During the Reporting Period, our selling and marketing expenses amounted to RMB135.4 million (same period in 2023:
RMB173.8 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 22.1%, mainly due to the fact that we continued to optimize
the Company’s branding strategy by appropriately controlling our investment in online advertisements while meeting the
needs of the Company to promote brand awareness.

General and Administrative Expenses
During the Reporting Period, our general and administrative expenses amounted to RMB100.3 million (same period in
2023: RMB178.8 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 43.9%, which was mainly due to the higher listing
expenses incurred in the same period last year.




10        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Research and Development Expenses
As always, we have continued to invest in our core technology R&D to maintain our leading position in the industry and
our technological advancement. In the first half of 2024, our R&D focused on key and cutting-edge technology areas such
as enhancement of industry scenario application capability, product performance, AI generative software development
technology and open source machine learning. Our R&D expenses amounted to RMB850.0 million (same period in 2023:
RMB661.8 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 28.4%.

Credit Loss Allowance
Our credit loss allowance mainly includes the credit loss allowance on trade receivables, contract assets and other
receivables.

During the Reporting Period, our credit loss allowance amounted to RMB24.5 million, compared to RMB15.7 million for
the same period of last year. In accordance with our accounting policy and relevant internal management system, we have
made prudent provision for bad debts and will continue to closely monitor the recovery of receivables.

Other Income
Our other income consists primarily of (1) government grants; and (2) value-added tax and other tax refunds.

During the Reporting Period, our other income amounted to RMB77.0 million, compared to RMB33.8 million for the same
period of last year. The higher increase was mainly due to the increase in value-added tax refunds received as a result of
the growth in our total revenue in the first half of the year.

Other Gains, Net
Our other gains, net consists primarily of (1) fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, (2) net
foreign exchange gain, and (3) net gain on disposal of subsidiaries.

During the Reporting Period, our other gains, net amounted to RMB54.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
39.8%, mainly due to the investment gain on the partial disposal of our equity interest in Guangzhou Jianxin.

Operating Loss
As a result of the foregoing, during the Reporting Period, our operating loss amounted to RMB189.1 million (same period in
2023: RMB253.0 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 25.2%.

Finance Income
During the Reporting Period, our finance income amounted to RMB28.6 million as compared to RMB21.4 million for the
same period of last year, representing a year-on-year increase of 33.9%, mainly due to the increase in interest income
received on bank deposits.

Finance Costs
During the Reporting Period, our finance costs amounted to RMB4.7 million as compared to RMB248.5 million for
the same period of last year. The significant decrease was mainly due to the interest expense on redemption liabilities
recognized in the first half of last year relating to certain non-recurring preferential rights granted by us to our investors.
Excluding the aforementioned non-recurring factors, our finance costs in the first half of 2024 were essentially unchanged
from the same period of last year.




                                                      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024       11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Loss for the Period
As a result of the foregoing, during the Reporting Period, our loss for the period amounted to RMB168.5 million (same
period in 2023: RMB477.7 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 64.7%.

Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with IFRS, we use adjusted net loss (a non-
IFRS measure) as additional financial measure, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. We
believe that these non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of operating performance from period to period and company
to company by eliminating potential impacts of certain items. We believe that these measures provide useful information
to investors in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our
management. However, presentation of adjusted net loss (a non-IFRS measure) may not be comparable to similarly titled
measures presented by other companies. The use of these non-IFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and
investors should not consider them in isolation from, or as a substitute for analysis of, our results of operations or financial
conditions as reported under IFRS.

Adjusted Loss for the Period
We define adjusted loss for the period as loss for the period adding back interest expense on redemption liabilities and
listing expenses.

The following table reconciles our adjusted loss for the period presented to the loss for the period calculated in accordance
with IFRS.

                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                             2024                2023                 Change
                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                       (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)

Reconciliation of loss for the period and adjusted loss
   for the period
Loss for the Period                                                         (168,532)          (477,678)              –64.7%
Interest expense on redemption liabilities                                         –            241,505              –100.0%
Listing expenses                                                                   –             60,634              –100.0%


Adjusted net loss                                                           (168,532)          (175,539)               –4.0%

Liquidity and Financial Resources
Prior to the Global Offering, we have historically funded our cash requirements principally from capital contributions from
shareholders. Since the completion of Global Offering, we financed our capital requirements typically through equity
financing activities and debt financing activities in a balanced manner. We do not anticipate any changes to the availability
of financing to fund our operation in the future.

As at June 30, 2024, all the Group’s borrowings were denominated in RMB. The Group’s borrowings bear fixed interest
rates between 3.55%-4.25%, all of which are due for maturity within one year.




12        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024
                                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Cash and Cash Equivalents and Term Deposits
As at June 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents and term deposits of the Group totalled approximately RMB2,253.2
million (December 31, 2023: RMB2,675.0 million). Most of the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were denominated
in RMB. The term deposits of the Group were denominated in RMB.

Liquid Cash Resources
The Group’s liquid cash resources comprise cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term bank deposits, short-
term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss, and restricted cash. As at June 30, 2024, the Group had
liquid cash resources of approximately RMB2,778.0 million (December 31, 2023: RMB3,295.3 million).

Net Current Assets
Our net current assets decreased from RMB4,013.4 million as at December 31, 2023 to RMB3,460.2 million as at June
30, 2024, mainly due to our daily operating expenses as well as more funds we placed as long-term bank deposits to
obtain higher interest income.

Current Ratio
As at June 30, 2024, our current ratio (current assets divided by current liabilities) was approximately 3.5, up from 3.4 as at
December 31, 2023, reflecting our strong ability to withstand financial risks.

Capital Management and Gearing Ratio
As at June 30, 2024, our gearing ratio (total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity holders of the
Company) was approximately 0.7% (December 31, 2023: 2.0%). We have a relatively healthy capital structure. After
taking into account the Group’s future business plans and the macroeconomic environment, we may seek debt or equity
financing as necessary to continuously optimize our capital structure.

Capital Commitments
As at June 30, 2024, we had capital commitments with respect to equity investments amounting to RMB12.0 million
(December 31, 2023: RMB12.0 million).

Contingent Liabilities
As at June 30, 2024, we did not have any material contingent liabilities.

Pledge of Assets
As at June 30, 2024, save for (1) the pledge over patent rights of the Group to secure the borrowings of RMB10.0 million
and (2) restricted cash of RMB2.4 million as security deposits mainly for bidding, issuance of letter of guarantee or bank
acceptance bills, the Group had no material pledge of assets.

Foreign Exchange Risk Management
The functional currency of the Company and its major subsidiaries is RMB. The majority of the revenues of the Group
are derived from operations in the PRC. Foreign exchange risk primarily arises from recognized assets and liabilities
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of entities comprising the Group. Fluctuations in exchange
rates between RMB and other currencies will affect the Group’s financial position and results of operations in the course of
business. The foreign exchange risk facing the Group mainly comes from the US dollars/RMB and Hong Kong dollars/RMB
exchange rates. As at June 30, 2024, the Group did not hold any financial instruments for hedging purposes; neither did it
hold any foreign currency investment hedged by currency borrowings nor other hedging instruments.




                                                    Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024     13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Credit Risk
We are exposed to credit risk in relation to our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits, investments
in debt instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets.
The carrying amounts of each class of the above financial assets and contract assets represent our maximum exposure to
credit risk in relation to financial assets and contract assets.

To manage risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits and investments in debt
instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, we only transact with state-owned or reputable financial
institutions. There has been no recent history of default in relation to these financial institutions.

To manage risk arising from trade receivables and contract assets, we have policies in place to ensure that sales with
credit terms are made to counterparties with an appropriate credit history and the management performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its counterparties. We usually grant a credit term no more than 90 days and the credit quality these
customers is assessed by taking into account their financial position, past experience and other factors.

For other receivables, management makes periodic collective assessments as well as individual assessment on the
recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past experiences. In view of the history of
cooperation with debtors and the sound collection history of receivables due from them, management believes that the
credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding other receivables balances due from them is low.

Fund and Working Capital Management
Our funds and liquidity management are centrally carried out by our finance department. Our finance department is
generally responsible for overall management and implementation of funds, including formulating the capital management
policy for our Group, guiding, coordinating and standardizing the fund management of regional companies, making annual
funding plans, reviewing and summarizing annual capital budget, overseeing and assessing fund management of each
regional company. We have also adopted sophisticated fund management policies and implemented a set of rules and
guidelines on fund management to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of fund management, thereby ensuring our
financial security and reducing cost of capital.

To manage our idle cash on hand, we primarily purchase and redeem wealth management products using them as our
“cash pool” from which we could readily access cash as needed and generate higher yield than bank deposits. The
underlying financial assets of the wealth management products in which we invested primarily consist of the low-risk
wealth management products issued by state-owned banks or other high-quality reputable banks in China. The amount
of the purchase will be determined based on our surplus funds. We consistently comply with our treasury policy during
the procedures of purchasing the wealth management products and managing the relevant departments, as well as in
conducting business, accounting and filing.

We are committed to safeguarding overall financial security and maintaining strong cash position and a healthy debt profile
with strong repayment ability. By adopting a full, reasonable and professional assessment mechanism, preparing annual
and monthly funding plans, we have established prudent fund management principle, which allows us to efficiently manage
market risks.




14        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Material Acquisitions and Disposals
On February 9, 2024, Fourth Paradigm (Beijing) Data & Technology Co., Ltd. (“Fourth Paradigm Beijing”), Guangzhou
Jianxin Technology Limited Liability Company (the “Target Company” or “Guangzhou Jianxin”) and Ningbo Herong
Shengjing Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (the “Purchaser”) entered into an equity transfer
agreement, pursuant to which the Purchaser acquired from Fourth Paradigm Beijing the corresponding equity interest
of RMB11,000,000 in the registered capital of the Target Company (representing 22% of its registered capital) at a
consideration of RMB88,000,000. Such transaction constitutes a discloseable transaction of the Company under the
Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated February 9, 2024.

Save as mentioned above, we did not make any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures during the Reporting Period.

Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets
On September 26, 2023, the Group invested RMB390,000,000 in GaoTeng Overseas Equity No. 3 Private Securities
Investment Fund (Private Equity) (高騰海外權益3號私募證券投資基金（私募基金）) (the “Investment”). GaoTeng Overseas
Private Fund Management (Hainan) Ltd. and Agricultural Bank of China Limited Hainan Branch are the fund manager
and the fund trustee, respectively. The Group has no significant influence over the fund and the fund manager, and the
Group can redeem its fund shares after a lock-up period of one year. As at June 30, 2024, the Investment was classified
as a current asset. As at June 30, 2024, the carrying amount of the Investment was approximately RMB387,740,000,
representing approximately 5.9% of the Group’s total assets. The Investment was made on September 26, 2023, which
was prior to the listing of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

(1)   Basic information relating to the Investment:

                                                                                                                                                            Percentage
                                                                                                                                               Fair value        of the
                                                                                                                                                    as at      Group’s
                                  Name of            Registered         Principal place      Business                   Fund     Investment      June 30,         total
      Name of fund                fund manager       place              of business          nature                  holdings          cost          2024       assets
                                                                                                                                   (RMB’000)   (RMB’000)            (%)

      GaoTeng Overseas Equity     GaoTeng Overseas Sanya City, Hainan   Sanya City, Hainan   Private securities    390,000,000      390,000      387,740            5.9
       No. 3 Private Securities    Private Fund      Province             Province             investment fund
       Investment Fund (Private    Management                                                  management
       Equity) (the “Fund”)        (Hainan) Ltd.

      As of June 30, 2024, the Fund primarily invested in a segregated portfolio issued by a segregated portfolio
      company, which focused on investments in debt and money market products in Asia Pacific markets.




                                                                   Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.                   Interim Report 2024             15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




(2)    The performance of the Fund during the Reporting Period is set out below:

                                                                                    (Loss)/gain for    Dividend received
                                                                                   the six months      for the six months
                                                                                   ended June 30,         ended June 30,
       Name of fund                                                                           2024                   2024
                                                                                        (RMB’000)               (RMB’000)

       GaoTeng Overseas Equity No. 3 Private Securities Investment Fund                     10,341                        –
        (Private Equity)

(3)    The Company’s investment strategy in respect of the Investment:

       The Fund focuses on U.S. dollar-denominated asset portfolio allocation with a robust investment strategy. As at
       June 30, 2024, the Company holds 390,000,000 units in the Fund. The Company invests in the Fund with the
       primary goal of obtaining expected investment returns through the Fund’s investments.

       The Company is optimistic about the future operation and returns of the Fund, expecting to achieve better
       investment returns upon exit from the Fund at maturity.

Save as disclosed herein and in the Prospectus, as at the date of this report, we did not have plans for significant
investments and capital assets.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As of June 30, 2024, we had 958 employees in total. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate
qualified personnel. We provide various incentives and benefits to our employees. We offer competitive salaries, bonuses
and share-based compensation to our employees, especially key employees.

As required under PRC regulations, we participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by
applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, work-related injury, maternity,
and unemployment benefit plans.

To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of our workforce, we provide continuing education and training
programs, including internal and external training, for our employees to improve their technical, professional or management
skills. We also provide training programs to our employees from time to time to ensure their awareness and compliance
with our policies and procedures in various aspects.

We may grant options or share-based incentive awards to our employees in the future to incentivize their contributions to
our growth and development.




16        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Completion of H Share Full Circulation of 131,549,046 Shares of the Company
On September 12, 2024, the conversion of the 131,549,046 Domestic Shares into H shares of the Company was
completed, and the listing of such converted H Shares on the Stock Exchange has commenced at 9:00 a.m. on
September 13, 2024. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated July 4, 2024, August 30,
2024, September 5, 2024 and September 12, 2024.

Adoption of the Equity Incentive Scheme and the Share Option Scheme
On August 30, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to propose the adoption of (i) the equity incentive
scheme (the “Equity Incentive Scheme”) of the Company (which consists of the H share restricted share unit scheme
and the partnership employee stock ownership plan of the Company). The Equity Incentive Scheme constitutes a scheme
referred to in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules involving existing shares of the Company; and (ii) the share option scheme
of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”), which constitutes a share scheme involving issue of new shares by the
Company under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. On September 19, 2024, the Equity Incentive Scheme and the Share
Option Scheme were approved at the general meeting of the Company. For details, please refer to the announcement and
circular of the Company both dated August 30, 2024 and the announcement of the Company dated September 19, 2024.




                                                  Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024   17
OTHER INFORMATION




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board is committed to achieving good corporate governance standards.

The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company
to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate our business strategies and policies, and
enhance its transparency and accountability.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions under Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.

In the opinion of the Directors, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all code provisions set out in
the CG Code save as the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as set out below:

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are expected to comply with,
but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the responsibilities between Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company does not have a separate
chairman and chief executive officer and Dr. Dai currently performs these two roles. Dr. Dai has assumed the role of Chief
Executive Officer of our Company since 2015. He has extensive experience in the business operations and management
of our Group and in the AI industry. Our Board believes that, in view of his experience, personal profile and his roles in our
Company as mentioned above, Dr. Dai is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus of the Board
due to his extensive understanding of our business as our Chief Executive Officer. The Board also believes that vesting the
roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit of (i) ensuring consistent leadership
within the Group, (ii) enabling more effective and efficient overall strategic planning and execution of strategic initiatives of
the Board, and (iii) facilitating the flow of information between the management and the Board for the Group. The Board
considers that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired, and this arrangement
will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review
and consider splitting the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company at a time when it is
appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group complied with the code provisions set out in the CG Code throughout the
Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices on a regular basis to ensure
compliance with the CG Code and to maintain its high standards of corporate governance practices.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding Directors’ securities transactions. The Company having made specific enquiries with the Directors, all of the
Directors confirmed that he/she had complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code during the
Reporting Period.

The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company, are
also subject to the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance with the Model Code by the employees was noted by the
Company during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.




18        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                        OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INFORMATION
With effect from June 20, 2024, Mr. Yu Zhonghao, an executive Director, was promoted to the position of vice chairman
and senior vice president of the Company and ceased to hold the position of chief financial officer of the Company.

With effect from June 28, 2024, Mr. Liu Chijin, an independent non-executive Director, was appointed as an independent
non-executive director of Shenwan Hongyuan (H.K.) Limited (a listed company on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 218).

With effect from April 1, 2024, Ms. Shao Liling, the employee Supervisor, was appointed as an executive director and a
general manager of Shi Shuo Artificial Intelligence Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.

Save as disclosed herein, there was no change to any information required to be disclosed in relation to any Director and
Supervisor pursuant to Rule 13.51B of the Listing Rules as of the date of this report.

INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board has resolved not to declare any interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2024 (for the six months
ended June 30, 2023: Nil).

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Board has established the Audit Committee which comprises two independent non-executive Directors and one
non-executive Director, namely Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱), Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金) and Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強). Mr. Li Jianbin,
being the chairman of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the
Listing Rules. The Audit Committee has also adopted written terms of reference which deal clearly with its duties and
responsibilities (the terms of reference are available on the websites of the Company and Stock Exchange).

The Audit Committee has jointly reviewed with the management of the Company the accounting principles and policies
adopted by the Company and discussed internal control and financial reporting matters (including the review of the
unaudited interim financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2024) of the Group. The Audit Committee
considered that the interim financial information is in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, laws and
regulations.

REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The independent auditor of the Company, namely PricewaterhouseCoopers, has carried out a review of the interim
financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2024 in accordance with the International Standard on Review
Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. The
comparative information for the interim condensed consolidated balance sheet is based on the audited financial statements
as of December 31, 2023.




                                                  Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024   19
OTHER INFORMATION




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 259,800 H shares (the “Repurchased Shares”) on the
Stock Exchange for a total consideration (before expenses) of HK$13,707,920. Details of the Repurchased Shares are set
out below:

                                                                          Price paid per share
                                               Number of
                                             Repurchased                                                          Total
Month                                             Shares                   Highest               Lowest   consideration
                                                                                                                (before
                                                                                                             expenses)
                                                                               (HK$)              (HK$)           (HK$)

May 2024                                           186,100                     54.30              51.20       9,807,175
June 2024                                           73,700                     53.55              52.00       3,900,745


Total                                              259,800                     54.30              51.20      13,707,920

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including transfer of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period.

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company held a total of 186,100 H shares which have been repurchased but
not yet canceled and 73,700 H shares which have been repurchased and retained as treasury shares.

As at the date of this report, the Company held a total of 186,100 H shares which have been repurchased but not yet
canceled and 193,300 H shares which have been repurchased and retained as treasury shares. The treasury shares are
intended to be used for employee incentives, sale or transfer to obtain liquidity and other purposes, as determined by the
Board of Directors.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of our Directors, our Directors
confirmed that the Company had maintained a sufficient amount of public float for its Shares as required under Rule 8.08
of the Listing Rules as of the date of this report.




20        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION




USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
The H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on September 28, 2023. Our Company received net
proceeds (after deduction of underwriting commissions and related costs and expenses) from the Global Offering (assuming
the over-allotment option is not exercised) of approximately HK$925.6 million and utilized net proceeds of approximately
HK$117.6 million as at June 30, 2024. The remaining net proceeds amounted to approximately HK$807.8 million. Our
Company will continue to use the remaining net proceeds for the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The details of
intended use of net proceeds from the Global Offering are set out as follows:

                                                                                                    Net
                                                                                            proceeds
                                                                                             from the
                                                                                                Global
                                                                                              Offering
                                                                                               utilized
                                                                  Net        Amount             during       Amount       Expected
                                          Approximate       proceeds        unutilized         the six      unutilized    timeline of
                                                     %       from the            as at        months             as at    full utilization
                                           of total net        Global      January 1,     ended June         June 30,     of the unutilized
Item                                         proceeds         Offering           2024        30, 2024            2024     proceeds
                                                          (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)

Enhancing our fundamental research,             60.0%           555.4           555.4             54.6          500.8 Within three years
technological capabilities and solution                                                                                  commencing
development                                                                                                              from the Listing
                                                                                                                         Date

Expand our offerings, building our              20.0%           185.1           185.1             14.4          170.8 Three to five years
brand and entering new sectors                                                                                           commencing
                                                                                                                         from the Listing
                                                                                                                         Date

Pursue strategic investment and                 10.0%             92.6            92.6               –            92.6 Before the end of
acquisition opportunities                                                                                                three years from
                                                                                                                         the Listing Date

General corporate purposes                      10.0%             92.6            92.4            48.7            43.7


Total                                          100.0%           925.6           925.4            117.6          807.8

The net proceeds utilized have been converted from Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars at the rate of RMB1 to HK$1.0862,
being the reference exchange rate adopted in the Prospectus. No representation is made that any amounts in Hong Kong
dollars or Renminbi have been or could be converted at the above rate.

The Company will use the remaining proceeds for the purpose as disclosed in the Prospectus and follow the expected
implementation timetable as disclosed in the Prospectus.




                                                      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.        Interim Report 2024            21
OTHER INFORMATION




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As far as the Company is aware, as at June 30, 2024, the interests and short positions (if applicable) of our Directors,
Supervisors and the chief executive of our Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company
or any of its associated corporations of our Company (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required
(a) to be notified to our Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to our Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

Interests in the Company

                                                                                                          Approximate     Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage     percentage
                                                                                                       of shareholding of shareholding
                                                                                                           in Domestic      in the total
                                                                                                                Shares    share capital
                                                         Capacity/                         Number of             of the          of the
Name                       Position                      Nature of Interest          Shares interested      Company(2)      Company(3)

Dr. Dai (4)                Chairman of the Board,        Beneficial owner                106,164,523                  32.13%               22.79%
                             Executive Director and                                 Domestic Shares (L)
                             Chief Executive Officer
                                                         Interest in controlled            74,068,383                 22.42%               15.90%
                                                            corporations            Domestic Shares (L)

Notes:

(1)      (L) – Long position

(2)      The calculation is based on the total number of 330,418,283 issued Domestic Shares as at June 30, 2024.

(3)      The calculation is based on the total number of 465,858,733 issued Shares, comprising 330,418,283 issued Domestic Shares and 133,440,450
         issued H Shares as at June 30, 2024.

(4)      As at June 30, 2024, Dr. Dai beneficially owns 106,164,523 Domestic Shares of the Company. In addition to his direct shareholding, Dr. Dai is
         also deemed to be interested in 74,068,383 Domestic Shares of the Company through the intermediaries he controlled under the SFO. Paradigm
         Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan own 63,962,734 Domestic Shares and 10,105,649 Domestic Shares of our Company, respectively. Dr. Dai,
         through Beijing New Wisdom, is the sole general partner of Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan. The spouse of Dr. Dai is also deemed to
         be interested in the Shares in which Dr. Dai is interested under the SFO.


Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of our Directors, as at June 30, 2024, we were not aware of any
Director or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or
debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which (a) were
required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (b) were required,
pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




22            Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.         Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSON’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As far as the Company is aware, as at June 30 2024, the persons, other than our Directors or the chief executive of our
Company, who had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by
our Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

Interests in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                        percentage          Approximate
                                                                                                                   of shareholding           percentage
                                                                                                                       in Domestic       of shareholding
                                                                                                                          Shares/H            in the total
                                       Capacity/Nature                                                                Shares of the         share capital
Name of Shareholder                    of Interest                             Number of Shares interested              Company(2)     of the Company(3)

Beijing New Wisdom(4)(5)               Interest in controlled corporations    74,068,383 Domestic Shares (L)               22.42%                 15.90%
Paradigm Investment(4)                 Beneficial owner                       63,962,734 Domestic Shares (L)               19.36%                 13.73%
Paradigm Chuqi(5)                      Interest in controlled corporations    63,962,734 Domestic Shares (L)               19.36%                 13.73%
HongShan Venture(6)                    Beneficial owner                              32,259,066 H Shares (L)               23.82%                  6.92%
SCCV Shareholders(6)                   Interest in controlled corporations           32,259,066 H Shares (L)               23.82%                  6.92%
Guoxin Qidi                            Beneficial owner                              12,117,394 H Shares (L)                8.95%                  2.60%
Guoxin Qidi Shareholders(7)            Interest in controlled corporations           12,117,394 H Shares (L)                8.95%                  2.60%
Purui Tianjin                          Beneficial owner                              11,301,027 H Shares (L)                8.34%                  2.43%
Purui Tianjin Shareholders(8)          Interest in controlled corporations           11,301,027 H Shares (L)                8.34%                  2.43%
Zhou Kui(9)                            Interest in controlled corporations    18,941,724 Domestic Shares (L)                5.73%                  4.07%
Beijing Innovation                     Beneficial owner                               7,115,539 H Shares (L)                5.25%                  1.53%
Beijing Innovation Shareholders(10)    Interest in controlled corporations            7,115,539 H Shares (L)                5.25%                  1.53%
Zhongyi Equity Fund                    Beneficial owner                               7,020,480 H Shares (L)                5.18%                  1.51%
Zhongyi Equity Fund Shareholders(11)   Interest in controlled corporations            7,020,480 H Shares (L)                5.18%                  1.51%

Notes:

(1)      (L) – Long position

(2)      The calculation is based on the 330,418,283 issued Domestic Shares and 135,440,450 issued H Shares as at June 30, 2024.


(3)      The calculation is based on the total number of 465,858,733 issued Shares, comprising 330,418,283 issued Domestic Shares and 135,440,450
         issued H Shares as at June 30, 2024.

(4)      Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan are indirectly controlled by Beijing New Wisdom, being the sole general partner of Paradigm
         Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan. Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan holds 63,962,734 Domestic Shares and 10,105,649 Domestic
         Shares, respectively. By virtue of SFO, each of Dr. Dai and Beijing New Wisdom (through his/its interest in a controlled corporation or controlled
         corporations, as the case may be) are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each of Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan.

(5)      Paradigm Chuqi (whose general partner is Beijing New Wisdom) is interested in more than one third of the limited partnership interest in Paradigm
         Investment. By virtue of SFO, Paradigm Chuqi is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Paradigm Investment.




                                                                   Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.         Interim Report 2024            23
OTHER INFORMATION




(6)   To the best knowledge of the Company, HongShan Venture is wholly owned by Sequoia Capital China Venture Fund V, L.P.. SC China Venture V
      Management, L.P. is the general partner of Sequoia Capital China Venture Fund V, L.P., and in turn SC China Holding Limited is the general partner
      of SC China Venture V Management, L.P.. SC China Holding Limited is wholly owned by SNP China Enterprises Limited, which is in turn wholly
      owned by Mr. Neil Nanpeng Shen, the Company’s former Director. By virtue of SFO, each of Sequoia Capital China Venture Fund V, L.P., SC
      China Venture V Management, L.P., SC China Holding Limited, SNP China Enterprises Limited and Mr. Neil Nanpeng Shen (through its/his interest
      in a controlled corporation or controlled corporations, as the case may be) (together the “SCCV Shareholders”) are deemed to be interested in
      the Shares held by HongShan Venture.

(7)   To the best knowledge of the Company, Henan Guoxin Qidi Fund Management Co., Ltd., a limited liability company established in the PRC, is
      the general partner of Guoxin Qidi. Henan Guoxin Qidi Fund Management Co., Ltd. is owned as to 35% by Guoxin Risk Investment Management
      (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. which is in turn wholly owned by Guoxin Science and Technology Innovation Fund Management Co., Ltd. Guoxin Science
      and Technology Innovation Fund Management Co., Ltd. is owned as to 40% by China Guoxin Fund Management Co., Ltd., which is in turn wholly
      owned by China Guoxin Holding Co., Ltd. By virtue of SFO, China Guoxin Holding Co., Ltd., China Guoxin Fund Management Co., Ltd., Guoxin
      Science and Technology Innovation Fund Management Co., Ltd., Guoxin Risk Investment Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. and Henan Guoxin
      Qidi Fund Management Co., Ltd. (together “Guoxin Qidi Shareholders”) are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Guoxin Qidi.

(8)   To the best knowledge of the Company, the general partner of Purui Tianjin is Purui Management, which is ultimately controlled by individuals,
      who are Independent Third Parties. Purui Tianjin has one limited partner, Purui Investment, the general partner of which is also Purui Management.
      Purui Investment has one limited partner, Parade II Technology Investment Company Limited, holding approximately 99.8% of partnership interest
      in Purui Investment. Parade II Technology Investment Company Limited is ultimately controlled by Mr. Fang Fenglei. By virtue of SFO, Purui
      Management, the individual ultimate controllers of Purui Management, Purui Investment, Parade II Technology Investment Company Limited, Mr.
      Fang Fenglei (together “Purui Tianjin Shareholders”) are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Purui Tianjin.

(9)   To the best knowledge of the Company, the general partner of Shenzhen HongShan Hanchen Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan
      Hanchen”) is Shenzhen HongShan Antai Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan Antai”) and the limited partner which holds more
      than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Hanchen is Shenzhen HongShan Yuechen Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan
      Yuechen”). The general partner of HongShan Yuechen is HongShan Antai and the limited partner holding more than one-third of the partnership
      interest in HongShan Yuechen is Shenzhen HongShan Yuchen Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan Yuchen”). The general partner
      of HongShan Yuchen is HongShan Antai. The general partner of HongShan Antai is Shenzhen HongShan Huanyu Investment Consulting Co., Ltd.
      (“HongShan Huanyu”), which is owned as to 70% by Zhou Kui.


      Beijing HongShan Mingde Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Mingde”) directly owns 6,352,978 Domestic Shares of
      the Company, its general partner is Beijing HongShan Kunde Investment Management Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Kunde”), and
      its limited partners holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Mingde are Beijing HongShan Shengde Equity Investment
      Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Shengde”) and Beijing HongShan Kangde Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan
      Kangde”). The general partner of HongShan Kunde is Shanghai Huanyuan Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Huanyuan”) and
      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Huide Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Huide”) is the
      general partner of HongShan Shengde and HongShan Kangde respectively. The general partner of HongShan Huide is Shanghai Huanyuan, which
      is owned as to 70% by Zhou Kui.

      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Zhisheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Zhisheng”) directly
      owns 4,112,972 Domestic Shares of the Company, its general partner is Jiaxing HongShan Kunsheng Investment Management Partnership (Limited
      Partnership) (“HongShan Kunsheng”), and the limited partners who hold more than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Zhisheng
      are Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Mingsheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Mingsheng”) and
      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Jiasheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Jiasheng”). HongShan
      Kunsheng is the general partner of HongShan Mingsheng and HongShan Jiasheng respectively, and the general partner of HongShan Kunsheng is
      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Huanjia Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“HongShan Huanjia”). HongShan Huanjia is owned as
      to 70% by Zhou Kui.

      By virtue of the SFO, Zhou Kui is deemed to be interested in HongShan Hanchen, HongShan Mingde and the Shares held by them.




24        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.            Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION




(10)   To the best knowledge of the Company, Beijing Hulian Sinovation Ventures Investment Management Limited (北京互聯創新工場投資管理有限公司),
       a limited liability company established in the PRC, is the general partner and sole executive partner of Beijing Innovation, and is ultimately controlled
       by Li Puyu (李璞玉). Beijing Innovation has 33 limited partners and its largest limited partner is Innovation Works (Xiamen) VC Partnership (Limited
       Partnership) (創新工場（廈門）創業投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Innovation Works Xiamen”), holding approximately 35.1% of partnership interest
       in Beijing Innovation. The executive partner of Innovation Works Xiamen is Sinovation Ventures (Xiamen) Investment Management Limited (創新
       工場（廈門）投資管理有限公司), which is wholly-owned by Beijing Hulian Sinovation Ventures Investment Management Limited, a limited liability
       Company controlled by Li Puyu. By virtue of SFO, Beijing Hulian Sinovation Ventures Investment Management Limited, Li Puyu, Innovation Works
       Xiamen, and Sinovation Ventures (Xiamen) Investment Management Limited (together the “Beijing Innovation Shareholders”) are deemed to be
       interested in the Shares held by Beijing Innovation.

(11)   To the best knowledge of the Company, China Mobile Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. (中移股權基金管理有限公司), a limited liability company
       established in the PRC, is the sole executive partner of Zhongyi Equity Fund, which is in turn held as to 55% by China Mobile Capital Holding Co.,
       Ltd. (中移資本控股有限責任公司) (“China Mobile Capital”). China Mobile Capital is wholly owned by China Mobile Communications Group Co.,
       Ltd. (中國移動通信集團公司). Zhongyi Equity Fund has five limited partners and its largest limited partner is also China Mobile Capital, holding
       approximately 43.6% of partnership interest in Zhongyi Equity Fund. By virtue of SFO, China Mobile Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd., China
       Mobile Capital, and China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. (together the “Zhongyi Equity Fund Shareholders”) are deemed to be
       interested in the Shares held by Zhongyi Equity Fund.


Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of our Directors, as at June 30, 2024, we were not aware of any other
person (other than the Directors or the chief executive of our Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares
or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be
required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred therein.

COMPETING INTERESTS
Our Directors are not aware of any business or interest of our Directors or the controlling shareholders (as defined in the
Listing Rules) of the Company nor any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) that competed or
might compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group and any other conflicts of interest which any
such person had or might have with the Group during the six months ended June 30, 2024.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
The Company did not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

                                                                                                        By order of the Board
                                                                                           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           DAI Wenyuan
                                                                                                              Chairman

Beijing, the PRC




                                                                 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.               Interim Report 2024             25
REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




To the Board of Directors of Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 27 to 67, which comprises the interim condensed
consolidated balance sheet of Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together,
the “Group”) as at June 30, 2024 and the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the interim
condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and the interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows
for the six-month period then ended, and selected explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in
compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in
accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a
conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body,
in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards
or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. A review of interim financial information consists
of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and
other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
Financial Reporting”.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, August 15, 2024




26        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
      INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                         Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                2024                     2023
                                                                           Note             RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                                      6              1,866,600                1,468,104
Cost of sales                                                                9             (1,076,654)                (763,523)


Gross profit                                                                                   789,946                 704,581
Selling and marketing expenses                                               9                (135,355)               (173,821)
General and administrative expenses                                          9                (100,334)               (178,756)
Research and development expenses                                            9                (850,045)               (661,832)
Credit loss allowance                                                        9                 (24,472)                 (15,703)
Other income                                                                 7                  76,976                   33,823
Other gains, net                                                             8                  54,164                   38,755


Operating loss                                                                                (189,120)               (252,953)
Share of profits/(losses) of investments accounted for
   using the equity method                                                  16                      1,624                (1,367)
Finance income                                                              10                     28,595               21,355
Finance costs                                                               10                     (4,712)            (248,473)


Loss before income tax                                                                        (163,613)               (481,438)
Income tax (expenses)/credit                                                11                  (4,919)                  3,760


Loss for the period                                                                           (168,532)               (477,678)


Other comprehensive loss:
Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Currency translation differences                                                                    1,330                 (3,215)
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Share of other comprehensive loss of investments accounted
   for using the equity method                                              16                     (6,306)                 (266)


Other comprehensive loss for the period, net of tax                                                (4,976)                (3,481)


Total comprehensive loss for the period                                                       (173,508)               (481,159)


Loss attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                         (151,598)               (456,068)
Non-controlling interests                                                                      (16,934)                 (21,610)


                                                                                              (168,532)               (477,678)




                                                    Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024       27
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                               Note     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

Total comprehensive loss attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                    (156,574)         (459,549)
Non-controlling interests                                                                 (16,934)           (21,610)


                                                                                         (173,508)         (481,159)


Loss per share for loss attributable to owners of
  the Company (expressed in RMB per share)                                     12
Basic                                                                                       (0.33)             (1.66)


Diluted                                                                                     (0.33)             (1.66)

The above interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




28        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                              INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET




                                                                                                    As at                  As at
                                                                                                 June 30,           December 31,
                                                                                                    2024                   2023
                                                                               Note             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)               (Audited)

Assets
Non-current assets
Right-of-use assets                                                            13(a)               36,124                      44,363
Property and equipment                                                          14                 44,763                      47,047
Intangible assets                                                               15                283,968                     425,678
Investments accounted for using the equity method                               16                215,993                      53,436
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           17                500,636                     456,824
Contract assets                                                                6(a)                 4,873                      21,273
Term bank deposits                                                             21(c)              401,064                     204,157
Other non-current assets                                                        22                268,956                     237,970


                                                                                                1,756,377                1,490,748


Current assets
Inventories                                                                     18                213,356                  295,262
Contract assets                                                                 6(a)               15,099                   42,104
Trade receivables                                                               19              1,770,387                1,843,610
Prepayments and other receivables                                               20                487,740                  384,388
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           17                522,363                  562,335
Term bank deposits                                                             21(c)              670,448                  492,946
Restricted cash                                                                21(b)                2,427                   57,990
Cash and cash equivalents                                                      21(a)            1,181,736                1,977,891


                                                                                                4,863,556                5,656,526


Total assets                                                                                    6,619,933                7,147,274


Equity and liabilities
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                                   23                465,859                  465,859
Treasury stock                                                                  24                (12,495)                       –
Reserves                                                                        24              9,964,662                9,969,638
Accumulated losses                                                                             (5,237,973)              (5,086,375)


                                                                                                5,180,053                5,349,122

Non-controlling interests                                                                              23,574                 103,392


Total equity                                                                                    5,203,627                5,452,514




                                                        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024        29
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET




                                                                                               As at          As at
                                                                                            June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                               Note        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)       (Audited)

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                              13(b)         12,134          20,189
Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                 845           1,482
Borrowings                                                                      27                –          12,500
Other non-current liabilities                                                   28                –          17,439


                                                                                             12,979          51,610


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                                  25         1,024,553      1,043,189
Other payables and accruals                                                     26           105,125        270,597
Contract liabilities                                                            6(b)         161,702        146,184
Lease liabilities                                                              13(b)          24,972         25,697
Income tax liabilities                                                                         6,908          4,037
Borrowings                                                                      27            36,117         96,247
Other current liabilities                                                                     43,950         57,199


                                                                                           1,403,327      1,643,150


Total liabilities                                                                          1,416,306      1,694,760


Total equity and liabilities                                                               6,619,933      7,147,274

The above interim condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

On behalf of the Board




                         Dai Wenyuan                                                   Yu Zhonghao
                           Director                                                       Director




30        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                      INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                                     Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                    Non- Total equity/
                                                            Share    Treasury                Accumulated                      controlling   (deficit on
                                                           capital      stock       Reserves      losses         Subtotal       interests total equity)
                                                   Note   RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

(Unaudited)
Balance at January 1, 2024                                 465,859           –      9,969,638     (5,086,375)    5,349,122      103,392       5,452,514


Comprehensive loss
Loss for the period                                              –           –              –      (151,598)      (151,598)      (16,934)      (168,532)
Currency translation differences                                 –           –          1,330             –          1,330             –          1,330
Share of other comprehensive loss of investments
  accounted for using the equity method            16            –           –         (6,306)               –      (6,306)            –         (6,306)


Total comprehensive loss for the period                          –           –         (4,976)     (151,598)      (156,574)      (16,934)      (173,508)


Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners
Shares repurchase                                  24            –     (12,495)             –                –     (12,495)            –        (12,495)
Partial disposal of subsidiaries                                 –           –              –                –           –       (62,884)       (62,884)


Total transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners                                             –     (12,495)             –                –     (12,495)      (62,884)       (75,379)


Balance at June 30, 2024                                   465,859     (12,495)     9,964,662     (5,237,973)    5,180,053        23,574      5,203,627




                                                             Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.            Interim Report 2024             31
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                         Non-    Total equity/
                                                             Share       Treasury                     Accumulated                  controlling      (deficit on
                                                            capital         stock       Reserves           losses      Subtotal      interests    total equity)
                                                   Note   RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

(Unaudited)
Balance at January 1, 2023                                 437,706     (4,898,094)     7,063,334       (4,177,658)   (1,574,712)     113,701      (1,461,011)


Comprehensive loss
Loss for the period                                               –             –               –        (456,068)    (456,068)      (21,610)       (477,678)
Currency translation differences                                  –             –          (3,215)              –        (3,215)           –           (3,215)
Share of other comprehensive loss of investments
  accounted for using the equity method            16             –             –            (266)               –         (266)            –            (266)


Total comprehensive loss for the period                           –             –          (3,481)       (456,068)    (459,549)      (21,610)       (481,159)


Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners
Capital contribution from shareholders                      13,537              –         181,129                –     194,666              –        194,666
Repurchase and cancellation of shares                        (5,578)            –        (253,444)               –    (259,022)             –       (259,022)
Transactions with non-controlling interests                       –             –           (1,602)              –       (1,602)       1,602                –
Disposal of a subsidiary                                          –             –                –               –            –           (59)            (59)


Total transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners                                         7,959              –         (73,917)               –      (65,958)       1,543          (64,415)


Balance at June 30, 2023                                   445,665     (4,898,094)     6,985,936       (4,633,726)   (2,100,219)      93,634      (2,006,585)

The above interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




32              Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.       Interim Report 2024
                        INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                        Note             RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash used in operations                                                                    (415,102)              (876,919)
Interest received                                                                            16,388                 13,605
Income tax (paid)/refund                                                                     (3,479)                    32


Net cash used in operating activities                                                      (402,193)              (863,282)


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets                                   (12,088)                 (9,512)
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                                123                     137
Placement of term bank deposits                                                            (700,000)              (100,000)
Withdrawal of term bank deposits                                                            301,000                       –
Interest income received from term bank deposits                                             36,150                   1,950
Purchases of short-term investments measured at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                5.2               (675,000)              (650,000)
Proceeds from disposal of short-term investments measured
   at fair value through profit or loss                                  5.2               733,170               1,963,401
Purchase of long-term investments measured at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                5.2                (40,842)                        –
Settlement of consideration payable for business combination
   completed in prior years                                                                 (30,465)                  (30,465)
Partial disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                   31                   2,455                         –


Net cash (used)/generated from investing activities                                        (385,497)             1,175,511




                                                 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024        33
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                               Note     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)



Cash flows from financing activities
Capital contribution by shareholders                                                            –           194,666
Payments for shares repurchased                                                24         (12,495)         (259,022)
Payment of listing expenses to be capitalized                                                   –              (3,134)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                   42,300             49,967
Repayment of borrowings                                                                   (33,950)           (41,054)
Interest expenses paid                                                                     (1,270)             (1,357)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                              (15,099)           (16,600)
Advance from a related party                                                                8,500                   –


Net cash used in financing activities                                                     (12,014)          (76,534)


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     (799,704)          235,695
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                                    1,977,891         1,326,818
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                               3,549               343


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                          1,181,736         1,562,856

The above interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




34        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
        NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




1   GENERAL INFORMATION
    Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”, formerly known as Shenzhen Qianhai Fourth
    Paradigm Data Technology Co., Ltd.) was incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
    on September 17, 2014 as a limited liability company, and relocated to Beijing, PRC on April 21, 2021. On July 9,
    2021, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability under the Company Law of the
    PRC. The address of the Company’s registered office is No. L01301-1, Level 13, Building 1, No. 66, Qinghe Middle
    Street, Haidian District, Beijing, PRC.

    The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are
    primarily engaged in sales of self-developed artificial intelligence (“AI”) platform (“Sage Platform”) and other ready-
    to-use applications and provision of application development and other services in the PRC and certain overseas
    countries and regions.

    Mr. Dai Wenyuan is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group as at the date of approval of this interim
    condensed consolidated financial information.

    The interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.
    The interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company
    on August 15, 2024.

2   BASIS OF PREPARATION
    The interim condensed consolidated financial information has been prepared in accordance with International
    Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
    (“IASB”). This interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the notes of the type
    normally included in annual financial statements. Accordingly, it should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
    financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the “2023 Financial Statements”) as set
    out in the 2023 annual report of the Company dated March 20, 2024, which have been prepared in accordance
    with IFRS Accounting Standards.

3   ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    The accounting policies and methods of computations used in the preparation of the interim condensed
    consolidated financial information are consistent with those used in the preparation of the 2023 Financial
    Statements, except for the adoption of new and amended standards as set out below.

    New and amended standards adopted by the Group
    The following amended standards are mandatory for the first time beginning on January 1, 2024:

    •      Amendments to IAS 1 – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities with
           Covenants

    •      Amendments to IFRS 16 – Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback

    •      Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 – Supplier Finance Arrangements

    The adoption of these amended standards has had no significant impact on the Group’s results for the six months
    ended June 30, 2024 and the Group’s financial position as at June 30, 2024.

    The Group has not early adopted the new or amended standards that have been issued and not yet effective for the
    year ending December 31, 2024 in this interim condensed consolidated financial information.


                                                 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024     35
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




4    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
     The preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information requires management to make
     judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts
     of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     In preparing the interim condensed consolidated financial information, the significant judgments made by
     management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the
     same as those applied to the 2023 Financial Statements.

5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     5.1   Financial risk factors
           The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk,
           interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

           The Group’s policies on financial risk management were set out in the 2023 Financial Statements and there
           have been no significant changes in the financial risk management policies during the six months ended June
           30, 2024.

     5.2   Fair value estimation
           The table below analyzes the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at each balance sheet
           dates, by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorized
           into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

           •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1);

           •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                  either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2); and

           •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                  inputs) (level 3).

           The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at June 30, 2024:

                                                                    Level 1         Level 2         Level 3       Total
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

           (Unaudited)
           Assets
           Long-term investments measured at
             fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)                     –              –        500,636     500,636
           Short-term investments measured at
             fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)                     –              –        522,363     522,363


                                                                             –              –      1,022,999    1,022,999




36      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                             NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
    5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at December 31,
          2023:

                                                                 Level 1         Level 2          Level 3            Total
                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

          (Audited)
          Assets
          Long-term investments measured at
            fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)                  –               –        456,824             456,824
          Short-term investments measured at
            fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)                  –               –        562,335             562,335


                                                                         –               –      1,019,159        1,019,159

          The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of long-term investments measured at fair
          value through profit or loss for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)

          At beginning of the period                                                         456,824               477,889
          Additions                                                                           40,842                     –
          Transfer                                                                                 –              (158,008)
          Changes in fair value                                                                2,970                 3,894


          At end of the period                                                               500,636                  323,775


          Net unrealised gains for the period                                                   2,970                   3,607




                                                 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024        37
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
           The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of short-term investments measured at fair
           value through profit or loss for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

           At beginning of the period                                                    562,335            1,330,166
           Additions                                                                     675,000              650,000
           Transfer                                                                            –              158,008
           Disposals                                                                    (733,170)          (1,963,401)
           Changes in fair value                                                          18,198               14,953


           At end of the period                                                          522,363              189,726


           Net unrealised gains for the period                                            16,867               10,561

           The Group has a team that manages the valuation of level 3 instruments for financial reporting purposes.
           The team manages the valuation exercise of the investments on a case-by-case basis. At least once every
           year, the team would use valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the Group’s level 3 instruments.
           External valuation experts were involved when necessary.

           The valuation of the level 3 instruments mainly included long-term investments in unlisted equity securities,
           preferred shares and funds measured at fair value through profit or loss and short-term investments in
           wealth management products and funds measured at fair value through profit or loss (Note 17). As these
           instruments are not traded in an active market, their fair values have been determined by using various
           applicable valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows and market approach etc.




38      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                        NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
    5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
          The following table summarizes the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in
          recurring level 3 fair value measurements:

                                                         Fair values                                               Range of inputs
                                                        As at        As at       Significant                        As at             As at   Relationship of
                                                     June 30, December 31,       unobservable                    June 30,      December 31,   unobservable
          Description                                   2024         2023        inputs                             2024              2023    inputs to fair values
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                  (Unaudited)     (Audited)

          Long-term investments measured at
             fair value through profit or loss:
          – Unlisted equity securities and            95,547           105,230   Expected volatility       49.65%-60.71%     49.65%-62.92%    The higher the expected volatility,
               preferred shares investments                                                                                                     the lower the fair value
                                                                                 Discount for lack of      15.00%-27.00%     19.00%-27.00%    The higher the DLOM,
                                                                                   marketability                                                the lower the fair value
                                                                                   (“DLOM”)
          – Fund investments (a)                     405,089           351,594   N/A                                 N/A               N/A    N/A


                                                     500,636           456,824


          Short-term investments measured at
             fair value through profit or loss:
          – Wealth management products                50,006           106,845   Expected rate of return           2.03%       3.70%-4.20%    The higher the expected rate of
                                                                                                                                                return, the higher the fair value
          – Fund investments (a)                     472,357           455,490   N/A                                 N/A               N/A    N/A


                                                     522,363           562,335

          Note:

          (a)         The Group determines the fair values of its fund investments as at the reporting date based on the reported net asset values of
                      the respective funds as provided and evaluated by fund managers.




                                                               Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.                          Interim Report 2024                        39
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
           If the fair values of the long-term investments and short-term investments measured at fair value through
           profit or loss held by the Group had been 0.5% higher/lower, the loss before income tax for the six months
           ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 would have been approximately RMB5,115,000 and RMB2,568,000 lower/
           higher, respectively.

           The Group believes that any reasonably possible change in assumptions used for the significant unobservable
           inputs would not significantly affect the profit or loss for the respective periods.

           There were no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 of fair value hierarchy classifications during the six months
           ended June 30, 2024, and 2023.

           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value including cash and
           cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits, trade receivables and other receivables, and the
           Group’s financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value, including borrowings, lease liabilities, trade
           payables, other payables, redemption liabilities and payable for acquisition of subsidiaries, approximate their
           fair values due to their short maturities or the financial assets/liabilities bear interests at interest rates that are
           close to the market interest rates.

6    SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE
     The Group’s business activities are sales of Sage Platform and other ready-to-use applications and provision of
     application development and other services mainly in the PRC. The Group does not distinguish revenue, costs and
     expenses between segments in its internal reporting, and reports costs and expenses by nature as a whole.

     The Group’s chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer, who
     reviews consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the
     Group as a whole and hence, the Group has only one reportable segment. The Group does not distinguish between
     markets or segments for the purpose of internal reports. As substantially all of the Group’s non-current assets
     are located in the PRC and substantially all of the Group’s revenue are derived from the PRC, no geographical
     information is presented.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2024, revenue of approximately RMB335,632,000 was derived from an external
     customer which accounted for approximately 18.0% of the Group’s revenue. For the six months ended June 30,
     2023, revenue of approximately RMB169,348,000 was derived from an external customer which accounted for
     approximately 11.5% of the Group’s revenue.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2024, revenue from contracts with customers of approximately
     RMB1,252,055,000 (2023: RMB755,956,000) was from sales of Sage Platform and applications, and revenue
     from contracts with customers of approximately RMB614,545,000 (2023: RMB712,148,000) was from provision of
     application development and other services.




40      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                            NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




6   SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE (continued)
    The Group’s revenues derived from the transfer of goods and services at a point in time and over time are analyzed as
    follows:

                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2024                     2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

    Point in time                                                                       1,841,888                1,431,270
    Over time                                                                              24,712                   36,834


                                                                                        1,866,600                1,468,104

    (a)    Contract assets
           The Group has recognized the following assets related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                                         June 30,           December 31,
                                                                                            2024                   2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)               (Audited)

           Contract assets
             – Current portion                                                                 15,804                 43,841
             – Non-current portion                                                              5,135                 22,390


                                                                                               20,939                 66,231
           Credit loss allowance                                                                 (967)                 (2,854)


                                                                                               19,972                 63,377

           Contract assets are generally the final payments of revenue contracts which are due at the end of the quality
           assurance period (1–3 years). Contract assets are recorded as the Group has no right on these amounts of
           consideration when the revenue is recognized.




                                                Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024        41
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




6    SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE (continued)
     (b)      Contract liabilities
              The Group has recognized the following liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                               As at                As at
                                                                                            June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)             (Audited)

              Contract liabilities                                                           161,702               146,184

              Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while the
              underlying services are yet to be provided. Due to generally the short-term duration of the relevant contracts,
              a majority of the contract liabilities are recognized in the following year.

7    OTHER INCOME
                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

     Government grants                                                                          2,339                1,869
     Value-added tax and other tax refunds                                                     74,516               30,480
     Others                                                                                       121                1,474


                                                                                               76,976               33,823

     Government grants primarily relate to grants in connection with the Group’s contributions to technology
     development and investments in local business districts. Those grants are not stipulated with any unfulfilled
     conditions or contingencies.




42         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




8   OTHER GAINS, NET
                                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                          2024                      2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

    Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                            21,168                    18,847
      – Unlisted equity securities                                                                         (2,694)                    1,365
      – Preferred shares investments                                                                       (6,988)                      932
      – Fund investments                                                                                   29,519                     7,203
      – Wealth management products                                                                          1,331                     9,347
    Foreign exchange gains, net                                                                             1,890                     3,235
    Net gains on disposal/dilution of investments accounted for
      using the equity method                                                                                   –                    16,086
    Net gains on partial disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31)                                                31,545                         –
    Others                                                                                                   (439)                      587


                                                                                                           54,164                    38,755

9   EXPENSES BY NATURE
                                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                          2024                      2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

    Employee benefit expenses                                                                            254,007                    321,289
    Technology service fees                                                                            1,032,964                    925,292
    Cost of finished goods sold                                                                          694,740                    284,343
    Advertising and marketing expenses                                                                    59,839                     88,540
    Depreciation and amortization
       – property and equipment (Note 14)                                                                   9,489                     8,995
       – right-of-use assets (Note 13(a))                                                                  13,944                    14,180
       – intangible assets (Note 15)                                                                       11,341                    18,325
    Cloud service and other technical service fees                                                         32,608                     4,697
    Listing expenses                                                                                            –                    60,634
    Other professional fees                                                                                13,903                    14,252
    Business travel expenses                                                                                9,340                    14,075
    Credit loss allowance (Note (a))                                                                       24,472                    15,703
    Impairment provision for inventories                                                                    3,218                        70
    Others                                                                                                 26,995                    23,240


                                                                                                       2,186,860                1,793,635

    Note:

    (a)     Mainly include the credit loss allowance on contract assets, trade receivables, and other receivables (Notes 6(a), 19 and 20, refer
            respectively).



                                                        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.          Interim Report 2024          43
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




10   FINANCE INCOME AND FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                  2024                       2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

     Finance income:
     Interest income from bank deposits                                                                            26,964                     21,355
     Amortized amounts on receivable from the partial disposal of subsidiaries                                      1,631                          –


                                                                                                                   28,595                     21,355


     Finance costs:
     Interest expense on redemption liabilities (Note (a))                                                               –                 (241,505)
     Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note 13)                                                                  (952)                   (1,545)
     Interest expense on borrowings                                                                                 (1,270)                   (1,357)
     Amortized amounts on payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                                   (2,346)                   (3,904)
     Others                                                                                                           (144)                     (162)


                                                                                                                    (4,712)                (248,473)

     Note:

     (a)      Since the date of incorporation of the Company to July 2021, the Company had completed several rounds of financing in the way of
              capital increase of the Company and capital transfer from founders to investors. The shares issued or transferred to the abovementioned
              investors were with preferred rights, including redemption rights and liquidation preferences which constitute as the Company’s obligations
              to repurchase its own equity instruments. These obligations were recognized as redemption liabilities which were initially measured at fair
              value and subsequently measured at amortized cost, with the corresponding amortisation expense recognised as finance costs for each
              reporting period. Upon the successful listing of the Company on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on September 28,
              2023, such redemption liabilities were derecognised.


11   INCOME TAX EXPENSES/(CREDITS)
     The income tax expenses/(credits) of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 are analyzed as
     follows:

                                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                  2024                       2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

     Current income tax                                                                                              6,176                         (84)
     Deferred income tax                                                                                            (1,257)                    (3,676)


     Income tax expenses/(credits)                                                                                   4,919                     (3,760)

     Income tax expenses/(credits) are recognized based on management’s best knowledge of the income tax rates that
     would be applicable to the full financial year.



44         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.           Interim Report 2024
                                                         NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




11   INCOME TAX EXPENSES/(CREDITS) (continued)
     Notes:

     (a)      Enterprise income tax in mainland China (“EIT”)

              The income tax provision of the Group in respect of its operations in mainland China was calculated at tax rate of 25% on the assessable
              profits for the respective periods presented, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

              Certain subsidiaries in mainland China are entitled to preferential EIT rate of 15%, mainly include the follows:

              Fourth Paradigm (Beijing) Data & Technology Co., Ltd. was qualified as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” (“HNTE”) in December
              2016 and renewed the qualification in December 2019 and November 2022, hence it enjoys a preferential income tax rate of 15% from
              2016 to 2024.

              Beijing Ideal Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Ideal Technology”) was qualified as a HNTE in September 2018 and renewed the
              qualification in September 2021, hence it enjoys a preferential income tax rate of 15% from 2018 to 2023. Ideal Technology is in the
              progress of renewing the HNTE qualification in 2024.

              EpicHust Technology (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. (“EpicHust”) was qualified as a HNTE in December 2020 and renewed the qualification in
              December 2023, hence it enjoys a preferential income tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2025.

              Management considers that the above subsidiaries can be continued to be qualified as HNTEs upon renewal and hence will continue to
              enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15% in the foreseeable future.

     (b)      Hong Kong income tax

              The entity incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong profits tax of which the tax rate is 8.25% for assessable profits in the first
              Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 2 million and 16.5% for any assessable profits in excess of HKD2 million.

              No provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made as the Group had no estimated assessable profit that was subject to Hong Kong profits
              tax during the periods presented.

     (c)      Singapore income tax

              The entity incorporated in Singapore is subject to Singapore income tax at a rate of 17% for taxable income earned in Singapore.

              No provision for Singapore income tax was made as the Group had no estimated assessable profit that was subject to Singapore income
              tax during the periods presented.

     (d)      Super Deduction for research and development expenses

              As announced by the State Taxation Administration of the People’s Republic of China in March 2023, all enterprises engaging in research
              and development activities would entitle to claim 200% of their research and development expenses as Super Deduction from January 1,
              2023. The Group has made its best estimate for the Super Deduction to be claimed for the Group’s entities in ascertaining their assessable
              profits.




                                                                Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.             Interim Report 2024         45
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




12   LOSS PER SHARE
     The basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted
     average number of ordinary shares in issue excluding treasury shares during the respective periods. In determining
     the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue, the contingently returnable shares, i.e. shares with
     preferred rights, are excluded from the calculation, the impact of which was nil and 170,286,193 shares for the six
     months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

     Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
     assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. As of June 30, 2024, the Group does not have any
     dilutive potential ordinary shares. For the six months ended June 30, 2023, as the Group incurred losses for the
     period, the potential ordinary shares, i.e. shares with preferred rights, were not included in the calculation of diluted
     loss per share as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the six months ended
     June 30, 2024 and 2023 are the same as basic loss per share of the respective periods.

                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                                         (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

     Loss attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                    (151,598)             (456,068)
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousand shares)                    465,817               275,378


     Basic and diluted loss per share for loss attributable to owners of
       the Company (expressed in RMB per share)                                                  (0.33)                (1.66)

13   LEASES
     The Group leases certain of its offices under operating lease arrangements, which are negotiated for terms ranging
     from 6 months to 3 years.

     The interim condensed consolidated balance sheets include the following amounts relating to leases:

     (a)      Right-of-use assets
              The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the six months ended
              June 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows, respectively:

                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

              At beginning of the period                                                       44,363                70,002
              Additions                                                                         8,180                 2,774
              Depreciation charge                                                             (13,944)              (14,180)
              Partial disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31)                                       (2,475)                    –


              At end of the period                                                             36,124                58,596




46         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024
                                              NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




13   LEASES (continued)
     (b)   Lease liabilities
           The carrying amounts of the Group’s lease liabilities as at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as
           follows, respectively:

                                                                                              As at                  As at
                                                                                           June 30,           December 31,
                                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)               (Audited)

           Current                                                                               24,972                 25,697
           Non-current                                                                           12,134                 20,189


                                                                                                 37,106                 45,886

           The interim condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income show the following amounts
           relating to leases:

                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

           Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 9)                                   13,944                 14,180
           Interest expense (Note 10)                                                               952                  1,545
           Expense relating to short-term leases and
              variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities                             58                    168




                                                  Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024       47
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




14   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
     The movement of property and equipment for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 is as below:

                                                          Server and
                                                           electronic            Office   Leasehold
                                                          equipment          equipment improvements       Total
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2024
     Opening net book amount                                   15,332           20,496       11,219         47,047
     Additions                                                    371           10,469          248         11,088
     Disposals                                                    (95)             (28)           –           (123)
     Partial disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31)                (1,624)            (425)      (1,711)        (3,760)
     Depreciation charge                                       (2,895)          (3,735)      (2,859)        (9,489)


     Closing net book amount                                   11,089           26,777        6,897         44,763


     At June 30, 2024
     Cost                                                      35,187            56,958       29,259       121,404
     Accumulated depreciation                                 (24,098)          (30,181)     (22,362)      (76,641)


     Net book amount                                           11,089           26,777        6,897         44,763


     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2023
     Opening net book amount                                   11,080           21,212       16,129         48,421
     Additions                                                   6,885              419        1,055          8,359
     Disposals                                                      (42)             (95)          –           (137)
     Depreciation charge                                        (2,609)          (3,287)      (3,099)        (8,995)


     Closing net book amount                                   15,314           18,249       14,085         47,648


     At June 30, 2023
     Cost                                                      36,364            41,326       34,354       112,044
     Accumulated depreciation                                 (21,050)          (23,077)     (20,269)       (64,396)


     Net book amount                                           15,314           18,249       14,085         47,648




48      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




14   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
     Depreciation charges were expensed off in the following categories in the interim condensed consolidated
     statements of comprehensive income:

                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2024                    2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)

     Research and development expenses                                                       5,135                 4,807
     General and administrative expenses                                                     3,616                 3,226
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                            738                   962


                                                                                             9,489                 8,995




                                              Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024      49
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




15   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                       Software
                                                       Goodwill             and                        Customer           Brand
                                                        Note (a)       copyright     Technology      relationship         name            Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2024
     Opening net book amount                            335,801             7,632         23,615           53,605           5,025         425,678
     Additions                                                –             1,000              –                –               –           1,000
     Partial disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31)         (94,088)           (4,242)       (12,760)         (20,279)              –        (131,369)
     Amortization charge                                      –            (1,465)        (3,235)          (6,306)           (335)        (11,341)


     Closing net book amount                            241,713            2,925           7,620          27,020            4,690         283,968


     At June 30, 2024
     Cost                                               241,713           35,003          16,400           46,500           6,700         346,316
     Accumulated amortization                                 –          (32,078)         (8,780)         (19,480)         (2,010)        (62,348)


     Net book amount                                    241,713            2,925           7,620          27,020            4,690         283,968


     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2023
     Opening net book amount                            335,801           11,250          33,275          71,285            5,695         457,306
     Additions                                                –             1,153               –               –               –            1,153
     Amortization charge                                      –            (4,319)         (4,830)         (8,840)           (336)         (18,325)


     Closing net book amount                            335,801            8,084          28,445          62,445            5,359         440,134


     At June 30, 2023
     Cost                                               335,801           39,686           48,300          97,200           6,700         527,687
     Accumulated amortization                                 –          (31,602)         (19,855)        (34,755)         (1,341)         (87,553)


     Net book amount                                    335,801            8,084          28,445          62,445            5,359         440,134

     Note:

     (a)      On April 1, 2024, the Group has derecognized the goodwill arising from the acquisition of Zhongneng Shibei (Guangzhou) Technology Co.,
              Ltd. (“Zhongneng Shibei Technology”, formerly known as Guangzhou Jianxin Technology Co., Ltd.) of RMB94,088,000 due to the partial
              disposal of Zhongneng Shibei Technology (Note 31).

              As there were no impairment indicators identified since December 31, 2023, the management has not updated the impairment
              calculations further up to June 30, 2024, and the directors of the Company have continued to conclude that no provision for impairment
              of goodwill is required to be recognized as of June 30, 2024.




50         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.         Interim Report 2024
                                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




15   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
     Amortization charges were expensed off in the following categories in the interim condensed consolidated
     statements of comprehensive income:

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

     General and administrative expenses                                                       1,167                  3,973
     Research and development expenses                                                         3,343                  4,918
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                            6,831                  9,434


                                                                                              11,341                 18,325

16   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
                                                                                           As at                  As at
                                                                                        June 30,           December 31,
                                                                                           2024                   2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)               (Audited)

     Investments accounted for using the equity method
        – Associates                                                                     215,913                     53,382
        – Joint ventures                                                                      80                         54


                                                                                         215,993                     53,436

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

     At beginning of the period                                                           53,436                     45,865
     Transfer in (Note 31)                                                               167,200                           –
     Share of profits/(losses)                                                             1,624                      (1,367)
     Disposals                                                                                 –                      (9,390)
     Share of other comprehensive loss                                                    (6,306)                       (266)
     Others                                                                                   39                         380


     At end of the period                                                                215,993                     35,222




                                               Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024        51
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




17   INVESTMENTS
                                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                                           June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Non-current assets
     Long-term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
       – Unlisted equity securities (i)                                                      82,163               84,858
       – Preferred shares investments (ii)                                                   13,384               20,372
       – Fund investments (iii)                                                             405,089              351,594


                                                                                            500,636              456,824


     Current assets
     Short-term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
       – Wealth management products (iv)                                                     50,006              106,845
       – Fund investments (iii)                                                             472,357              455,490


                                                                                            522,363              562,335

     (i)       Unlisted equity securities
               The fair values of unlisted securities are measured using a valuation technique with unobservable inputs
               and hence classified as level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The major assumptions used in the valuation for
               investment in private companies have been set out in Note 5.2.

     (ii)      Preferred shares investments
               The preferred shares investments in the investee are ordinary shares with preferential rights. The Group has
               the right to require and demand the investees to redeem all of the shares held by the Group at guaranteed
               predetermined fixed amount upon redemption events which are out of control of issuers. Hence, these
               investments are accounted for as debt instruments and are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
               These investments are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 5.2).




52          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                              NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




17   INVESTMENTS (continued)
     (iii)   Fund investments
             The Group invested in funds which focus on equity investment in unlisted companies. The returns of the
             funds are not guaranteed and their contractual cash flows do not qualify for solely payments of principal and
             interest, hence they are measured at fair value through profit or loss. The Group determines the fair values
             of the fund investments as at the reporting date based on the reported net asset values of the funds. These
             investments are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 5.2).

             On September 17, 2021, Beijing Paradigm Artificial Intelligence Equity Investment Fund (Limited Partnership)
             (“Paradigm Fund”) was incorporated in Beijing, PRC. Fourth Paradigm (Shenzhen) Data & Technology
             Co., Ltd., the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, as a limited partner, paid RMB200,000,000 and
             RMB40,842,000 (total investment of RMB240,842,000, 45.7% of the total capital contribution) on December
             13, 2021 and April 11, 2024, respectively. The Group has significant influence through its representation on
             the investment committee of Paradigm Fund and elected to measure the investment in Paradigm Fund at
             fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. The carrying amount of this fund investment was
             approximately RMB236,080,000 as at June 30, 2024 (As at December 31, 2023: RMB197,510,000).

             In September 2022, the Group invested RMB160,000,000 in a private fund, Ruiyuan Value No.3 Private
             Equity Investment Fund. Shenzhen Qianhai Ruijing Kaiyuan Capital Management Co., Ltd. and CITIC
             Securities Company Limited are the fund manager and the fund trustee, respectively. The Group has no
             significant influence over the fund and the fund manager and the Group can redeem its fund shares after a
             lockup period of 540 days. Following the cancellation of the lockup period by the fund manager in February
             2023, nearly half of this fund investment was redeemed and the remaining balance as at June 30, 2024 was
             classified as current assets. The carrying amount of this fund investment was approximately RMB84,617,000
             as at June 30, 2024 (As at December 31, 2023: RMB78,091,000).

             On September 26, 2023, the Group invested RMB390,000,000 in a private fund, GaoTeng Overseas Equity
             No.3 Private Equity Investment Fund. GaoTeng Overseas Private Fund Management (Hainan) Ltd. and
             Agricultural Bank of China Limited Hainan Branch are the fund manager and the fund trustee, respectively.
             The Group has no significant influence over the fund and the fund manager and the Group can redeem its
             fund shares after a lockup period of one year. As at June 30, 2024, this fund investment was classified as
             current assets. The carrying amount of this fund investment was approximately RMB387,740,000 as at
             June 30, 2024 (As at December 31, 2023: RMB377,399,000), which represents approximately 5.9% of the
             Group’s total assets (As at December 31, 2023: approximately 5.3%).

             On September 19, 2023, the Group invested RMB155,000,000 in a private fund, Jinyi Equity A-9 Private
             Equity Investment Fund. Beijing Jinyi Asset Management Co., Ltd. and CITIC Securities Company Limited
             are the fund manager and the fund trustee, respectively. The Group has no significant influence over the
             fund and the fund manager and the Group can redeem its fund shares after a lockup period of 730 days.
             As at June 30, 2024, this fund investment was classified as a non-current asset. The carrying amount of
             this fund investment was approximately RMB149,769,000 as at June 30, 2024 (As at December 31, 2023:
             RMB133,972,000).




                                                  Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024   53
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




17   INVESTMENTS (continued)
     (iv)     Wealth management products
              The wealth management products are mainly denominated in RMB and have expected rates of return
              ranging from 1.35% to 4.20% (2023: 1.60% to 4.30%) per annum for the six months ended June 30, 2024.
              The returns on all these wealth management products are not guaranteed and their contractual cash flows
              do not qualify for solely payments of principal and interest, hence they are measured at fair value through
              profit or loss. None of these investments are past due. The fair values are based on cash flows discounted
              using the expected return as estimated by management and are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Note
              5.2).

     (v)      Gains recognized in profit or loss
                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

              Fair value changes on long-term investments measured
                at fair value through profit or loss                                          2,970                3,894
              Fair value changes on short-term investments measured
                at fair value through profit or loss                                         18,198               14,953


                                                                                             21,168               18,847

18   INVENTORIES
                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Finished goods                                                                          24,668               25,053
     Contract fulfilment cost                                                               193,606              271,980


                                                                                            218,274              297,033
     Less: provision for impairment                                                          (4,918)               (1,771)


                                                                                            213,356              295,262




54         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




18   INVENTORIES (continued)
     Finished goods are mainly server and other related hardware products to be delivered to customers with a quick
     turnover. Contract fulfilment cost are recognized from the costs incurred to fulfil contracts of customized AI
     applications development services, which will be recognized to cost of sales mainly within 3-6 months when the
     Group’s related performance obligations are satisfied and hence the related service contract revenue is recognized.

     Provision for impairment was recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the inventories exceeds
     its net realizable value and was recorded in “cost of sales” in the interim condensed consolidated statements of
     comprehensive income.

19   TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                               As at                 As at
                                                                                            June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)              (Audited)

     Third parties                                                                         1,901,248               1,960,339
     Less: credit loss allowance                                                            (130,861)               (116,729)


                                                                                           1,770,387               1,843,610

     The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are mainly denominated in RMB.

     Movements on the Group’s credit loss allowance for trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2024                    2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)

     At beginning of the period                                                              (116,729)                  (61,182)
     Credit loss allowance recognized, net                                                    (34,046)                  (15,548)
     Receivables written off as uncollectable                                                       –                     9,405
     Partial disposal of subsidiaries                                                          19,914                         –


     At end of the period                                                                    (130,861)                  (67,325)




                                                   Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024        55
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




19   TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)
     The Group generally allows a credit period within 90 days to its customers. Aging analysis of trade receivables
     based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                As at                    As at
                                                                                                             June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                                2024                     2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

     Trade receivables
     Up to 3 months                                                                                            691,347                   832,085
     3 to 6 months                                                                                             482,678                   655,045
     6 months to 1 year                                                                                        412,086                   252,712
     Over 1 year                                                                                               315,137                   220,497


                                                                                                             1,901,248                 1,960,339

20   PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                As at                    As at
                                                                                                             June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                                2024                     2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

     Prepayments to suppliers                                                                                  213,379                   177,360
     Deductible value-added input tax                                                                          165,645                   133,102
     Other receivables from third party customers (Note (a))                                                    38,683                    58,683
     Rental, bidding and other deposits                                                                         12,961                    15,260
     Receivables derived from partial disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31)                                         9,769                         –
     Amount due from a related party (Note 32 (c))                                                              35,224                         –
     Others                                                                                                     12,906                    10,279


                                                                                                               488,567                   394,684
     Less: credit loss allowance (Note (b))                                                                       (827)                   (10,296)


                                                                                                               487,740                   384,388

     Notes:

     (a)      In certain transactions with customers, the Group only acts as an agent for purchasing certain hardware (the “hardware component”) on
              behalf of the customer while acts as a principal in delivering the software to the customer. Therefore, the amounts recoverable from the
              Group’s customer and the amounts payable to the Group’s hardware supplier in connection with the hardware component have been
              recognized as other receivables and other payables (Note 26), respectively in the consolidated balance sheet.

     (b)      The expected credit losses of other receivables that are measured at amortized cost including deposits and other receivables from third
              party customers were measured as either 12 months or lifetime expected credit loss, depending on whether there has been a significant
              increase in credit risk since initial recognition.




56         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.         Interim Report 2024
                                            NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




21   CASH AND BANK BALANCES
     (a)   Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                         June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

           Cash at bank and in hand                                                     1,101,736               1,974,856
           Short-term bank deposits with initial terms less than three months              80,000                   3,035


                                                                                        1,181,736               1,977,891

           Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                         June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)              (Audited)

           RMB                                                                            808,133               1,206,409
           United States Dollar                                                           101,914                 546,851
           HKD                                                                            268,368                 222,783
           Singapore Dollar                                                                    12                   1,840
           Euro                                                                             3,309                       8


                                                                                        1,181,736               1,977,891

     (b)   Restricted cash
           Restricted cash are all denominated in Renminbi. As at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
           restricted cash was held at bank as issuance of letter of guarantee or bank acceptance bills.




                                                Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024     57
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




21   CASH AND BANK BALANCES (continued)
     (c)      Term bank deposits
              Term bank deposits are all denominated in RMB.

                                                                                                                As at                    As at
                                                                                                             June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                                2024                     2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

              Included in current assets
              Short-term bank deposits                                                                         400,071                     1,000
              Long-term bank deposits maturing within one year                                                 270,377                   491,946


                                                                                                               670,448                   492,946


              Included in non-current assets
              Long-term bank deposits                                                                          401,064                   204,157

              Short-term bank deposits are bank deposits with original maturities over three months but within twelve
              months and redeemable on maturity. Long-term bank deposits are bank deposits with original maturities
              over twelve months and redeemable on maturity ranging from 2.8 to 3 years. The effective interest rate for
              the short-term bank deposits was 1.85%-2.65% per annum for the six months ended June 30, 2024 (2023:
              2.50%-3.90%). The effective interest rates for the long-term bank deposits were 2.6%-3.9% per annum for
              the six months ended June 30, 2024.

22   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                                As at                    As at
                                                                                                             June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                                2024                     2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

     Prepayment for cloud computing services (Note (a))                                                        206,590                   237,970
     Receivables derived from partial disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31)                                        62,366                         –


                                                                                                               268,956                   237,970

     Note:

     (a)      During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group entered into a contract and a series of service orders with a third-party supplier
              to purchase cloud computing services for a term of 5 years. As at June 30, 2024, the non-current portion of the prepayment for cloud
              computing services amounted to RMB206,590,000, and the current portion amounting to RMB62,760,000 which was recorded in
              “Prepayments and other receivables”. The supplier has gradually provided the related cloud computing services to the Group starting from
              October 2023.




58         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.         Interim Report 2024
                                                        NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




23   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                Nominal
                                                                                                      Number of                  value of
                                                                                                 ordinary shares         ordinary shares
                                                                                                                               RMB’000

     Authorized and issued:

     As at June 30, 2024 (unaudited) and
       December 31, 2023 (audited)                                                                   465,858,733                      465,859

24   TREASURY STOCK AND RESERVES
                                                                                                     Reserves
                                                                                      Share-based      Currency
                                                            Treasury      Capital        payment     translation          Other
                                                               stock      reserve          reserve      reserve         reserve          Total
                                                            RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Balance at January 1, 2024                                    –     8,370,096       1,590,125        (7,272)        16,689       9,969,638
     Currency translation differences                              –             –               –         1,330              –           1,330
     Shares repurchase (Note (a))                            (12,495)            –               –             –              –               –
     Share of other comprehensive loss of investments
       accounted for using the equity method                        –            –               –              –        (6,306)         (6,306)


     Balance at June 30, 2024                                (12,495)    8,370,096       1,590,125        (5,942)        10,383       9,964,662


     (Unaudited)
     Balance at January 1, 2023                            (4,898,094)   5,466,480       1,590,125        (4,146)        10,875       7,063,334
     Currency translation differences                               –            –               –        (3,215)             –           (3,215)
     Capital contribution from shareholders                         –      181,129               –             –              –         181,129
     Repurchase and cancellation of shares                          –     (253,444)              –             –              –        (253,444)
     Share of other comprehensive loss of investments
       accounted for using the equity method                        –            –               –              –          (266)           (266)
     Transactions with non-controlling interests                    –       (1,602)              –              –             –          (1,602)


     Balance at June 30, 2023                              (4,898,094)   5,392,563       1,590,125        (7,361)        10,609       6,985,936

     Note:

     (a)      In May 2024 and June 2024, the Company has repurchased 259,800 ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with an
              aggregate consideration of approximately RMB12,495,000. As of June 30, 2024, the repurchased shares have not been cancelled. The
              Company accounts for the repurchased ordinary shares under the cost method and includes such treasury stock as a component of the
              shareholders’ equity.




                                                           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.         Interim Report 2024           59
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




25   TRADE PAYABLES
     Trade payables primarily include payables for inventories and outsourcing service fees. As at June 30, 2024 and
     December 31, 2023, the carrying amounts of trade payables were primarily denominated in RMB.

     Trade payables and their aging analysis based on invoice date are as follows:

                                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                                        June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Audited)

     Up to 3 months                                                                     351,181           578,906
     3 to 6 months                                                                      191,221           222,511
     Over 6 months                                                                      482,151           241,772


                                                                                       1,024,553        1,043,189

26   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                                        June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Audited)

     Payroll payables                                                                    31,694           106,356
     Listing expenses payables                                                            8,523            36,922
     Other taxes payables                                                                10,700            78,781
     Expense reimbursement payable to employees                                           3,722             5,455
     Payable to third party hardware suppliers (Note 20(a))                              40,693            40,358
     Accrual expenses and others                                                          1,293             2,725
     Payable to a related party (Note 32 (b))                                             8,500                 –


                                                                                        105,125           270,597

     The carrying amounts of other payables approximated their fair values as at June 30, 2024 and December 31,
     2023. Other payables were primarily denominated in RMB.




60      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




27   BORROWINGS
                                                                                                             As at                   As at
                                                                                                          June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)                (Audited)

     Included in current liabilities
     Secured borrowings (Note (a))                                                                            10,000                   11,500
     Factoring borrowings                                                                                        300                    6,030
     Unsecured borrowings (Note (b))                                                                          25,817                   78,717


                                                                                                              36,117                   96,247


     Included in non-current liabilities
     Secured borrowings (Note (a))                                                                                   –                 12,500

     Notes:

     (a)      As at June 30, 2024, borrowings of RMB10,000,000 (As at December 31, 2023: RMB24,000,000) were secured by the pledge over
              certain patent rights of the Group. The effective interest rate of these borrowings was 4.00%–4.25% (As at December 31, 2023: 4.25%-
              4.85%) per annum.

     (b)      As at June 30, 2024, unsecured borrowings comprise of short-term unsecured borrowings of RMB25,817,000 (As at December 31, 2023:
              RMB63,717,000) which bear fixed interest rates ranged from 3.55% to 4.20% (As at December 31, 2023: 3.75% to 4.50%) per annum. As
              at December 31, 2023, the Group also had interest-free borrowings of RMB15,000,000.


28   OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                             As at                   As at
                                                                                                          June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)                (Audited)

     Payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                  30,769                    58,888
     Less: current portion included in other current liabilities                                             (30,769)                  (41,449)


                                                                                                                     –                 17,439




                                                           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.          Interim Report 2024          61
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




29   COMMITMENTS
     Capital commitments contracted for at the balance sheet date but not yet incurred are as follows:

                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                        June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                           2024                 2023
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Investments                                                                           12,000              12,000

30   DIVIDENDS

     No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during each of the six months ended June 30, 2024 and
     2023.

31   PARTIAL DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
     On February 9, 2024, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with Ningbo Herong Shengjing
     Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) for the transfer of the Group’s 22% (out of the total of
     66%) equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei, a subsidiary of the Company, and its consolidated subsidiaries with a
     consideration of RMB88,000,000 (the “partial disposal”). The transaction was completed on April 1, 2024 with an
     aggregate net gain of approximately RMB31,545,000. Upon completion of the partial disposal, Zhongneng Shibei
     Technology ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and the Group continues to have significant influence on
     Zhongneng Shibei Technology through the Group’s representative in the board of directors of Zhongneng Shibei
     Technology. Accordingly, the Group’s remaining 44% equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei Technology with a fair
     value of approximately RMB167,200,000 was transferred as an investment accounted for using the equity method.

     The consideration of the transaction will be paid by instalments prior to December 31, 2026. As of June 30,
     2024, consideration of RMB10,000,000 had been received by the Group in accordance with the agreed payment
     schedule. The current and non-current portion of remaining receivables arising from the equity transfer amounted to
     RMB9,769,000 (Note 20) and RMB62,366,000 (Note 22), respectively.




62      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                               NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




31   PARTIAL DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
     The assets and liabilities derecognized as a result of the partial disposal of subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                                                                        As at
                                                                                                                       April 1,
                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                     RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (Unaudited)

     Non-current assets
     Intangible assets                                                                                                   37,281
     Contract assets                                                                                                     16,086
     Other non-current assets                                                                                             6,854


                                                                                                                         60,221


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                                                                        134,503
     Contract assets                                                                                                     49,603
     Trade receivables                                                                                                  196,815
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            7,545
     Other current assets                                                                                                13,248


                                                                                                                        401,714


     Total assets                                                                                                       461,935


     Non-current liabilities
     Lease liabilities                                                                                                    1,648
     Borrowings                                                                                                          16,750


                                                                                                                         18,398


     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                                                                      83,048
     Other payables and accruals                                                                                        114,412
     Borrowings                                                                                                          58,500
     Other current liabilities                                                                                            2,622


                                                                                                                        258,582


     Total liabilities                                                                                                  276,980




                                                   Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024        63
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




31   PARTIAL DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
     Details of partial disposal of the subsidiaries:

                                                                                        Period from
                                                                                   January 1, 2024
                                                                                    to April 1, 2024
                                                                                          RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)

     Consideration received or receivable:
     Cash received                                                                          10,000
     Discounted value of consideration receivable                                           70,503


     Total disposal consideration                                                           80,503


     Fair value of the Group’s remaining equity interest                                   167,200
     Carrying amount of net assets disposed                                               (122,070)
     Goodwill disposed                                                                      (94,088)


     Gains on partial disposal of subsidiaries                                              31,545

     Reconciliation of the cash flows from partial disposal of the subsidiaries:

                                                                                       Six months
                                                                                   ended June 30,
                                                                                             2024
                                                                                         RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)

     Cash received                                                                          10,000
     Cash disposed                                                                          (7,545)


     Cash flows from partial disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                  2,455




64      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024
                                                NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or
     exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operation decisions. Parties are also
     considered to be related if they are subject to common control. Members of key management and their close family
     members of the Group are also considered as related parties.

     The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the periods
     presented. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the
     normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

     (a)    Names and relationships with related parties
            The following companies are related parties of the Group that had transactions and/or balances with the
            Group during the for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023.

            Names of the major related parties                       Relationship


            Yijing Zhilian (Suzhou) Technology Co., Ltd.             Associate of the Group
               (“Yijing Zhilian”, formerly known as Yijing Zhilian
               (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.)
            Shanghai Laike Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.             Associate of the Group (a subsidiary of the Group prior
               (“Laike Paradigm”)                                      to May 2023)
            Beijing Data Element Intelligent Technology              Associate of the Group (newly invested in April 2023)
               Co., Ltd. (“Data Element”)
            Zhongneng Shibei Technology                              Associate of the Group (a subsidiary of the Group prior
                                                                       to April 2024)
            Lianxu Qi                                                Non-controlling shareholder and management
                                                                       of the Group




                                                    Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024   65
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (b)      Major transactions with related parties
                                                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                    2024                       2023
                                                                                                                RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                              (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

              (i)     Sales of goods and services
                      Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                                                        762                          —


              (ii) Purchases of goods and services
                   Yijing Zhilian                                                                                          –                        849
                   Laike Paradigm                                                                                          –                        881
                   Data Element                                                                                          698                        698


                                                                                                                         698                     2,428


              (iii) Loan to a related party
                    Loan to Zhongneng Shibei Technology:
                    At beginning of the period                                                                           —                            —
                    Additions (Note (a))                                                                             35,000                           —
                    Interest charged                                                                                     51                           —


                      At end of the period                                                                           35,051                           —


                      Advance from a non-controlling shareholder:
                      At beginning of the period                                                                           –                           –
                      Additions                                                                                        8,500                           –


                      At end of the period                                                                             8,500                           –

              Note:

              (a)       In 2021 and 2023, the Group advanced an amount of RMB35,000,000 to Zhongneng Shibei Technology borrowed, which was
                        eliminated in the consolidated statements prior to the Partial Disposal of the equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei Technology (Note
                        31). Subsequent to the completion of the Partial Disposal, the amount has been presented as an amount due from a related party
                        in the balance sheet (Note 20).




66         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.            Interim Report 2024
                                            NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (c)   Major balances with related parties
                                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                                         June 30,           December 31,
                                                                                            2024                   2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)               (Audited)



           (i)   Trade receivables from related parties
                 Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                                    1,125                     —


           (ii) Prepayments and other receivables from related parties
                Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                                    35,224                     —
                Data Element                                                                      259                      –


                                                                                               35,483                      –


           (iii) Trade payables to related parties
                 Yijing Zhilian                                                                  890                   1,160
                 Data Element                                                                    680                     970
                 Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                                     394                      —


                                                                                                1,964                  2,130

     (d)   Key management personnel compensation
           The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other key management personnel is as follows:

                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2024                     2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

           Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                          7,904                 11,486
           Contributions to pension plans                                                         309                    320
           Other social security costs, housing benefits and
             other employee benefits                                                             437                    450


                                                                                                8,650                 12,256

33   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
     The Group had no significant events after the reporting period and up to the date of the approval of the unaudited
     interim condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.    Interim Report 2024       67
DEFINITIONS




In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings. These
expressions and their definitions may not correspond to any industry standard definitions, and may not be directly
comparable to similarly titled terms adopted by other companies operating in the same industries as the Company.

“associate(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”                the audit committee of the Board

“Beijing Innovation”             Beijing Innovation Works Investment Center (Limited Partnership)* (北京創新工場創業投資
                                 中心（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on May 22, 2015, one of our
                                 Pre-IPO Investors

“Beijing New Wisdom”             Beijing New Wisdom Pilot Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京新智領航管理諮詢有限
                                 公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on April 9, 2020, being the sole
                                 general partner of our Employment Incentive Platform and owned as to 99.0% by Dr. Dai
                                 and 1.0% by his spouse, respectively, and one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Board” or “Board of             the board of Directors
  Directors”

“China” or “PRC”                 the People’s Republic of China, for the purpose of this report and for geographical reference
                                 only, excluding Hong Kong and Macao Special Administrative Regions and Taiwan

“Company”,                       Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd. (北京第四範式智能技術股份有限公司), a
  “the Company” or               company incorporated in the PRC limited liability on September 17, 2014 and converted
  “our Company”                  into a joint stock limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on July 9, 2021, whose
                                 predecessor was 北京第四範式智能技術有限公司

“Director(s)” or “our            the director(s) of the Company
  Director(s)”

“Domestic Share(s)”              domestic unlisted shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each in the ordinary share
                                 capital of the Company

“Dr. Dai”                        Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵), the chairman of the Board, an executive Director, chief executive
                                 officer and one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Employee Incentive              Paradigm Investment and Nanjing Paradigm, the beneficial interests of which are offered to
  Platforms”                     certain key employees of the Company pursuant to the Employee Incentive Scheme, and
                                 Paradigm Investment is one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Employee Incentive              the employee incentive scheme of our Company approved and adopted by our Board
  Scheme”                        on April 25, 2021, a summary of the principal terms of which is set forth in “Statutory
                                 and General Information – Further information about our Directors, Supervisors, Senior
                                 Management and Substantial Shareholders – 5. Employee Incentive Scheme” in Appendix
                                 VI to this Prospectus




68          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                         DEFINITIONS




“Global Offering”     the global offering of the H Shares in Hong Kong as described in the Prospectus

“Group” “our Group”   our Company and our subsidiaries (or our Company and any one or more of our
  “we” or “us”        subsidiaries, as the context may require)

“Guoxin Qidi”         Henan Guoxin Qidi Equity Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) (河南國新啟迪股權投資基
                      金（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on August 2, 2017

“H Share(s)”          overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of
                      RMB1.00 each, which is/are to be subscribed for and traded in HK dollars and to be listed
                      on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“HK$”                 Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong” or “HK”   the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Stock      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong
  Exchange” or        Exchanges and Clearing Limited
  “Stock Exchange”

“HongShan”            a reference to the HongShan funds and entities that are engaged in activities related to
                      investing and are principally focused on companies located in, or with connections to, the
                      PRC

“IFRS”                the International Financial Reporting Standards, which include standards, amendments
                      and interpretations promulgated by International Accounting Standards Board and
                      the International Accounting Standards and interpretations issued by the International
                      Accounting Standards Committee

“Listing”             listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”        September 28, 2023, on which our H Shares are listed and from which dealings therein are
                      permitted to take place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules” or    the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, as
  “Hong Kong          amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
  Listing Rules”

“Main Board”          the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Hong Kong Stock
                      Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with Growth Enterprise
                      Market of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Nanjing Paradigm”    Nanjing Paradigm Enterprises Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南
                      京範式企業管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                      December 29, 2022, and an Employee Incentive Platform of which Paradigm New Wisdom is
                      the sole general partner




                                          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024     69
DEFINITIONS




“Paradigm Chuqi”              Tianjin Paradigm Chuqi Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津
                              範式出奇管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                              April 21, 2021, of which Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner, and it is one of our
                              Controlling Shareholders which is interested in more than one third of limited partnership
                              interest in Paradigm Investment

“Paradigm Investment”         Paradigm (Tianjin) Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (範式（天津）
                              管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), previously known as Paradigm (Ningbo Free Trade Zone)
                              Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (範式（寧波保稅區）投資合夥企業（有限合
                              夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on March 29, 2018, of which Beijing New
                              Wisdom is the sole general partner, and it is the Employee Incentive Platform and one of
                              our Controlling Shareholders

“Paradigm New Wisdom”         Beijing Paradigm New Wisdom Enterprises Management Co., Ltd. (北京範式新智企業管
                              理有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on January 12, 2023, being
                              the sole general partner of Nanjing Paradigm and owned as to 100% by Mr. Yu Hui (俞暉),
                              an Independent Third Party

“Paradigm Yinyuan”            Tianjin Paradigm Yinyuan Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津
                              範式隱元管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                              April 21, 2021, of which Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner, and one of our
                              Controlling Shareholders

“Prospectus”                  the prospectus dated September 18, 2023 issued by the Company in connection with
                              Hong Kong public offering under the Global Offering

“Purui Tianjin”               Purui Enterprise Management (Tianjin) Partnership (Limited Partnership) (樸瑞企業管理
                              （天津）合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on February 4,
                              2021, one of our Pre-IPO Investors

“Reporting Period”            for the six months ended June 30, 2024

“RMB” or “Renminbi”           Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Securities and               Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
  Futures Ordinance”          supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
  or “SFO”

“Share(s)”                    ordinary share(s) in the capital of our Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each

“Shareholder(s)”              holder(s) of shares

“subsidiary(ies)”             has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules




70       Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                          DEFINITIONS




“substantial                           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules
  shareholder(s)”

“Supervisor(s)”                        member(s) of our Supervisory Committee

“U.S.” or “United States”              the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
                                       jurisdiction

“U.S. dollar”, “US$” or                United States dollar, the lawful currency of the United States
  “USD”

“Zhongyi Equity Fund”                  Zhongyi Equity Fund (Hebei Xiongan) Partnership (Limited Partnership) (中移股權基金（河北
                                       雄安）合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on December 27,
                                       2019

“%”                                    Per cent.

For ease of reference, the names of Chinese laws and regulations, governmental authorities, institutions, natural persons or
other entities (including our subsidiary) have been included in this report in both the Chinese and English languages and in
the event of any inconsistency, the Chinese versions shall prevail.

Any difference between the arithmetical sum of individual figures and the aggregated figures in the tables in the report is
due to rounding.

*   For identification purposes only




                                                           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024     71
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS




“AI”                           artificial intelligence, simulation of human intelligence by machines

“AIGS”                         AI-Generated Software

“AIOT”                         artificial intelligence of things, the combination of the connectivity from the IOT with data-
                               driven knowledge obtained from AI

“algorithm”                    a procedure of formula for solving a problem, based on conducting a sequence of specified
                               actions

“cloud”                        the computers and connections that support cloud computing

“cloud computing”              the practice of storing computer data and programs on multiple servers that can be
                               accessed through the internet

“enterprise AI”                AI technologies and software applied by enterprises to address their business needs and
                               drive their digital and automation transformation

“IDC”                          International Data Corporation

“IOT”                          Internet of Things

“IT”                           information technology

“machine learning”             the scientific study of algorithms and statistical models that computer systems use to
                               effectively perform specific tasks without being explicitly programmed to do so

“platform-centric”             a type of AI solutions that come with an AI development platform in addition to AI
                               applications and underlying computing infrastructure

“R&D”                          Research and development




72        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.   Interim Report 2024
