Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
範式智能技術集團股份有限公司
(formerly known as“北京第四範式智能技術股份有限公司 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.”)
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Stock Code : 6682




                     2026 INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS
2    Corporate Information

4    Financial Highlights

5    Business Review and Outlook

14   Management Discussion and Analysis

25   Other Information
     Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and
38
        Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

84   Definitions

88   Glossary of Technical Terms
CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                  REGISTERED OFFICE
Executive Directors                                 Room 303, 3/F
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵) (Chairman, Chief Executive    Block A, Heying Center, Building 1, No. 10
  Officer and General Manager)                      Xiaoying West Road
Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強) (Chief Research Scientist)   Haidian District, Beijing
                                                    the PRC
Non-executive Directors
                                                    HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)
                                                    OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Mr. Dou Shuai (竇帥)
Mr. Zhang Jing (張晶)                                 Block A, Hongyuan New Era
                                                    Shangdi West Road
Independent Non-executive Directors                 Haidian District, Beijing
                                                    the PRC
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)
                                                    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Pan Jialin (潘嘉林)
                                                    HONG KONG
                                                    Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
Employee Representative Director                    33 Hysan Avenue
Mr. Chai Yifei (柴亦飛)                                Causeway Bay
                                                    Hong Kong
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                    H SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱) (Chairman)
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                Tricor Investor Services Limited
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                 17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                    16 Harcourt Road
REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL                          Hong Kong
COMMITTEE
                                                    AUDITOR
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂) (Chairperson)
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                 Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)                                Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                    Units 4301-4307, 43/F
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                COSCO Tower
                                                    183 Queen’s Road Central
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂) (Chairperson)                     Hong Kong
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵)
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
STRATEGY COMMITTEE                                  Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
                                                    Suites 3203-3209, 32/F
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵) (Convenor)                    Edinburgh Tower
Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強)                              The Landmark
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                 15 Queen’s Road Central
                                                    Central
                                                    Hong Kong




         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
2        Interim Report 2026
                                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION




AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵)
Ms. Yeung Siu Wai Kitty (楊小慧)

COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Yeung Siu Wai Kitty (楊小慧)

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
China Merchants Bank, Haidian Branch
No. 56, North 4th Ring Road West,
Beijing, the PRC

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Haidian West
District Branch
No. 65, North 4th Ring Road West,
Beijing, the PRC

STOCK CODE
6682

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
phancy.ai




                                                        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                            Interim Report 2026
                                                                                  3
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                              For the six months ended June 30,
                                                          2026           2025
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)      (unaudited)

Revenue                                             3,765,294        2,626,497
Gross profit                                        1,233,351          990,407
Operating profit/(loss)                               136,417           (84,882)
Profit/(loss) before income tax                       126,214           (75,349)
Profit/(loss) for the period                          128,346           (73,894)

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                        As at            As at
                                                     June 30,    December 31,
                                                        2026             2025
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                  (unaudited)         (audited)

Assets
Non-current assets                                  4,811,421        2,324,031
Current assets                                      7,319,125        6,968,798


Total assets                                       12,130,546        9,292,829


Liabilities
Non-current liabilities                               285,386          203,603
Current liabilities                                 2,705,114        1,585,523


Total liabilities                                   2,990,500        1,789,126


Total equity and liabilities                       12,130,546        9,292,829




           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
4          Interim Report 2026
                                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




BUSINESS REVIEW
In the first half of 2026, the Company’s revenue growth accelerated significantly and its profitability continued to improve,
with efficient synergy across its three major business segments. The Company recorded revenue of RMB3,765 million,
representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 43.4%.

During the Reporting Period, the three major business segments worked in synergy. The AI Platform, as the core
business, achieved revenue of RMB3,088 million, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 30.0%. Notably,
the API business generated revenue of RMB464 million in the first half of the year, a substantial year-on-year increase of
approximately 860.8%. It is rapidly becoming one of the most important growth engines and a key factor behind Phancy’s
revenue significantly exceeding expectations. The Agentic AI business remained stable, with revenue of RMB214 million
during the period, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 4.9%.

During the Reporting Period, the Company recorded a net profit attributable to the parent of RMB119 million, achieving
a successful turnaround to profitability from the same period last year and marking a milestone breakthrough in its
commercialization.

Phancy has grown into a leading high-quality and high-efficiency third-party Token Factory in China, with its API (Model
as a Service: “MaaS”) business achieving leapfrog rapid growth. This rapid growth is primarily driven by the Company’s
comprehensive, end-to-end capabilities system with no shortcomings. Leveraging our two core technologies, HAMi vGPU
computing power optimization and ModelHub model optimization, we have built an efficient Token production foundation.
Under the same computing power conditions, we can produce more and higher-quality Tokens, establishing our core
technical moats.

Based on this end-to-end capability, we have formed three core differentiating advantages that continuously drive
accelerated business growth.

First, industry-leading scale. As a first-tier third-party MaaS service provider in China, we continue to consolidate our large-
scale operational advantages, laying a solid foundation for the high-speed growth of our API business.

Second, strong growth momentum. Relying on a high-quality supply chain, stable resource costs, and diversified channels,
coupled with the full-chain optimization capabilities of our dual technology foundations, we have broken free from linear
growth and achieved leapfrog development in our Token and API businesses.

Third, a distinctive full-chain moat. Unlike industry players who focus on isolated points of strength, Phancy has built a
complete end-to-end closed loop covering computing power, models, production, delivery, and channels – leaving no
weak links, widening the competitive gap, and securing our leadership position.




                                                                                              Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                              5
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Overall outstanding performance: In the first half of the year, API business revenue increased by 860.8% year-on-year,
Token consumption grew by approximately 620% year-on-year, and available computing power resources expanded
to 28,000 PFLOPS. Leveraging our complete end-to-end core capabilities, the Company’s leading position as a Token
Factory has been continuously strengthened. Its business growth flywheel has accelerated across the board, and a clear
trajectory of rapid growth has been established.

In addition, the AI Platform business achieved high-quality growth, with revenue increasing steadily and rapidly, while the
gross profit margin remained stable. Operational quality and technical barriers were enhanced in tandem. In the first half
of the year, the segment’s scale expanded steadily and its profitability showed strong resilience. Built upon the continuous
iteration of our four core products – Sage Platform, vGPU, ModelHub, and PhanRouter – our technological moat has
deepened. This is reflected in the following four aspects:

First, rapidly growing market share of our core products. The number of customers identifying vGPU as their primary
deployment need grew approximately 5 times year-on-year. As computing power management becomes a core necessity
for enterprise AI deployment, Phancy has emerged as the industry’s preferred service provider, thanks to its mature
solutions in computing power and model foundation, powerfully supporting the continued expansion of its business scale.

Second, better customer reputation and higher operating efficiency, driving both scale and profit growth. Product
recognition continues to rise, and the number of proactive customers has increased significantly. Relying on word-of-mouth
driven organic growth, we have effectively driven steady and rapid revenue growth. At the same time, the sales expense
ratio has declined significantly and operating efficiency has continued to improve. This has provided a strong support for
maintaining a stable gross profit margin, achieving parallel progress in both scale growth and stable profitability.

Third, accelerated technology iteration leading to a continuous rise in R&D barriers. The iteration pace of our four core
products continues to accelerate, along with the improving efficiency of technology implementation and commercialization,
further strengthening the Company’s technological leadership in AI computing power and model services.

Fourth, significantly enhanced financing capabilities and ample capital reserves. More diverse financing channels of the
Company: A substantial increase in credit lines and a prominent advantage in financing costs have provided sufficient
financial support for computing power investment, technology R&D, and business expansion.

Overall, the AI Platform segment has firmly adhered to the core strategy of rapid revenue growth and stable gross profit
margin, achieving simultaneous improvements in revenue, customers, and efficiency, while continuously optimizing
expenses and strengthening technical barriers. The Company’s positive business flywheel continues to accelerate,
demonstrating a high-quality and steady growth trend.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
6         Interim Report 2026
                                                                                           BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




PERFORMANCE BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS
I.   AI Platform (PaaS, the Core Growth Driver)
     Core Products: The platform encompasses a full-stack, end-to-end product matrix, including PhanthyCloud,
     HAMi vGPU, ModelHub XC, SageAIOS, Sage Ontology, SageSHIFT, and SageAIGS. This integrated matrix spans
     the entire AI process from model development and deployment to computing power support, serving as the
     cornerstone of the Company’s business development.

     As the Company’s core business pillar, the AI Platform delivered its key operational highlight in the first half of the
     year – steady, rapid revenue growth with a stabilizing gross profit margin.

     On the financial front, the AI Platform business revenue in the first half of the year was RMB3,088 million, a stable
     and rapid year-on-year growth of 30.0%. Orders on hand reached RMB7 billion. These orders lock in a high-quality
     and stable gross profit level – firmly validating our core achievement of rapid revenue growth with a stabilizing gross
     profit margin.

     Customer coverage continued to broaden, the number of paying customers increased steadily, and top-tier,
     high-quality customers were the core pillar of order growth. Customer expansion is closely aligned with the
     industrialization of AI, reinforcing our fundamentals of rapid revenue growth and gross profit margin stabilization, and
     solidifying a strong and resilient core business. Among them, the number of paying customers with RISE vGPU (the
     commercial version of HAMi) as their primary need increased by approximately 5 times year-on-year. With surging
     demand for domestic heterogeneous computing power, high-value orders in computing power management
     continue to materialize, further reinforcing the segment’s core profile of rapid revenue growth and gross profit margin
     stabilization.

     From an industrial policy perspective, China’s vigorous development of new quality productive forces and the full
     implementation of the “AI+” initiative, combined with the top-level deployment of computing power infrastructure
     in the 15th Five-Year Plan, are driving all industries to accelerate their deployment of industry-specific computing
     power, directly fueling a continuous and stable increase in demand for AI platforms. The intelligent transformation
     of enterprises requires the deep integration of AI into core production processes to upgrade real-world scenarios,
     creating vast opportunities for industrial AI adoption. According to IDC data, China’s enterprise-level IT market has
     reached US$230.3 billion in 2025 and is projected to reach US$411.4 billion by 2029, with the private cloud market
     reaching US$77.7 billion, representing an industry CAGR of approximately 19%. During the 15th Five-Year Plan
     period, the continued penetration of new quality productive forces and the “AI+” initiative will consistently unlock
     enterprise demand for computing power construction, bringing us solid market growth. Phancy firmly stands in
     the industry’s first tier, with multi-layered competitive moats, proven technology deployment experience, a strong
     customer base and reputation, as well as notable strengths in compute supply chain and financial resources.




                                                                                           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                           7
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




II.   API Business (Pay-as-you-go, the Fastest-growing Driver)
      Core Products: With Phanthy as the core platform, complemented by PhanRouter and PhanClaw, the Company
      has established a comprehensive Token-based payment ecosystem. Each of the three products plays a distinct
      role, while operating in synergy. Leveraging the technological capabilities of the Sage Platform, they enable seamless
      integration between Tokens and core products, facilitating scenario-based monetisation.

      Over the past six months, the API business has seen rapid revenue growth, continuously strengthened competitive
      barriers, and a steady increase in gross profit margin. This segment has become a core growth engine for the
      Group. This high-growth trajectory is validated across three key dimensions:

      First, strong growth across all core operating metrics, entering the scaling era. In the first half of the year, Token
      revenue grew rapidly, and the average daily Token consumption increased quarter by quarter. The continuous
      release of demand in scenarios such as programming, multi-modality, and entertainment has led to a significant
      improvement in the quality and predictability of API revenue. We have built a layered and balanced multi-level
      customer ecosystem. The API is compatible with a vast number of open-source models, offering customers flexibility
      in their choices. In addition, based on model modalities and usage scenarios, we have implemented a refined, multi-
      dimensional pricing system to cover all types of customers. Large key accounts provide a stable base of usage,
      with sufficient long-term framework orders; and the rapid expansion of the ecosystem of small and medium-sized
      enterprises and developers allows us to cover a massive number of long-tail individual users at low cost through our
      own platform and third-party collaborations.

      Second, dual core moats built on robust supply chain and system capabilities, cementing long-term
      competitiveness. On the supply chain side: We adopt an architecture of “self-owned computing power as the
      core, supplemented by hybrid elastic computing power for peak demand”. Card types are adapted for high-margin
      business scenarios, and we have a full-stack portfolio of IT infrastructure computing power, possessing complete
      delivery capabilities in this area. As of the end of June, our available computing power has seen a significant, step-
      wise increase. Our credit line was approximately RMB6.6 billion. Diversified, low-cost financing has provided strong
      support for computing power expansion. System: The API business and AI Platform share the core technologies
      accumulated over years in compute scheduling and inference optimization. Our system service availability ranks in
      the first tier of the industry, and our latency performance under high concurrency is better than the industry average.
      We can provide customized SLA for large-scale clients, stably handle large-volume, high-frequency Token calls, and
      our system capabilities have been fully validated through serving large enterprise customers.

      Third, end-to-end strength, no weak links – building a full-chain cost edge, with API margin on an upward
      trajectory. The advantages stem from two aspects: (1) no shortcomings in the full chain of technology and supply
      chain. Efficiency is maximized in every link, from computing power procurement and scheduling to inference. As
      computing power continues to ramp up, we continuously increase per-card output and reduce per-card operating
      cost through self-developed technologies such as computing power virtualization, pooling, full-chain scheduling,
      and off-peak orchestration. (2) no shortcomings in our ecological niche. We are not constrained by a single type of
      computing power or model, allowing us to flexibly select the optimal computing power and models. By aggregating
      Token demand from multiple scenarios and models, we maximize overall resource efficiency. The Phanthy model
      ecosystem further amplifies this value.

      Coupled with favorable external conditions such as tight industry supply of computing power and a continuously
      increasing proportion of high-value customers, these factors jointly support the long-term, steady upward trend of
      the API business’s profit margin.




         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
8        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                            BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




III.   Agentic AI Business (Result as a Service)
       Agentic AI follows Phancy’s consistent business selection logic: we focus on a select few industry scenarios
       that offer high strategic value and can accumulate high-quality vertical data, achieving a two-way closed loop
       between business deployment and data accumulation.

       In terms of business model, we adopt “Result as a Service”, which is a pay-by-results model. Rather than merely
       selling off-the-shelf AI products, we embed deeply into our clients’ core business processes, leveraging AI to help
       them reduce costs, improve efficiency, and increase revenue, and share in the value we create through a revenue-
       sharing model.

       After a period of intensive implementation, we have now accumulated a large amount of real-world business
       feedback data from two core scenarios: new energy power and film & entertainment. This high-quality, highly
       applicable vertical data is a core asset for iterating and optimizing our underlying models. In the future, we will
       continue to accumulate scenario data and refine our business implementation capabilities. Massive amounts of
       real-world scenario data will be used to continuously feed back into the iteration and upgrading of our large-scale
       models, constantly improving their scenario adaptability, practicality, and intelligence. This enables our AI solutions
       to continuously evolve, replicate, and scale. At the same time, deep business integration has further strengthened
       customer stickiness, laying a solid foundation for long-term cooperation. In terms of business focus, we have deeply
       established the new energy power sector as our core vertical. In the first half of the year, we focused on and actively
       expanded into the film and entertainment sector, rapidly completing scenario deployment and data accumulation.
       Our overall business will adhere to a highly focused development strategy, precisely targeting high-quality scenarios
       that can create long-term value and have scaling potential. We will invest steadily and cultivate these areas to build
       the Company’s mid-to-long-term core growth reserve.

STRATEGIC OUTLOOK
Since its establishment in 2014, the Company has always adhered to a customer-centric approach and has grounded
its development in addressing the real pain points enterprises face in deploying AI. Throughout our development, we
have continuously evolved our capabilities in line with industry advancements: from building private deployment models
for clients in the early days, to managing and optimizing computing power resources, and now to achieving compatibility
and adaptation with heterogeneous computing power and various large models. In every cycle of the AI industry’s
development, we have consistently focused on our clients’ most pressing and practical challenges. Many of our clients
have shared that choosing Phancy gives them long-term certainty and a sense of trust – having seen us effectively address
and resolve challenges at every stage along the way, they are confident that we will continue to have the capability to serve
them as new needs and new challenges emerge in their AI evolution over the next five to ten years. It is precisely based on
this long-term trust that the Company has cultivated a large, highly loyal, and sticky customer base over the past decade.

In 2026, with the advent of the AI agent era, the industry is undergoing a profound transformation, continuously expanding
the demand for Token-related services. Based on this trend, the Company has completed a forward-looking strategic
framework, continuously increased its investment in computing power. Additionally, a Token Factory has been built based
on our proprietary core technology in computing power infrastructure, driving high-speed growth in our API business.
We will seize this industrial development opportunity to accelerate the construction of our Token Factory and focus on
cultivating the Company’s second growth curve. Leveraging the same set of proprietary underlying technologies, we will
simultaneously support the sustained growth of both growth curves.




                                                                                             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                            9
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




AI is advancing at an unprecedented pace, and the Company firmly believes that it will seize this momentum and embark
on a path of accelerated growth. At the same time, the Company will remain prudent in its operations, balancing computing
power capital expenditures with profit realization, and focusing on market segments that can deliver stable profitability.
We will continue to create stable, sustainable long-term value for our Shareholders. Looking at the medium to long-term,
enterprise AI adoption will gradually enter an era of hybrid deployment. As an infrastructure that ensures enterprise data
security and business autonomy and control, the private deployment foundation will see solid long-term demand support.
Meanwhile, the increasing popularity of AI agents will drive the continuous expansion of demand for Token services,
creating a synergistic resonance between these two business sectors.

The Company will continue to strengthen its core underlying capabilities in heterogeneous computing management and
multi-model adaptation. On one front, it will deepen its existing private deployment business and continue to solidify long-
term partnerships with loyal clients; and on the other front, it will steadily drive the scaled deployment of the Token Factory,
closing the business loop from compute infrastructure to standardized Token services. Building on its long-standing
technological moats and deep client relationships, the Company is well-positioned to capitalize on ongoing industry shifts,
achieving stable growth in its traditional core operations while driving continued breakthroughs in new businesses, and
ultimately fostering balanced, multi-layered growth across its overall performance.

R&D Updates
Phancy’s R&D has three key characteristics: cutting-edge technology, deep barriers, and sustained high investment. First,
our core technology direction is at the most critical and cutting-edge position in the current AI industry. As AI shifts from
model training to large-scale inference and application, the industry’s challenges are increasingly focused on computing
power utilization efficiency, heterogeneous computing power management, model adaptation, and inference efficiency.
Phancy’s highest R&D priority currently lies precisely at this layer: HAMi drives compute efficiency, while ModelHub drives
model efficiency – together, they form the foundation of our AI infrastructure. Second, our core technology has formed
deep barriers. HAMi has been in development since 2018, accumulating 8 years of continuous technology and has now
entered the CNCF Incubation stage; ModelHub has currently accumulated over 200,000 “model × chip” adaptation
combinations, and we have set a clear guideline to exceed one million next year. These capabilities are the result of
long-term engineering accumulation and are difficult to replicate by simply increasing R&D resources in the short term.
Third, we continue to maintain sustained, high-intensity R&D investment. More importantly, we will continue to focus
our R&D resources on fundamental, standardized, and reusable core capabilities like HAMi and ModelHub that can be
leveraged across products and customers. The purpose of this sustained investment is to constantly stay at the forefront
of technology and to transform our long-term R&D accumulation into increasingly deep and difficult-to-replicate technical
barriers. This has also been a central theme in Phancy’s technological evolution for over a decade. Phancy has always
positioned itself as an AI platform company – the only difference is the problems each generation of our platform is built to
solve. A decade ago, enterprises were more in need of models. Today, as large models become increasingly abundant,
the frontier challenge has shifted to how to manage compute power effectively and enable different models to run more
efficiently.

Phancy’s technological edge was not achieved overnight; it is the compound result of over a decade of AI engineering
experience and continuous R&D investment. Since our establishment in 2014, we have consistently invested in
addressing the most core issues of enterprise AI. The technological depth of HAMi today and ModelHub’s over 200,000
model adaptations are the result of accumulated time and engineering practice. Sustained investment keeps us at the
technological forefront, and over time, these capabilities solidify into deeper, harder-to-replicate barriers. The industry
leadership of HAMi and ModelHub is most directly reflected in three characteristics: a cutting-edge direction, long-term
investment, and the formation of deep barriers that are continuously being reinforced.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
10        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                            BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Let’s start with HAMi. It has mainly formed three-fold barriers: first, the technological depth resulting from long-term
accumulation; second, the unique ecosystem barrier formed by the open-source community; and third, sustained
technological leadership reinforced by the RISE commercial edition. First, long-term technological and engineering
accumulation. HAMi’s development began in 2018 and has since evolved from a single-point vGPU capability into a full
infrastructure for virtualization, partitioning, and scheduling across diverse AI compute resources – including GPUs, NPUs,
and more. The real difficulty lies in maintaining long-term stable operation across different chips, various workloads, and in
real commercial environments. These capabilities are difficult to replicate through short-term hiring or resource dumping.
For underlying infrastructure, time itself is a significant technical barrier. Second, open-source ecosystem, deepening the
moat. HAMi has entered the CNCF Incubation stage. The open-source community allows us to continuously engage with
different chips, developers, and production environments, bringing cutting-edge requirements back into our products and
further accelerating the speed and broadening the scope of our technology accumulation. Third, the commercial edition,
RISE vGPU, sustaining its technological leadership. For actual commercial deployment, RISE is continuously enhanced in
enterprise-grade capabilities such as resource scheduling, memory management, isolation, and stability. Through deep
adaptation and collaboration with various chip manufacturers, it covers more of the latest and most advanced chip models.
Therefore, HAMi’s leadership is not about a single parameter, but about achieving technological depth through long-
term investment, expanding its ecosystem advantage through the open-source community, and maintaining continuous
technological leadership with its commercial version. This three-layer capabilities stack forms deep, composite barriers.

ModelHub forms a barrier of scale. It has currently accumulated over 200,000 model adaptations, and we expect to
exceed the one-million mark next year. Once the scale reaches the million-level, the optimization experience from a vast
number of models, chips, inference frameworks, and real-world scenarios will form a systematic accumulation. We also
continue to invest in ModelHub, moving from “can it run” to “how to run it better and more efficiently,” and expanding to
a broader mainstream computing power ecosystem. Therefore, HAMi and ModelHub follow the same underlying logic:
consistently investing in cutting-edge infrastructure technology, allowing time and engineering practice to compound, and
ultimately building moats that grow deeper and harder to replicate.

AI technology changes very rapidly. A technological lead today can quickly be overtaken without continuous investment.
Accordingly, Phancy’s goal is not to lead at a single point in time, but to continuously stay at the forefront of technology
through sustained R&D and ecosystem feedback, while making our existing barriers even deeper. HAMi entering CNCF
Incubation and our engineering optimizations for mainstream inference ecosystems like SGLang and vLLM are all part of
this framework. As more developers, cloud vendors, and enterprises use these technologies on different chips, models,
and in various production environments, they will constantly raise new requirements for performance, compatibility, and
stability. We then quickly incorporate these cutting-edge requirements back into our products. This creates a continuously
reinforcing cycle: the more sustained the R&D investment, the faster we can absorb the industry’s most cutting-edge
changes; the broader the technology coverage, the more real-world feedback we receive; and the more real-world
feedback, the deeper our engineering accumulation and the higher our technical barriers become. The open-source
community helps us expand technology coverage and accelerate iteration, while commercial products like RISE vGPU and
ModelHub capture and internalize complex, high-value enterprise requirements. This year’s assessment of RISE vGPU
and ModelHub by the third-party organization Sullivan further corroborates our product capabilities in heterogeneous
computing power management and model management. Therefore, continuous investment, technological leadership, and
deep barriers are not three separate things. Continuous investment ensures our technology remains at the forefront, while
real-world scenarios and ecosystem feedback transform that leadership into increasingly deep barriers.




                                                                                             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                          11
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Sustaining a long-term technological edge and deep barriers requires continued, high-intensity R&D investment as the
bedrock. In the first half of 2026, the Company’s R&D investment reached RMB1,208 million, with an R&D expense ratio of
32.1%. R&D personnel accounted for 62% of our total employees, and we have accumulated over 500 invention patents.
Meanwhile, AI is also significantly amplifying our R&D capabilities. We have extensively deployed AI agents in our R&D
process, despite the fact that R&D efficiency had already increased year-on-year compared to 2025, the average coding
capacity per R&D personnel per unit of time in the first half of 2026 approximately doubled compared to that in 2025.
Although the number of R&D personnel has not grown significantly, our actual available R&D resources and development
capabilities have been markedly enhanced. AI agents are becoming important “digital employees” for our R&D teams,
continuously amplifying the capabilities of our R&D personnel. However, we are more focused on where the investment
goes and what it ultimately builds. R&D resources will continue to be prioritized for the most fundamental, cutting-edge,
highly standardized, and widely reusable platform capabilities, such as HAMi and ModelHub, rather than being dispersed
into one-off customized projects. Once a computing power optimization or model adaptation capability is developed, it
can simultaneously serve public cloud, private cloud, and various customers; the more usage scenarios there are, the
more real-world feedback is generated, which in turn drives further technological iteration. Therefore, our R&D investments
have a strong reuse and amplification effect. Sustained investment enables us to track and solve the most cutting-edge
problems, while long-term continuous investment gradually transforms these advanced technologies into technological
assets and engineering barriers that are difficult for others to replicate in the short term. Today’s R&D spending is not
merely a current-period expense, but an investment in building tomorrow’s technological barriers.

Ultimately, continuous R&D investment, technological leadership, and deep barriers must all be converted into commercial
value. As an independent third-party AI platform, Phancy is not tied to a single model or chip. The more diverse models and
computing power become, the higher the complexity for enterprises to handle adaptation, scheduling, and optimization
themselves. This, in turn, highlights the value of our cutting-edge infrastructure capabilities like HAMi and ModelHub,
which are built on long-term investment. In enterprise private clouds, HAMi and ModelHub help customers improve
computing power utilization, accelerate model deployment, and reduce total cost of ownership. In our public cloud API
MaaS business, HAMi enhances computing power efficiency and ModelHub improves model-running efficiency. Together,
they directly determine the production efficiency of our Token Factory. The ability to produce more, higher-quality Tokens
with the same unit of computing power means lower unit costs and greater potential for profitability. Therefore, there is a
very direct link between Phancy’s R&D and commercialization: maintaining technological leadership through sustained,
high-intensity investment in the most core, cutting-edge AI infrastructure technologies; forming increasingly deep and
difficult-to-replicate barriers through long-term engineering accumulation; and ultimately transforming these into higher-
quality, more efficient, and lower-cost AI capabilities. In the long run, the direction of “AI for Everyone” remains unchanged.
We will continue to maintain high R&D investment, stay at the forefront of technology, and constantly deepen our core
technical moats. Ultimately, through our platform and infrastructure capabilities, we will continue to lower the barriers to AI
production and use, enabling more enterprises to truly adopt AI at scale.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
12        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                            BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
The Board places great importance on corporate sustainable development capabilities. It firmly believes that a robust ESG
management system serves as the important foundation for effectively fulfilling environmental and social responsibilities.
The Group has integrated sustainable development principles into its corporate strategy. The Group continuously reviews
the progress of ESG initiatives and evaluates their effectiveness, while continuously strengthening sustainability risk
management to address business demand adjustments arising from climate change, technological advancements, and
changes in operating costs. The Group also continuously enhances its employees’ awareness of ESG practices in strategy
and operations through various means. To better manage the Group’s ESG performance, identify potential risks, and
support the Board in deepening ESG governance, the Group has established a top-down governance structure comprising
the Board, an ESG Working Group, and business departments, thereby continuously advancing the implementation of
ESG-related initiatives.

Phancy is keenly aware of the significant role of AI technology in promoting a low-carbon social transformation and
sustainable development. Leveraging our leading AI technologies, products, and services, we are committed to assisting
carbon-intensive enterprises in achieving their green transformation within sectors, such as energy, manufacturing, and
transportation. Building on this foundation, the Group actively fulfills its social responsibilities by continuously investing
financial, human, and material resources in areas such as public safety, culture and education, and environmental
protection, thereby serving the needs of society and the public. At the same time, the Group remains focused on its core
business. By leveraging technology to support community development and promote fairness and inclusiveness, the Group
strives to advance the application of AI technologies in a wider range of public scenarios, giving back to society through
concrete actions.

In addition, Phancy received the “ESG Sustainable Development Excellence Enterprise Award” at the 2025 Jinge Award
for its innovative AI applications in ecological protection and disaster prevention. In the future, the Group will coordinate
supply chain management and strengthen industry technology exchanges and collaboration. Through these efforts, it aims
to advance responsible AI and jointly promote the high-quality development of the AI industry. The Group will continue to
integrate ESG principles into the entire process of technology R&D and business implementation. It will explore pathways
for AI for Good in more sectors, leverage AI to address social pain points, and truly achieve the vision of AI for Everyone.




                                                                                             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                          13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL REVIEW
In the first half of 2026, despite the uncertainties in the global economy, our industry position and brand influence in the AI
field continued to grow and our business scale maintained steady expansion. Our total revenue increased by 43.4% year-
on-year to RMB3,765.3 million as compared with the first half of 2025.

While achieving stable growth in revenue, we focused on cost control and resource optimization, striving to promote the
continuous improvement of the Group’s operational efficiency. During the first half of 2026, we recorded profit for the
period of RMB128.3 million, marking a turnaround from a loss in the corresponding period of 2025 to a profit. Adding back
share-based compensation expenses, our adjusted net profit for the period was RMB159.9 million, compared with an
adjusted net loss of RMB50.6 million for the same period in 2025.

Revenue
The Company currently operates three core business lines, namely AI Platform, API business and Agentic AI business.
During the Reporting Period, our total revenue amounted to RMB3,765.3 million (same period in 2025: RMB2,626.5
million), representing a year-on-year increase of 43.4%. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue by
business segment for the periods indicated.

                                                                     Six months            Six months
                                                                          ended                 ended
                                                                        June 30,              June 30,
                                                                           2026                  2025                Change
                                                                    RMB million            RMB million
                                                                     (unaudited)            (unaudited)

AI Platform                                                               3,087.7               2,374.4               30.0%
API business                                                                463.9                  48.3              860.8%
Agentic AI business                                                         213.7                 203.8                4.9%


Total                                                                     3,765.3               2,626.5               43.4%

AI Platform
During the Reporting Period, revenue from the AI Platform business amounted to RMB3,087.7 million (same period in
2025: RMB2,374.4 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 30.0%, mainly due to the increasing demand in the
overall AI market and the empowerment of our products through the Company’s large model and generative AI capabilities.

API Business
During the Reporting Period, revenue from the API business amounted to RMB463.9 million (same period in 2025:
RMB48.3 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 860.8%. Revenue from the API business as a percentage of total
revenue increased from 1.8% for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to 12.3% for the six months ended June 30, 2026,
mainly due to the surge in demand for Tokens.

Agentic AI Business
During the Reporting Period, revenue from the Agentic AI business amounted to RMB213.7 million (same period in 2025:
RMB203.8 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 4.9%, which remained stable.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
14        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Cost of Sales
Our cost of sales consists primarily of (i) cost of finished goods sold, primarily representing procurement cost of hardware
components from third-party vendors; (ii) cloud service and computing costs; (iii) employee benefit expenses, representing
wages and benefits of our implementation and maintenance personnel for our enterprise AI solutions; and (iv) others.

During the Reporting Period, our cost of sales amounted to RMB2,531.9 million (same period in 2025: RMB1,636.1
million), representing a year-on-year increase of 54.8%. Our cost of sales increased in line with the growth in our total
revenue, mainly driven by our hardware procurement costs and computing costs.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
For the first half of 2026, our gross profit increased from RMB990.4 million for the same period in 2025 to RMB1,233.4
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.5%. Our gross profit margin changed from 37.7% for the same period in
2025 to 32.8%, mainly due to the increase in computing costs.

Selling and Marketing Expenses
During the Reporting Period, our selling and marketing expenses amounted to RMB28.3 million (same period in 2025:
RMB189.1 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 85.0%, mainly due to the reduction in advertising and
marketing expenses and employee benefit expenses.

Administrative Expenses
During the Reporting Period, our administrative expenses amounted to RMB90.5 million (same period in 2025: RMB86.4
million), representing a year-on-year increase of 4.7%, mainly due to the increase in share-based payment expenses.

Research and Development Expenses
As always, we have continued to invest in our core technology R&D to maintain our leading position in the industry and
our technological advancement. Our R&D expenses amounted to RMB1,208.3 million (same period in 2025: RMB893.4
million), representing a year-on-year increase of 35.2%.

(Provision for)/Reversals of Credit Loss Allowance, Net
Our (provision for)/reversals of credit loss allowance, net mainly includes the credit loss allowance on trade receivables,
contract assets and other receivables.

During the Reporting Period, our credit loss allowance, net amounted to RMB233.5 million, compared with a reversal of
RMB14.4 million for the same period in 2025, mainly due to an increase in credit loss allowance measured individually for
long-aged receivables and the growth in accounts receivable balances for business expansion. We made prudent loss
allowances in accordance with our accounting policies and relevant internal control procedures and will continue to closely
monitor the collection of receivables.




                                                                                           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                         15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Other Income
Our other income consists primarily of (i) government grants; and (ii) value-added tax and other tax refunds.

During the Reporting Period, our other income amounted to RMB14.1 million (same period in 2025: RMB41.6 million). The
decrease was mainly due to a decrease in value-added tax refunds received.

Other Gains, Net
Our other gains, net consist primarily of (i) fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) net
foreign exchange gains/(losses); (iii) gain on remeasurement of pre-existing investment; and (iv) gain on disposal of financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss.

During the Reporting Period, our other gains, net, amounted to RMB449.7 million (same period in 2025: RMB37.6 million),
representing a year-on-year increase of 1,095.4%, mainly due to the increase in fair value of the Company’s investment
projects.

Operating Profit/(Loss)
As a result of the foregoing, during the Reporting Period, our operating profit amounted to RMB136.4 million (same period
in 2025: loss of RMB84.9 million).

Finance Income
During the Reporting Period, our finance income amounted to RMB34.7 million (same period in 2025: RMB30.6 million),
representing a year-on-year increase of 13.2%, mainly due to the increase in interest income received on bank deposits.

Finance Costs
During the Reporting Period, our finance costs amounted to RMB9.7 million (same period in 2025: RMB1.4 million),
representing a year-on-year increase of 586.1%, mainly due to the addition of borrowings in the first half of 2026.

Profit/(Loss) for the Period
As a result of the foregoing, during the Reporting Period, our profit for the period amounted to RMB128.3 million (same
period in 2025: loss of RMB73.9 million).

Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance with IFRS, we also use adjusted
net profit/(loss) (a non-IFRS measure) as an additional financial measure that is not required by, or presented in accordance
with, IFRS. We believe that this non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of operating performance from period to period
and from company to company by eliminating the potential impact of certain items. We believe that this measure provides
useful information to investors in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as
our management. However, our presentation of adjusted net profit/(loss) (a non-IFRS measure) may not be comparable to
similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of this non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical
tool, and investors should not consider it in isolation from, or as a substitute for an analysis of, our results of operations or
financial condition as reported under IFRS.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
16        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Adjusted Profit/(Loss) for the Period
We define adjusted profit/(loss) for the period as profit/(loss) for the period adjusted by adding back share-based
compensation expenses.

The following table reconciles the non-IFRS measures presented for the periods indicated to the most directly comparable
financial measures prepared in accordance with IFRS.

                                                                  Six months             Six months
                                                                       ended                  ended
                                                                     June 30,               June 30,
                                                                        2026                   2025                     Change
                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)            (unaudited)

Profit/(loss) for the period                                          128,346                (73,894)    Turnaround to profit
Share-based compensation expenses                                      31,517                 23,274                 35.4%


Adjusted net profit/(loss)                                            159,863                (50,620)    Turnaround to profit


Profit/(loss) for the period attributable to
  owners of the Company                                               118,869                (66,973)    Turnaround to profit
Share-based compensation expenses                                      31,517                 23,274                 35.4%


Adjusted net profit/(loss) attributable to
  owners of the Company                                               150,386                (43,699)    Turnaround to profit

Liquidity and Financial Resources
We have historically funded our cash requirements principally from capital contributions from Shareholders. After the Global
Offering, we intend to finance our future capital requirements through equity financing activities and debt financing activities
in a balanced manner.

As at June 30, 2026, the Group’s total borrowings amounted to RMB1,659.6 million (December 31, 2025: RMB201.9
million), which were denominated in USD and RMB and bore interest at fixed rates ranging from 2.3% to 5.4%, of which
RMB1,422.6 million was due within one year and RMB237.0 million was due after one year.

Cash and Bank Balances
As at June 30, 2026, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, term bank deposits and restricted cash amounted to
approximately RMB1,445.3 million in aggregate (December 31, 2025: RMB2,941.5 million). The Group’s cash and
cash equivalents were primarily denominated in USD and RMB, while its term bank deposits and restricted cash were
denominated in RMB.

Liquid Cash Resources
The Group’s liquid cash resources comprise cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term bank deposits, short-
term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss and restricted cash. As at June 30, 2026, the Group’s liquid
cash resources amounted to approximately RMB2,037.4 million (December 31, 2025: RMB3,773.8 million).




                                                                                              Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                            17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Net Current Assets
Our net current assets decreased from RMB5,383.3 million as at December 31, 2025 to RMB4,614.0 million as at June
30, 2026, primarily due to an increase in current liabilities.

Current Ratio
As at June 30, 2026, our current ratio (current assets divided by current liabilities) was approximately 2.7, compared with 4.4
as at December 31, 2025.

Capital Management and Gearing Ratio
As at June 30, 2026, our gearing ratio (total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity holders of the
Company) was approximately 18.4% (December 31, 2025: 2.7%). We will consider debt and equity financing in light of the
Group’s future business plans and the macroeconomic environment and will continue to optimize our capital structure.

Capital Commitments
As at June 30, 2026, our capital commitments in respect of equity investments amounted to approximately RMB174.7
million (December 31, 2025: RMB4.0 million).

Contingent Liabilities
As at June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.

Pledge of Assets
As at June 30, 2026, save for restricted cash of RMB26.6 million, which was primarily used for deposit guarantees and
other security deposits and the 45% equity interest in Shenzhen Wake UP Technology Co., Ltd (“Wake UP”) pledged as
collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings, the Group did not have any material assets pledged.

Foreign Exchange Risk Management
The functional currency of the Company and its principal subsidiaries is RMB, and a substantial portion of the Group’s
revenue is derived from operations in the PRC. Foreign exchange risk primarily arises from recognized assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant Group entities. Fluctuations in exchange
rates between RMB and other currencies may affect the Group’s financial position and results of operations. The Group
is primarily exposed to fluctuations in USD/RMB and HK$/RMB exchange rates. As at June 30, 2026, the Group did not
hold any financial instruments for hedging purposes; nor did it hold any foreign currency investments hedged by currency
borrowings or other hedging instruments.

Credit Risk
We are exposed to credit risk in relation to cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits, investments
in debt instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets.
The carrying amounts of each class of the above financial assets and contract assets represent our maximum exposure to
credit risk in relation to financial assets and contract assets.

To manage the risk of investments in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits, and debt instruments
measured at fair value through profit or loss, we only transact with state-owned banks and reputable or licensed financial
institutions. These financial institutions have no recent default records.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
18        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




To manage the risk arising from trade receivables and contract assets, we have established a policy to ensure that sales
are granted only to parties with good credit records. Our management conducts ongoing credit evaluations of such clients
based on their financial condition, past history, and other relevant factors. We typically grant credit periods not exceeding
90 days for these transactions.

With respect to other receivables, the management has periodically conducted an overall evaluation and individual
assessments of the recoverability of other receivables based on past settlement records and past experience. Given the
favorable payment history with debtors and their past cooperative relationships, the management believes that the inherent
credit risk associated with the outstanding other receivables owed by them to the Group is relatively low.

With respect to trade receivables and prepayments of the Group as at the end of the Reporting Period, the management
would like to provide the following additional information:

Trade receivables

(1)    Subsequent Settlement
       As at June 30, 2026, the trade receivables of the Group amounted to RMB2,572.5 million, and the Group recorded
       provision for credit loss allowance, net on trade receivables of RMB235.2 million for the six months ended June 30,
       2026. As of July 31, 2026, the Group had subsequently settled trade receivables amounting to around RMB445
       million.

(2)    Reason for increase of long aged or credit impaired receivables
       The amount was mainly comprised of a trade receivable from a customer (“Customer A”) with gross carrying
       amount of approximately RMB446 million as at June 30, 2026, which has been aged for over one year. As at the
       date of this report, the Directors assessed the expected credit loss for Customer A individually.

       The Directors evaluated Customer A’s circumstances and concluded that the slowdown in its payments was largely
       attributable to the relatively lengthy internal approval procedures rather than any lack of willingness or ability to
       repay debts. Customer A has a registered capital of RMB110 million and is primarily engaged in providing smart
       information system solutions for rail transit. The Group has obtained a formal repayment plan from Customer A.
       Besides, its main customers include subway construction companies, subway operation companies and system
       integrators, which are mainly local state-owned enterprises and listed companies with good credit record.




                                                                                            Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                          19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




(3)   Actions that have been or will be taken to recover the credit impaired and long aged receivables
      The Group has taken the following actions to manage the credit impaired or long-aged trade receivables: (i) in
      general, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to
      be recognised from initial recognition of the trade receivables. To measure the expected credit loss, trade receivables
      have been grouped based on their nature and risk characteristics and then analysing their aging information and
      historical observed default rate before further incorporating forward-looking information that is reasonable and
      supportable, and available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date. For long-aged trade receivables, the
      Group individually analyses the causes such as any financial difficulties of the customers or other matters such as
      business disputes. In addition, the Group considered the historical settlement pattern of the customers, current
      business relationships and credit status of the customers for determining the credit risk; (ii) the Group has established
      a special team for collection of long-aged trade receivables, which implements measures to communicate with the
      customers via telephone, letter, email or on-site visit according to the credit risk of the customers. The Group will
      hold regular meetings on long outstanding trade receivables to monitor the collection progress; (iii) for customers
      who are currently in financial difficulties or with liquidity issues, the Group actively negotiates and formulates written
      installment repayment plans, which specify the repayment terms, amounts, and liabilities for breach of contract.
      The special team will follow up on repayment in accordance with the agreed repayment dates; and (iv) if there is
      still no substantive settlement after communication with the customers or when customers have experienced major
      business abnormalities, the Group will promptly commence legal proceedings (such as applying for a payment
      order, filing a lawsuit or commencing arbitration) to protect the interests of the Group’s shareholders and creditors.

      With respect to the accounts receivable from Customer A, the Group has currently taken the following measures:
      (1) negotiating with Customer A to establish a formal repayment plan and arranging personnel to follow up and
      collect the receivables on a regular basis; (2) continuously monitoring Customer A’s financial condition and business
      operations through public information, industry conditions, and communications with the customer; and (3) making
      adequate provision for impairment of accounts receivable in accordance with the requirements of the relevant
      accounting standards.

(4)   Reason why the loss allowance was adequate
      The management is of the view that the loss allowance was adequate for the following reasons:

      For those trade receivables aged over 1 year, the Directors evaluated the causes and concluded that it was mainly
      due to a slowdown in the collection progress of certain customers’ downstream customers. The customers were not
      in financial difficulties so severe that they were unable to repay their debts. These customers are currently operating
      normally, with no major negative situations such as huge losses, business closures, or default of repayments. Their
      external credit ratings remain stable, and their long-term debt repayment ability has not materially deteriorated.

      For certain customers with higher credit risk, the Group has assigned a dedicated team which regularly holds
      meetings with the customers and regularly reports to the management on the progress of collection of outstanding
      trade receivables.




         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
20       Interim Report 2026
                                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Prepayments

(1)   Subsequent Utilisation or Repayment
      As at June 30, 2026, the prepayments of the Group amounted to RMB2,801.3 million. As of 31 July, 2026, the
      subsequent utilization or repayment amounted to around RMB902 million, representing approximately 32% of the
      carrying amount of prepayments as at June 30, 2026.

(2)   Reasons for the Significant Increase in the Balance and the Counterparties’ Creditworthiness
      The Company’s prepayments during the Reporting Period primarily comprised prepayments to suppliers for the
      purchase of AI compute resources. The Company’s prepayments increased to RMB2,801.3 million as at June 30,
      2026, primarily because the Company holds a long-term positive view of the future sales market and, based on
      strategic development needs, it is necessary to secure a stable supply of AI compute resources for a relatively long
      period in the future. By paying a relatively high proportion of prepayments, the Company can effectively enhance its
      bargaining power in securing production capacity.

      The Company has conducted comprehensive assessments of the background, qualification, credibility and supply
      capability of its major suppliers. These suppliers are mainly large-scale enterprises which have no default records
      and very low credit risk. Based on financial condition analysis, no potential financial difficulties have been identified
      among these suppliers. During the period of cooperation, all suppliers have delivered products in accordance with
      the terms of the contract, and there has been no case of breach of contract. Under the terms of the contracts
      signed by both parties, in the event of a default by a supplier, the related losses shall be borne by the seller. In the
      event that a supplier fails to perform its supply obligations, the Company is entitled to demand the refund of the
      payment made in accordance with the Civil Code of the People’s Republic of China.

(3)   The Internal Controls in Place over the Prepayments
      The internal control measures established by the Group for the prepayments are as follows: (i) before making a major
      advance payment, the procurement department conducts background checks on suppliers, including their business
      qualifications, operational status, reputation, history of cooperation, and contract performance capability, to assess
      the risk of non-delivery of products; (ii) the applicant department submits a procurement application through
      the system, which will be reviewed and approved sequentially by the applicant department head, procurement
      department, and finance department to assess the business necessity of the procurement and confirm it is within
      the approved annual budget; (iii) after receiving the invoice, the procurement department has to submit a payment
      application through the system, which will be reviewed in sequence by the applicant department head, internal audit
      department, and finance department. Payment may only be processed after obtaining all necessary approvals; (iv)
      at the end of each month (or quarter), the finance department, together with the procurement department, evaluates
      the recoverability of outstanding prepayments; (v) the finance department prepares monthly aging analyses of
      prepayment items. Any outstanding prepayments that exceed the estimated delivery time or the specified aging
      threshold will be reported to management for review and follow-up actions with suppliers; and (vi) at the end of
      the Reporting Period, the finance department reviews outstanding prepayments to assess for any indicator of
      impairment, including failure to fulfill contracts by suppliers, contract disputes, significant delay in goods or services
      delivery or deterioration of suppliers’ financial position based on internal or external sources of information.




                                                                                              Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                            21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




(4)    Reasons Why the Balance was Considered Fully Recoverable
       The Directors assessed the recoverability of the prepayments by reviewing the outstanding prepayments as at year
       end. For significant outstanding amounts of prepayments, the Directors will obtain internal or external sources of
       information to understand the financial position of the suppliers and any significant increase in credit risk of these
       suppliers.

       For the prepayments as at the end of the Reporting Period, the Directors considered that the delivery of goods
       or services by the suppliers was executed in accordance with agreed timetable and no significant disputes with
       suppliers were noted. The Directors considered that the remaining amounts of prepayments would be utilised
       within the normal business operating cycle. As no impairment indicator was noted, the Directors considered that no
       impairment loss should be recognised for the prepayments.

Fund and Working Capital Management
Our funds and liquidity management are centrally carried out by our finance department. Our finance department
is generally responsible for the overall management and implementation of funds, including formulating the capital
management policy for our Group, guiding, coordinating and standardizing the fund management of regional companies,
making annual funding plans, reviewing and summarizing annual capital budgets, and overseeing and assessing fund
management of each regional company. We have also adopted sophisticated fund management policies and implemented
a set of rules and guidelines on fund management to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of fund management,
thereby ensuring our financial security and reducing the cost of capital.

To manage our idle cash on hand, we primarily purchase and redeem wealth management products using them as our
“cash pool” from which we could readily access cash as needed and generate a higher yield than bank deposits. The
underlying financial assets of the wealth management products in which we invested primarily consist of low-risk wealth
management products issued by state-owned banks or other high-quality reputable banks in China. The purchase amount
will be determined based on our surplus funds. Our procedures for purchasing and managing such products comply with
our financial policies governing business operations, accounting and record-filing.

We are committed to safeguarding overall financial security and maintaining a strong cash position and a healthy debt
profile with strong repayment ability. By adopting a full, reasonable and professional assessment mechanism and preparing
annual and monthly funding plans, we have established prudent fund management principles, which allow us to efficiently
manage market risks.

Material Acquisitions and Disposals
During the Reporting Period, we did not make any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint
ventures.

Significant Investments
As at June 30, 2026, the Group held an equity investment in Zhejiang Sunrise Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (“Sunrise”)
(the “Investment”). Sunrise is a joint stock company established in the PRC. Sunrise is an artificial intelligence computing
chip company focusing on the research and development and commercialisation of high-performance GPUs and inference
chips for multimodal scenarios. As at June 30, 2026, the investment cost of the Investment was approximately RMB429.1
million. As at June 30, 2026, the Group held 85,070,547 shares in Sunrise, representing approximately 6.76% of its total
issued shares.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
22        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Investment was classified as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss in the Group’s financial statements. As
at June 30, 2026, the carrying amount of the Investment was approximately RMB656.5 million, representing approximately
5.4% of the Group’s total assets as at that date.

For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recognised a realised gain of approximately RMB19.1 million and an
unrealised fair value gain of approximately RMB227.4 million in respect of the Investment, and did not receive any dividend.

The Group made the Investment to capture development opportunities in artificial intelligence computing infrastructure,
explore potential synergies between Sunrise and the Group’s artificial intelligence businesses, and achieve long-term
capital appreciation. The Directors consider that the Investment has long-term development potential and is consistent with
the Group’s development strategy. The Group intends to continue to hold the Investment and will continue to review its
performance and adjust its investment strategy as appropriate.

Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, the Group did not hold any other significant investment with a value
representing 5% or more of the Group’s total assets.

Information and Future Plans for Significant Investments and Capital Assets
Save as disclosed herein and in the Prospectus, as at the date of this report, we did not have plans for significant
investments and capital assets.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at June 30, 2026, we had 541 employees in total (December 31, 2025: 619). Our success depends on our ability to
attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. During the Reporting Period, the total staff costs of the Group amounted to
approximately RMB138.2 million, including wages, salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation expenses, pension costs,
other social security costs, housing benefits and other employee benefits. We provide various incentives and benefits to
our employees. We offer competitive salaries, bonuses and share-based compensation to our employees, especially key
employees.

As required under PRC regulations, we participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by
applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, work-related injury, maternity
and unemployment benefit plans.

To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of our workforce, we provide continuing education and training
programs, including internal and external training, for our employees to improve their technical, professional or management
skills. We also provide training programs to our employees from time to time to ensure their awareness of and compliance
with our policies and procedures in various aspects.

Prior to the Listing, the Board approved and adopted the Employee Incentive Scheme on April 25, 2021. After the Listing,
the Company adopted the Equity Incentive Scheme on September 19, 2024, comprising the H-Share Scheme and the
Partnership Plan. The Company also adopted the Share Option Scheme on September 19, 2024. We have granted,
and may in the future grant, options or share-based incentive awards to employees to recognize and incentivize their
contributions to our growth and development.




                                                                                             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                           23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Placing of New H Shares Under General Mandate
On April 22, 2026, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the placing agents, pursuant to which the placing
agents agreed to procure, on a best-effort basis, not less than six placees to subscribe for an aggregate of 38,800,000
new H Shares at HK$40.36 per H Share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares was RMB38,800,000. The
closing price of the H Shares on April 21, 2026 was HK$45.84 per H Share. The 2026 Placing was completed on April
29, 2026. The gross proceeds and net proceeds were approximately HK$1,565.97 million and HK$1,555.63 million,
respectively, representing a net issue price of approximately HK$40.09 per H Share. The 2026 Placing was intended to
support the Company’s continuous and stable business development, further consolidate its core competitiveness and
ensure sustainable growth. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated April 22, 2026 and April 29,
2026.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On August 7, 2026, Phancy Beijing (the lessee), a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a sale
and leaseback agreement with an independent third party (the lessor) in relation to the transfer of the leased servers and
accessories by the lessee to the lessor and the leaseback thereof by the lessee from the lessor. The total asset transfer
consideration was RMB691,875,000, with a 60-month floating-rate lease. The Company provided a joint and several
guarantee, and the subsidiary pledged its service income receivables as security. The leased assets may be repurchased
at RMB1 when the lease expires.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
24        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board is committed to achieving good corporate governance standards.

The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company
to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and
enhance its transparency and accountability.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions under Part II of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.

In the opinion of the Directors, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all code provisions set out in
the CG Code save for code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as set out below:

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are expected to comply
with, but may choose to deviate from, the requirement that the responsibilities of the Chairman and the Chief Executive
Officer should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company has not separated the
roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Dai currently holds both positions. Dr. Dai has assumed the
role of Chief Executive Officer of the Company since 2015. He has extensive experience in the business operations and
management of the Group and in the AI industry. Given his experience, personal qualifications and role in the Company,
the Board believes that Dr. Dai is the most suitable Director to identify strategic opportunities and serve as the core of the
Board due to his comprehensive understanding of our business as the Chief Executive Officer. The Board also believes
that having the same individual serve as both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can (i) ensure unified leadership within
the Group; (ii) enable more effective and efficient execution of the Board’s overall strategic planning and initiatives; and (iii)
facilitate the flow of information between management and the Board. The Board considers that the current arrangement
will not impair the balance of power and authority and will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly
and effectively. The Board will continue to review and consider separating the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company at an appropriate time, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices on a regular basis to ensure
compliance with the CG Code and to maintain its high standards of corporate governance practices.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding Directors’ securities transactions. After the Company made specific enquiries of the Directors, all Directors
confirmed that they had complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code throughout the Reporting Period.

The Company’s employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company are also
subject to the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance with the Model Code by employees was noted by the Company
during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.




                                                                                                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                              25
OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
(1)    Mr. Yu Zhonghao resigned as an executive Director, vice chairman and senior vice president of the Company due
       to work arrangements with effect from May 26, 2026. Following his resignation, Mr. Yu Zhonghao ceased to act
       as an authorized representative (the “Authorized Representative”) of the Company, pursuant to Rule 3.05 of the
       Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, and Dr. Dai Wenyuan was
       appointed as an authorized representative with effect from the same date.

(2)    With effect from June 9, 2026, the Board established the Strategy Committee, comprising Dr. Dai Wenyuan as
       its convenor and Mr. Chen Yuqiang and Dr. Yang Qiang as its members. On the same date, the Remuneration
       Committee was renamed as the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.

(3)    With effect from July 7, 2026, Dr. Dai Wenyuan ceased to be the chairman of the Nomination Committee but
       remained a member thereof, and Ms. Ke Yele was appointed as the chairperson of the Nomination Committee.
       Following the above changes, the Nomination Committee comprises Ms. Ke Yele (chairperson), Dr. Dai Wenyuan
       and Mr. Liu Chijin.

As at the date of this report, save as disclosed herein, there has been no change in the information of any Director required
to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

SHARE SCHEMES
On September 19, 2024, the Company adopted the Equity Incentive Scheme and the Share Option Scheme. The Equity
Incentive Scheme constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules involving the existing Shares of the
Company, and the Share Option Scheme constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules involving the
issuance of new Shares of the Company. For details of the Equity Incentive Scheme and Share Option Scheme, please
refer to the 2025 annual report of the Company.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
26        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION




Share Option Scheme
Details of the options granted to the participants of the Share Option Scheme and the movements during the Reporting
Period are set out below:

                                    Number of                                                                         Outstanding    Granted     Vested Exercised Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                        share                                                                                as at during the during the during the during the during the      as at
                                      options                                                                Exercise January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting         June 30,
Grantee             Date of grant     granted    Vesting period                  Exercise period                price        2026      Period     Period     Period     Period     Period      2026

Director –          November 25,     1,559,100   Subject to the vesting        Four years from the      HK$48.38 per      1,559,100          –           –          –       –         –     1,559,100
   Mr. Chai Yifei     2025                         conditions, in four equal     relevant vesting date;     H Share
   (Employee                                       tranches over four years,     any unexercised
   Representative                                  with 25% vesting on each      portion will lapse
   Director)                                       of the first, second, third   upon expiry.
                                                   and fourth anniversaries of
                                                   the relevant date of grant.

Others – employees November 19,      5,124,445   Subject to achievement of       Four years from the      HK$41.19 per    5,124,445          –    1,281,111         –       –         –     5,124,445
  of the Group       2024                          performance targets, in         relevant vesting date;     H Share
                                                   four equal tranches over        any unexercised
                                                   four years, with 25%            portion will lapse
                                                   vesting on each of the          upon expiry.
                                                   first, second, third and
                                                   fourth anniversaries of the
                                                   relevant date of grant.

Others – employees November 25,      8,244,600   Subject to the vesting        Four years from the      HK$48.38 per      8,244,600          –           –          –       –         –     8,244,600
  of the Group       2025                          conditions, in four equal     relevant vesting date;     H Share
                                                   tranches over four years,     any unexercised
                                                   with 25% vesting on each      portion will lapse
                                                   of the first, second, third   upon expiry.
                                                   and fourth anniversaries of
                                                   the relevant date of grant.

Others – five       April 1, 2026    4,120,000   Subject to the vesting          Four years from each HK$37.34 per                –   4,120,000          –          –       –         –     4,120,000
  employees of                                     conditions, in four equal       relevant vesting date. H Share
  the Group                                        tranches, with 25%
                                                   vesting on each of the
                                                   first, second, third and
                                                   fourth anniversaries of the
                                                   relevant date of grant.

Others – seven      May 26, 2026     4,200,000   Subject to the vesting          Four years from each HK$33.420 per               –   4,200,000          –          –       –         –     4,200,000
  employees of                                     conditions, in four equal       relevant vesting date.  H Share
  the Group                                        tranches, with 25%
                                                   vesting on each of the
                                                   first, second, third and
                                                   fourth anniversaries of the
                                                   relevant date of grant.


Total               –               23,248,145   –                               –                                  –    14,928,145   8,320,000   1,281,111         –       –         –    23,248,145




                                                                                                                                                              Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                                                                  27
OTHER INFORMATION




Notes:

(1)      As at January 1, 2026, 14,928,145 share options were outstanding under the Share Option Scheme, being the balance of unexercised share
         options as at December 31, 2025.

(2)      The share options granted on November 25, 2025 included 1,559,100 share options granted to Mr. Chai Yifei and 8,244,600 share options
         granted to employees of the Group.

(3)      The share options are subject to individual performance target as set out in our employee incentive vesting assessment measures.

(4)      On April 1, 2026 and May 26, 2026, the Company granted 4,120,000 share options to five employees of the Group and 4,200,000 share
         options to seven employees of the Group at exercise prices of HK$37.34 per H Share and HK$33.420 per H Share, respectively. Subject to the
         achievement of the relevant individual performance targets, each grant will vest in four equal tranches over four years, with 25% vesting in each
         year.

(5)      The closing prices of the H Shares on the trading days immediately preceding April 1, 2026 and May 26, 2026, being the respective grant dates,
         were HK$35.16 per H Share and HK$34.66 per H Share. The fair values of the share options granted on April 1, 2026 and May 26, 2026 as at
         the date of grant were RMB9.55 per Share and RMB9.39 per Share, respectively. For a description of the option pricing model and details of the
         significant assumptions and inputs used, please refer to Note 24(c) to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

(6)      The number of H Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under all share schemes of the Company during the
         Reporting Period, divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) during the Reporting Period, was
         approximately 1.6%.

(7)      The number of H Shares available for future grant under the Share Option Scheme was 8,345,821 at the beginning of the Reporting Period
         and 25,821 at the end of the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, eligible participants under the Share Option Scheme are limited to
         employee participants and there is no service provider sublimit.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board has resolved not to declare any interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (six months ended
June 30, 2025: nil).

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Board has established the Audit Committee comprising two independent non-executive Directors and one
non-executive Director, namely Mr. Li Jianbin, Mr. Liu Chijin and Dr. Yang Qiang. Mr. Li Jianbin is the chairman of the Audit
Committee and possesses the appropriate professional qualifications required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing
Rules. The Audit Committee has adopted written terms of reference setting out its duties and responsibilities, which are
available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim financial information of the Group for the six months ended June
30, 2026. It has also discussed and reviewed the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Group and matters
relating to risk management, internal control and financial reporting with the management and the external auditor.

REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited, the independent auditor of the Company, has reviewed the interim financial
information of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026 in accordance with International Standard on Review
Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. The
comparative information in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position is based on the audited
financial statements as at December 31, 2025.




             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
28           Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 753,000 H Shares on the Stock Exchange on
February 25, 2026 and February 26, 2026 for aggregate consideration before expenses of HK$30,377,014, and such
repurchased H Shares were held as treasury shares. On June 5, 2026, the Company cancelled 186,100 H Shares
repurchased between May 20 and May 23, 2024. As at June 30, 2026, the Company held 1,255,200 H Shares as treasury
shares. The share repurchase demonstrates the Company’s confidence in its business expectations and prospects, and
will ultimately benefit the Company and create value for its shareholders.

The Company intends to use the 1,255,200 treasury shares held as at June 30, 2026 for employee incentives, sale or
transfer to raise working capital or such other purposes as the Board may determine.

                                            Number of
                                               Shares             Highest             Lowest            Aggregate
Month                                     repurchased           price paid         price paid        consideration
                                                                                                           (before
                                                                                                        expenses)
                                                                     (HK$)               (HK$)               (HK$)

February 2026                                  753,000               41.40               39.84           30,377,014


Total                                          753,000                                                   30,377,014

During the Reporting Period, the trustee of the H-Share Scheme purchased an aggregate of 1,200,000 H Shares on the
Stock Exchange in accordance with the rules of the H-Share Scheme and the terms of the trust deed, for an aggregate
consideration (excluding transaction costs) of HK$32,303,646.01.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including any sale or transfer of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                 29
OTHER INFORMATION




USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE 2025 PLACING
On February 7, 2025, the Company entered into the placing agreement with the placing agents, pursuant to which
the placing agents agreed to procure, on a best-effort basis, not less than six placees to subscribe for an aggregate
of 27,920,000 placing shares at HK$50.20 per H Share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares was
RMB27,920,000. The closing price of the H Shares on February 6, 2025 was HK$56.80 per H Share. The 2025 Placing
was intended to support the Company’s continuous and stable business development, further consolidate its core
competitiveness and ensure sustainable growth. The 2025 Placing was completed on February 13, 2025. The net
proceeds, after deducting placing commission and related costs and expenses, were approximately HK$1,393.93
million, representing a net issue price of approximately HK$49.93 per H Share. For details, please refer to the Company’s
announcements dated February 7, 2025 and February 13, 2025.

The use of net proceeds from the 2025 Placing during the Reporting Period was as follows:

                                                                                       Net proceeds
                                                                                             utilized
                                                               Net      Unutilized            during      Unutilized
                                       Approximate       proceeds         amount              the six        amount
                                        percentage        from the           as at     months ended            as at     Expected
                                        of total net          2025      January 1,          June 30,        June 30,     timeline for
Use of proceeds                           proceeds         Placing           2026               2026           2026      full utilization
                                                       (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)

Research and development of core               30%          418.18                0                 0               0    Not applicable
  products

Business expansion                             20%          278.79                0                 0               0    Not applicable

Merger and acquisition opportunities           40%          557.57          167.04             167.04               0    Not applicable

General corporate purposes                     10%          139.39           38.50              38.50               0    Not applicable


Total                                       100.0%        1,393.93          205.54             205.54               0

The Company has utilized the net proceeds from the 2025 Placing in accordance with the intended purposes as set out in
the announcements of the Company dated February 7, 2025 and February 13, 2025.

USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE 2025 SUBSCRIPTION AND PLACING
On July 17, 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement and a placing agreement, pursuant to which
the subscriber agreed to subscribe for, and the Company agreed to allot and issue, an aggregate of 25,900,000 new H
Shares (with an aggregate nominal value of RMB25,900,000) at HK$50.50 per H Share for an aggregate consideration
of approximately HK$1,307.95 million. The closing price of the H Shares on July 16, 2025 was HK$55.45 per H Share.
The 2025 Subscription and Placing brings long-term development benefits to the Group, as it not only provides a good
opportunity for additional fundraising to strengthen the Group’s financial position, but also broadens the Company’s
Shareholder base and capital base and promotes the future growth and high-quality development of its business. The net
proceeds from the 2025 Subscription and Placing were approximately HK$1,306.18 million, representing a net subscription
price of approximately HK$50.43 per H Share. The 2025 Subscription and Placing was completed on August 14, 2025.
For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated July 17, 2025 and August 14, 2025.



             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
30           Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION




The use of net proceeds from the July 2025 Subscription and Placing during the Reporting Period was as follows:

                                                                                             Net proceeds
                                                                             Unutilized     utilized during        Unutilized
                                            Approximate                        amount                the six         amount
                                             percentage                           as at     months ended                as at
                                             of total net           Net      January 1,            June 30,         June 30,      Expected timeline
Use of proceeds                                proceeds       proceeds            2026                 2026             2026      for full utilization
                                                            (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)

R&D investment in emerging fields                   50%          653.09          653.09              326.54           326.54      By the end of 2027
  such as embodied intelligence, smart
  devices, blockchain, real-world assets
  (RWA) and stablecoins
  – R&D of AI products and solutions for            10%          130.62          130.62              130.62              0.00
    embodied intelligence
  – R&D of AI products and solutions for            15%          195.93          195.93              195.93              0.00
    smart devices
  – R&D of AI products and solutions for            25%          326.54          326.54                 0.00          326.54
    RWA and stablecoins
Global business expansion and potential             40%          522.47          522.47              326.54           195.93      By the end of 2027
  acquisitions of technology service
  providers supporting emerging
  businesses
  – Global business expansion                       10%          130.62          130.62              130.62             0.00
  – Potential acquisitions of technology            30%          391.85          391.85              195.93           195.93
    service providers supporting emerging
    businesses
  • Potential acquisitions of technology             6%           78.37           78.37               78.37              0.00
    service providers supporting embodied
    intelligence
  • Potential acquisitions of technology             9%          117.56          117.56              117.56              0.00
    service providers supporting smart
    devices
  • Potential acquisitions of technology            15%          195.93          195.93                 0.00          195.93
    service providers supporting RWA and
    stablecoins
General corporate purposes                          10%          130.62          130.62              130.62              0.00     By the end of 2027


Total                                             100.0%        1,306.18        1,306.18             783.71           522.47

The Company has utilized the net proceeds from the 2025 Subscription and Placing in accordance with the intended
purposes as set out in the announcements of the Company dated July 17, 2025 and August 14, 2025.




                                                                                                                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                         31
OTHER INFORMATION




USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE 2026 PLACING
On April 22, 2026, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the placing agents, pursuant to which the placing
agents agreed to procure, on a best-effort basis, not less than six placees to subscribe for an aggregate of 38,800,000
new H Shares at HK$40.36 per H Share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares was RMB38,800,000. The
closing price of the H Shares on April 21, 2026 was HK$45.84 per H Share. The gross proceeds and net proceeds were
approximately HK$1,565.97 million and HK$1,555.63 million, respectively, representing a net issue price of approximately
HK$40.09 per H Share. The 2026 Placing was intended to support the Company’s continuous and stable business
development, further consolidate its core competitiveness and ensure sustainable growth. The 2026 Placing was
completed on April 29, 2026. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated April 22, 2026 and April 29,
2026.

The use of net proceeds from the 2026 Placing during the Reporting Period was as follows:

                                                                                                  Net proceeds
                                                                          Net     Unutilized     utilized during      Unutilized
                                                 Approximate       proceeds         amount            the period         amount
                                                  percentage        from the           as at              ended            as at
                                                  of total net     April 2026       April 29,           June 30,        June 30,     Expected timeline
Use of proceeds                                     proceeds         Placing           2026                2026            2026      for full utilization
                                                                 (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)

Advancing heterogeneous AI computing                     80%        1,244.51        1,244.51              640.50          604.00     By the end of 2028
  equipment based on heterogeneous GPUs
Global business expansion and potential                  20%          311.13          311.13                 0.00         311.13     By the end of 2028
  acquisitions of technology service providers
  supporting emerging businesses, including
  embodied intelligence and smart devices
  (collectively, the “Emerging Businesses”)
  – Global business expansion                             8%          124.45          124.45                 0.00         124.45
  – Potential acquisitions of technology                 12%          186.68          186.68                 0.00         186.68
    service providers that support the
    Emerging Businesses
  • Potential acquisition of technology                   6%           93.34           93.34                 0.00          93.34
    service providers that support embodied
    intelligence
  • Vertical industry expansion                           6%           93.34           93.34                 0.00          93.34


Total                                                    100%        1,555.63        1,555.63             640.50           915.13

The Company has utilized the net proceeds from the 2026 Placing in accordance with the intended purposes as set out in
the announcements of the Company dated April 22, 2026 and April 29, 2026.




             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
32           Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGE OF THE ENGLISH NAME AND CHINESE NAME OF THE COMPANY, STOCK
SHORT NAMES AND COMPANY LOGO
The English name of the Company was changed from “Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.” to “Phancy Group
Co., Ltd.” with effect from January 7, 2026. The Chinese name of the Company was changed from “北京第四範式智能
技術股份有限公司” to “範式智能技術集團股份有限公司”. The English stock short name for trading in the H Shares on
the Stock Exchange was changed from “FOURTH PARADIGM” to “PHANCY”, and the Chinese stock short name was
changed from “第四範式” to “範式智能”, with effect from 9:00 a.m. on January 20, 2026. The Company also adopted a
new company logo with effect from March 20, 2026.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As far as the Company is aware, as at June 30, 2026, the interests and/or short positions (if applicable) of the Directors
and the chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required (a) to be notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to
be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code, were as follows:

Interests in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                             Approximate                        Approximate
                                                                              Number of     percentage of      Approximate       percentage
                                                    Capacity/                     Shares        Domestic      percentage of          of total
Name                Position                        nature of interest        interested          Shares          H Shares      share capital

Dr. Dai(5)(6)       Chairman, executive Director    Beneficial owner         106,164,523          53.38%                  –           19.02%
                      and chief executive officer                               Domestic
                                                                               Shares (L)

                                                    Interest in controlled    41,013,463          20.62%                  –            7.35%
                                                       corporations             Domestic
                                                                               Shares (L)

                                                    Interest in controlled   30,029,564                 –            8.35%             5.38%
                                                       corporations          H Shares (L)

Mr. Chai Yifei(7)   Employee Representative         Beneficial owner          1,559,100                 –            0.43%             0.28%
                      Director                                               H Shares (L)




                                                                                                            Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                           33
OTHER INFORMATION




Notes:

(1)      (L) – Long position.

(2)      The percentage of Domestic Shares is calculated based on 198,869,237 Domestic Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026.

(3)      The percentage of H Shares is calculated based on 359,423,396 H Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026, including 1,255,200 treasury shares.

(4)      The percentage of the total share capital is calculated based on 558,292,633 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026, including 1,255,200 treasury
         shares.

(5)      As at June 30, 2026, Dr. Dai beneficially owned 106,164,523 Domestic Shares. In addition, Dr. Dai was deemed to be interested in 41,013,463
         Domestic Shares through Beijing New Wisdom. Paradigm Investment, Paradigm Yinyuan and Nanjing Paradigm held 31,981,367, 5,052,824 and
         3,979,272 Domestic Shares, respectively. Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner of Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan and
         controls Nanjing Paradigm through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Beijing Paradigm New Wisdom, the sole general partner of Nanjing Paradigm. The
         spouse of Dr. Dai is also deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Dr. Dai is interested under the SFO.

(6)      As at June 30, 2026, Paradigm Investment, Paradigm Yinyuan and Nanjing Paradigm held 22,936,567, 3,484,725 and 3,608,272 H Shares,
         respectively. By virtue of the SFO, each of Dr. Dai and Beijing New Wisdom was deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 30,029,564 H Shares.

(7)      On November 25, 2025, the Company granted 1,559,100 share options to Mr. Chai Yifei under the Share Option Scheme adopted on September
         19, 2024. As at June 30, 2026, none of such share options had been exercised.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, so far as was known to the Directors, none of the Directors or chief
executive of the Company had any interest or short position in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the
Company or any of its associated corporations which was required to be notified or recorded as described above.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As far as the Company is aware, as at June 30, 2026, the persons, other than the Directors or the chief executive of the
Company, who had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which fell to be disclosed to the
Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:




             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
34           Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION




Interests in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                   Approximate            Approximate
                                                                                                                  percentage of            percentage
                                    Capacity/nature                                            Number of              Domestic                 of total
Name of Shareholder                 of interest                                          Shares interested      Shares/H Shares           share capital

Beijing New Wisdom(3)               Interest in controlled corporations     41,013,463 Domestic Shares (L)                 20.62%                 7.35%
                                    Interest in controlled corporations            30,029,564 H Shares (L)                  8.35%                 5.38%
Paradigm Investment(3)              Beneficial owner                        31,981,367 Domestic Shares (L)                 16.08%                 5.73%
                                    Beneficial owner                               22,936,567 H Shares (L)                  6.38%                 4.11%
Paradigm Chuqi(4)                   Interest in controlled corporations     31,981,367 Domestic Shares (L)                 16.08%                 5.73%
                                    Interest in controlled corporations            22,936,567 H Shares (L)                  6.38%                 4.11%
Xinhe No. 1(5)                      Beneficial owner                        12,077,978 Domestic Shares (L)                  6.07%                 2.16%
Shareholders of Xinhe No. 1(5)      Interest in controlled corporations     12,077,978 Domestic Shares (L)                  6.07%                 2.16%
Mr. Hu Yuanman(5)                   Interest in controlled corporations     14,126,295 Domestic Shares (L)                  7.10%                 2.53%
Mr. Zhou Kui(6)                     Interest in controlled corporations     18,941,724 Domestic Shares (L)                  9.52%                 3.39%

Notes:

(1)      (L) – Long position.

(2)      The percentage of Domestic Shares is calculated based on 198,869,237 Domestic Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026; the percentage of H
         Shares is calculated based on 359,423,396 H Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026, including 1,255,200 treasury shares; and the percentage of the
         total share capital is calculated based on 558,292,633 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026, including 1,255,200 treasury shares.

(3)      Paradigm Investment, Paradigm Yinyuan and Nanjing Paradigm are directly or indirectly controlled by Beijing New Wisdom. As at June 30, 2026,
         Paradigm Investment, Paradigm Yinyuan and Nanjing Paradigm held (i) 31,981,367, 5,052,824 and 3,979,272 Domestic Shares, respectively; and
         (ii) 22,936,567, 3,484,725 and 3,608,272 H Shares, respectively. By virtue of the SFO, Beijing New Wisdom was deemed to be interested in an
         aggregate of 41,013,463 Domestic Shares and 30,029,564 H Shares.

(4)      Paradigm Chuqi (whose general partner is Beijing New Wisdom) is a limited partner holding more than one-third of the limited partnership interests
         in Paradigm Investment and is therefore deemed to be interested in the 31,981,367 Domestic Shares and 22,936,567 H Shares held by Paradigm
         Investment.




                                                                                                                  Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                       35
OTHER INFORMATION




(5)   Xinhe No.1 (Tianjin) Science and Technology Center (Limited Partnership) (“Xinhe No. 1”) directly holds 12,077,978 Domestic Shares. The general
      partner of Xinhe No. 1 is Chunhua Mingde (Tianjin) Equity Investment Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Chunhua
      Mingde”), and the limited partner holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in Xinhe No. 1 is Chunhua Xinhe (Tianjin) Equity Investment
      Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Chunhua Xinhe”). The general partner of Chunhua Xinhe is Chunhua Mingde, and the limited partner
      holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in Chunhua Xinhe is Primavera Capital Fund III L.P. (“Primavera”), which is owned as to
      66.70% by Hu Fred Zuliu.

      The general partner of Chunhua Mingde is Chunhua (Tianjin) Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“Chunhua Investment”), which is wholly
      owned by Hu Yuanman. By virtue of the SFO, Chunhua Xinhe, Primavera, Hu Fred Zuliu, Chunhua Mingde and Chunhua Investment (collectively,
      the “Xinhe No. 1 Shareholders”), together with Hu Yuanman, are deemed to be interested in the 12,077,978 Domestic Shares held by Xinhe No. 1.

      Qiushi Xingde (Tianjin) Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“Qiushi Xingde”) is indirectly controlled by Hu Yuanman and directly holds 2,048,317
      Domestic Shares. Accordingly, by virtue of the SFO, Hu Yuanman is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 14,126,295 Domestic Shares.

(6)   To the best knowledge of the Company, the general partner of Shenzhen HongShan Hanchen Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan
      Hanchen”) is Shenzhen HongShan Antai Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan Antai”), and the limited partner which holds more than
      one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Hanchen is Shenzhen HongShan Yuechen Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan Yuechen”).
      The general partner of HongShan Yuechen is HongShan Antai, and the limited partner holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in
      HongShan Yuechen is Shenzhen HongShan Yuchen Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan Yuchen”). The general partner of HongShan
      Yuchen is HongShan Antai. The general partner of HongShan Antai is Shenzhen HongShan Huanyu Investment Consulting Co., Ltd. (“HongShan
      Huanyu”), which is owned as to 70% by Mr. Zhou Kui.

      Beijing HongShan Mingde Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Mingde”) directly owns 6,352,978 Domestic Shares of the
      Company. Its general partner is Beijing HongShan Kunde Investment Management Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Kunde”), and its
      limited partners holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Mingde are Beijing HongShan Shengde Equity Investment
      Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Shengde”) and Beijing HongShan Kangde Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan
      Kangde”). The general partner of HongShan Kunde is Shanghai Huanyuan Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Huanyuan”), and Ningbo
      Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Huide Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Huide”) is the general partner
      of HongShan Shengde and HongShan Kangde, respectively. The general partner of HongShan Huide is Shanghai Huanyuan, which is owned as to
      70% by Mr. Zhou Kui.

      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Zhisheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Zhisheng”) directly owns
      4,112,972 Domestic Shares of the Company. Its general partner is Jiaxing HongShan Kunsheng Investment Management Partnership (Limited
      Partnership) (“HongShan Kunsheng”), and the limited partners who hold more than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Zhisheng
      are Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Mingsheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Mingsheng”) and
      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Jiasheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Jiasheng”). HongShan
      Kunsheng is the general partner of HongShan Mingsheng and HongShan Jiasheng, respectively, and the general partner of HongShan Kunsheng is
      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Huanjia Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“HongShan Huanjia”). HongShan Huanjia is owned as to
      70% by Mr. Zhou Kui.

      By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Zhou Kui is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 18,941,724 Domestic Shares held by HongShan Hanchen,
      HongShan Mingde and HongShan Zhisheng.




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
36        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION




Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, so far as was known to the Directors, no person (other than a Director
or the chief executive of the Company) had any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares which was
required to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept under
Section 336 of the SFO.

COMPETING INTERESTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Directors were not aware of any business or interest of any Director or
controlling Shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules), or any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing
Rules), that competed or might compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group, or any other conflict of
interest which any such person had or might have with the Group.

PROPOSED A SHARE OFFERING
The Company intends to make an initial public offering of Renminbi-denominated ordinary shares (A Shares) and list them
on the ChiNext Market of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in the PRC. On March 25, 2026, the Company received a notice
from the Beijing Regulatory Bureau of the China Securities Regulatory Commission agreeing to accept the filing registration
in respect of the pre-listing tutoring for the Proposed A Share Offering. The Proposed A Share Offering and related
resolutions were approved at the Company’s extraordinary general meeting held on June 26, 2026. The Proposed A Share
Offering remains subject to review and approval by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, registration with the China Securities
Regulatory Commission and other necessary approvals or procedures.

PROPOSED H SHARE FULL CIRCULATION
On May 8, 2026, at the request of certain Shareholders, the Company withdrew its original application for the conversion
of 13,779,177 Domestic Shares into H Shares and the listing thereof. On June 2, 2026, the Board subsequently approved
the proposed conversion of all 53,157,667 Domestic Shares held by the controlling Shareholder and certain other
Shareholders into H Shares, representing approximately 9.52% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at
that date, and submitted the relevant filing documents to the China Securities Regulatory Commission. As at the end of
the Reporting Period, the proposed H Share full circulation remained subject to completion of the filing with the China
Securities Regulatory Commission and approval by the Stock Exchange.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
The Company did not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

                                                                                                     By order of the Board
                                                                                                    Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Chairman
                                                                                                       Dr. Dai Wenyuan

Beijing, the PRC




                                                                                             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                           37
REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




To the Board of Directors of Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
(a joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Phancy Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 39 to 83, which comprise the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position as of June 30, 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for
the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial
information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34
Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). The directors of the Company
are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance
with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on
our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement,
and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity issued by the International Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board (“IAASB”). A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries,
primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures.
A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and
consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be
identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Hong Kong
August 20, 2026




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
38        Interim Report 2026
                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                      2026                   2025
                                                                        Notes     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                                  6         3,765,294             2,626,497
Cost of sales                                                            9        (2,531,943)           (1,636,090)


Gross profit                                                                       1,233,351               990,407
Selling and marketing expenses                                           9           (28,337)             (189,054)
Administrative expenses                                                  9           (90,531)               (86,437)
Research and development expenses                                        9        (1,208,271)             (893,431)
(Provision for)/reversals of credit loss allowance, net                  9          (233,549)                14,383
Other income                                                             7            14,068                 41,633
Other gains, net                                                         8           449,686                 37,617


Operating profit/(loss)                                                              136,417                 (84,882)
Share of results of investments accounted for using the equity method    16          (35,122)                (19,673)
Finance income                                                           10           34,655                  30,625
Finance costs                                                            10           (9,736)                  (1,419)


Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                      126,214                 (75,349)
Income tax credit                                                        11            2,132                   1,455


Profit/(loss) for the period                                                         128,346                 (73,894)


Other comprehensive loss:
Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Currency translation differences                                                     (29,117)                (12,458)


Other comprehensive loss for the period, net of tax                                  (29,117)                (12,458)


Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period                                      99,229                 (86,352)


Profit/(loss) attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                118,869                 (66,973)
Non-controlling interests                                                              9,477                   (6,921)


                                                                                     128,346                 (73,894)




                                                                                   Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                   39
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                    2026              2025
                                                                      Notes     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                              89,752           (79,431)
Non-controlling interests                                                           9,477             (6,921)


                                                                                   99,229           (86,352)


Profit/(loss) per share for profit/(loss) attributable to owners of
  the Company (expressed in RMB per share)                             12
Basic                                                                                0.22              (0.14)


Diluted                                                                              0.22              (0.14)




           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
40         Interim Report 2026
                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                     AT JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                   June 30,        December 31,
                                                                      2026                2025
                                                        Notes     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                (Unaudited)            (Audited)

Assets
Non-current assets
Right-of-use assets                                     13(a)        17,358                  14,554
Property and equipment                                   14       1,661,693                 291,037
Intangible assets                                        15         549,170                     476
Investments accounted for using the equity method        16         510,809                 718,071
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    17       1,322,741                 711,131
Term bank deposits                                      22(c)             –                 566,459
Other non-current assets                                 18         749,650                  22,303


                                                                  4,811,421            2,324,031


Current assets
Inventories                                              19         242,893              328,512
Contract assets                                          6(a)           537                1,266
Trade receivables                                        20       2,572,506            2,340,882
Prepayments and other receivables                        21       2,465,802            1,090,751
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    17         592,080              832,353
Term bank deposits                                      22(c)       124,518              377,559
Restricted cash                                         22(b)        26,649                  465
Cash and cash equivalents                               22(a)     1,294,140            1,997,010


                                                                  7,319,125            6,968,798


Total assets                                                    12,130,546             9,292,829


Equity and liabilities
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                            23        558,293                519,679
Treasury stock                                           24        (55,876)                (28,947)
Shares held for share award schemes                      24        (26,089)                   (255)
Reserves                                                 24     13,828,172            12,416,509
Accumulated losses                                              (5,262,559)            (5,381,429)


                                                                  9,041,941            7,525,557

Non-controlling interests                                           98,105                  (21,854)


Total equity                                                      9,140,046            7,503,703




                                                                  Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                 41
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                         As at          As at
                                                                      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                         2026           2025
                                                         Notes       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)       (Audited)

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                        13(b)           1,632          1,023
Deferred tax liabilities                                                28,895          6,337
Borrowings                                                27           237,000        178,500
Other liabilities                                         28            17,859         17,743


                                                                       285,386        203,603


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                            25           907,837      1,172,241
Other payables and accruals                               26            49,856         45,883
Contract liabilities                                     6(b)          291,777        305,031
Lease liabilities                                        13(b)           9,244         10,532
Borrowings                                                27         1,422,586         23,383
Other liabilities                                         28            23,814         28,453


                                                                     2,705,114      1,585,523


Total liabilities                                                    2,990,500      1,789,126


Total equity and liabilities                                        12,130,546      9,292,829

On behalf of the Board




                         Dai Wenyuan                             Chen Yuqiang
                           Director                                 Director




           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
42         Interim Report 2026
                                              CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                          Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                Shares held
                                                                                  for share                                                       Non-
                                                          Share     Treasury         award               Accumulated                        controlling      Total
                                                         capital       stock      schemes       Reserves      losses            Subtotal      interests     equity
                                                Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

(Unaudited)
Balance at January 1, 2026                               519,679     (28,947)          (255)   12,416,509     (5,381,429)      7,525,557       (21,854)   7,503,703


Comprehensive loss
Profit for the period                                          –           –              –             –         118,869        118,869         9,477     128,346
Currency translation differences                               –           –              –       (29,117)              –        (29,117)            –     (29,117)


Total comprehensive income/(loss)
  for the period                                               –           –              –       (29,117)        118,869         89,752         9,477      99,229


Transactions with owners
  in their capacity as owners
Shares repurchase                                24            –     (27,115)             –             –               –        (27,115)            –      (27,115)
Cancellation of shares                           24         (186)        186              –             –               –              –             –            –
Recognition of equity-settled share-based
  payments                                       24            –           –              –        31,517               –         31,517             –       31,517
Placing of shares                                23       38,800           –              –     1,334,747               –      1,373,547             –    1,373,547
Shares purchased and withheld for
  Share Scheme Trust                             24            –           –        (28,073)            –               –        (28,073)            –      (28,073)
Vesting of awarded shares from
  Share Scheme Trust                             24            –           –          2,239        (2,239)              –              –             –            –
Transfer from joint venture to a subsidiary
  upon acquisition of control                    32            –           –              –        78,363               –         78,363        55,586     133,949
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                    –           –              –             –               –              –        66,817      66,817
Deemed disposal of associates                    16            –           –              –         8,102               –          8,102             –       8,102
Change in ownership interest in subsidiary
  without loss of control                                      –           –              –        (9,710)              –         (9,710)      (12,290)     (22,000)
Partial disposal of a subsidiary                               –           –              –             –               –              –           369          369


Total transactions with owners
  in their capacity as owners                             38,614     (26,929)       (25,834)    1,440,780               –      1,426,631       110,482    1,537,113


Balance at June 30, 2026                                 558,293     (55,876)       (26,089)   13,828,172     (5,262,559)      9,041,941        98,105    9,140,046




                                                                                                                            Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                                43
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                        Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                             Shares held
                                                                               for share                                                     Non-
                                                        Share     Treasury        award                Accumulated                     controlling      Total
                                                       capital       stock     schemes        Reserves      losses          Subtotal     interests     equity
                                             Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

(Unaudited)
Balance at January 1, 2025                            465,859     (18,107)             –     9,969,530      (5,355,163)    5,062,119       8,769     5,070,888


Comprehensive loss
Loss for the period                                         –           –              –              –         (66,973)    (66,973)      (6,921)     (73,894)
Currency translation differences                            –           –              –       (12,458)                –    (12,458)            –     (12,458)


Total comprehensive loss for the period                     –           –              –       (12,458)         (66,973)    (79,431)      (6,921)     (86,352)


Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners
Shares repurchase                             24            –     (10,840)             –              –               –     (10,840)            –     (10,840)
Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payments                        24            –           –              –        23,274                –       23,274            –       23,274
Placing of shares                             23       27,920           –              –     1,258,349                –    1,286,269            –    1,286,269
Transaction costs attributable to issue
  of shares                                   24            –           –              –          (905)               –        (905)            –        (905)
Shares purchased and withheld for
  Share Scheme Trust                          24            –           –        (7,585)              –               –      (7,585)            –      (7,585)
Vesting of awarded shares from Share
  Scheme Trust                                24            –           –         6,907          (6,907)              –            –            –            –
Partial disposal of an associates                           –           –             –          (1,434)              –      (1,434)            –      (1,434)
Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss
  of control                                                –           –              –          8,456               –       8,456      (19,110)     (10,654)


Total transactions with owners
  in their capacity as owners                          27,920     (10,840)         (678)     1,280,833                –    1,297,235     (19,110)    1,278,125


Balance at June 30, 2025                              493,779     (28,947)         (678)    11,237,905      (5,422,136)    6,279,923     (17,262)    6,262,661




                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
44              Interim Report 2026
                                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                     Notes     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash used in operations                                                    (2,383,847)             (444,719)
Interest received                                                                  23,800                 6,041


Net cash used in operating activities                                          (2,360,047)             (438,678)


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property and equipment and intangible assets                       (2,237,387)                (3,313)
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                        –                  1,040
Placement of term bank deposits                                                         –            (3,643,106)
Withdrawal of term bank deposits                                                  796,140             3,933,808
Interest income received from term bank deposits                                   32,943                20,964
Purchases of short-term investments measured
   at fair value through profit or loss                                          (591,413)                (855,969)
Proceeds from disposal of short-term investments measured
   at fair value through profit or loss                                         1,293,712                 775,707
Proceeds from disposal of long-term investments measured
   at fair value through profit or loss                                            50,000                  72,155
Purchase of long-term investments measured at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                                (487,302)                    (500)
Acquisition of an investment accounted for using the equity method                (29,800)                 (30,000)
Proceeds from partial disposal of investments accounted for
   using the equity method                                                               –                 43,600
Transfer from joint venture to a subsidiary upon acquisition of
   control, net of cash acquired                                      32         (150,386)                       –
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                  39,243                        –
Repayment of loan from a related party                               34(b)        200,000                        –
Partial disposal of investments accounted for using
   the equity method in prior years                                                  8,000                      –
Partial disposal of subsidiaries with loss of control                                3,808                 51,839


Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                         (1,072,442)                366,225




                                                                                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                 45
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                              2026              2025
                                                                Notes     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

Cash flows from financing activities
Payments for shares repurchased                                  24         (55,188)           (18,425)
Proceeds from placing of shares                                  23       1,373,547         1,286,269
Proceeds from borrowings                                                  1,457,875                    –
Repayment of borrowings                                                      (1,000)             (4,000)
Interest expenses paid                                                       (4,136)                 (43)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                 (5,311)             (7,218)
Advance from a related party                                                      –               8,800
Payment of listing expenses capitalised or to be capitalised                      –              (1,810)


Net cash generated from financing activities                              2,765,787         1,263,573


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                       (666,702)        1,191,120
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                  1,997,010           858,618
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents               (36,168)           (25,222)


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                        1,294,140         2,024,516




           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
46         Interim Report 2026
                    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




1   GENERAL INFORMATION
    Phancy Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
    on September 17, 2014 as a limited liability company, and relocated to Beijing, the PRC on April 21, 2021. On July
    9, 2021, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability under the Company Law of the
    PRC. The address of the Company’s registered office is Room 303, 3/F, Block A, Heying Centre, Building 1, No. 10
    Xiaoying West Road, Haidian District, Beijing, the PRC. The Company has changed its English name from “Beijing
    Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd” to “Phancy Group Co., Ltd.” with effect from January 7, 2026 and the name
    in Chinese from “北京第四範式智能技術股份有限公司” to “範式智能技術集團股份有限公司” with effect from
    February 2026 in Hong Kong.

    The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”)
    are primarily engaged in operations of AI platform, and provision of Application Programming Interface (“API”) and
    Agentic AI services in the PRC and certain overseas countries and regions.

    Dr. Dai Wenyuan is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group as at the date of approval of this condensed
    consolidated financial statements.

    The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
    currency of the Company.

2   BASIS OF PREPARATION
    The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting
    Standard (“IAS”) 34 Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).
    These condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the notes of the type normally included in
    annual financial statements. Accordingly, it should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
    of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the “2025 Financial Statements”) as set out in the 2025 annual
    report of the Company dated March 30, 2026, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
    Standards.

3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    The accounting policies and methods of computations used in the preparation of the Interim Financial Information
    are consistent with those used in the preparation of the 2025 Financial Statements, except for the adoption of
    amended IFRS Accounting Standards as set out below.

    Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
    The following amendments to standards are mandatory for the first time for the Group’s financial year beginning on
    January 1, 2026:

    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7        – Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments
                                           – Contracts referencing nature-dependent electricity

    Annual Improvement to                  – Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7
      IFRS Accounting Standards
      2022-2024 (Volume 11)

    The Group has assessed the impact of the adoption of the above amendments and considered that there was no
    significant impact on the Group’s results and financial position.

    The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting
    period.

                                                                                        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                      47
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
     The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments,
     estimates and assumptions that affect the application of principal accounting policies and the reported amounts of
     assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     In preparing the condensed consolidated financial statements, the significant judgments made by management in
     applying the Group’s principal accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the same as
     those applied to the 2025 Financial Statements.

5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     5.1   Financial risk factors
           The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk,
           interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

           The Group’s policies on financial risk management were set out in the 2025 Financial Statements and there
           have been no significant changes in the financial risk management policies during the six months ended June
           30, 2026.

     5.2   Fair value estimation
           The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at each balance sheet
           dates, by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised
           into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

           •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1);

           •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                  either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2); and

           •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                  inputs) (level 3).

           The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at June 30, 2026:

                                                                   Level 1          Level 2         Level 3       Total
                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

           (Unaudited)
           Assets
           Long-term investments measured
             at fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)                 –               –      1,322,741    1,322,741
           Short-term investments measured
             at fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)          14,211                 –        577,869     592,080


                                                                     14,211                 –      1,900,610    1,914,821




        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
48      Interim Report 2026
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
    5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at December 31,
          2025:

                                                              Level 1      Level 2          Level 3          Total
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

          (Audited)
          Assets
          Long-term investments measured at fair value
            through profit or loss (Note 17)                        –              –        711,131           711,131
          Short-term investments measured at fair value
            through profit or loss (Note 17)                    3,011       310,032         519,310           832,353


                                                                3,011       310,032       1,230,441      1,543,484

          The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of long-term investments measured at fair
          value through profit or loss for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025:

                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

          At the beginning of the period                                                711,131               459,968
          Additions                                                                     527,303                     500
          Acquisition of subsidiary (Note 33)                                          (118,295)                      –
          Disposals                                                                     (30,852)               (72,155)
          Changes in fair value                                                         233,454                  (5,338)


          At the end of the period                                                 1,322,741                  382,975


          Net unrealised gains/(losses) for the period                                 233,454                  (5,338)




                                                                                    Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                     49
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
           The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of short-term investments measured at fair
           value through profit or loss for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025:

                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

           At the beginning of the period                                                    519,310              475,234
           Additions                                                                          97,862              115,968
           Acquisition of subsidiary (Note 33)                                                95,839                     –
           Disposals                                                                        (506,021)              (72,155)
           Changes in fair value                                                             370,791                 7,129
           Currency translation differences                                                       88                     –


           At the end of the period                                                         577,869               526,176


           Net unrealised gains for the period                                              370,791                  7,129

           The Group has a team that manages the valuation of level 3 instruments for financial reporting purposes.
           The team manages the valuation exercise of the investments on a case-by-case basis. At least once every
           year, the team would use valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the Group’s level 3 instruments.
           External valuation experts were involved when necessary.

           The valuation of the level 3 instruments mainly included long-term investments in unlisted equity securities
           and funds measured at fair value through profit or loss and short-term investments in funds measured at fair
           value through profit or loss (Note 17). As these instruments are not traded in an active market, their fair values
           have been determined by using various applicable valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows and
           market approach etc.




        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
50      Interim Report 2026
                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
    5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
          The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in
          recurring level 3 fair value measurements:

                                                           Fair values                                             Range of inputs
                                                          As at        As at       Significant                      As at             As at   Relationship of
                                                       June 30, December 31,       unobservable                  June 30,      December 31,   unobservable
          Description                                     2026         2025        inputs                           2026              2025    inputs to fair values
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                    (Unaudited)     (Audited)

          Long-term investments measured
            at fair value through profit or loss:
          – Unlisted equity securities and            1,008,949          333,684   Expected volatility     43.57%-61.84%     43.57%-61.84%    The higher the expected volatility,
            preferred shares investments                                                                                                        the lower the fair value
                                                                                   Discount for lack of    10.00%-23.00%     10.00%-22.00%    The higher the DLOM,
                                                                                     marketability                                              the lower the fair value
                                                                                     (“DLOM”)
                                                                                   Weighted average cost         17.00%                N/A    The higher the WACC, the lower
                                                                                     of capital (“WACC”)                                        the fair value
          – Fund investments (Note 1)                  313,792           377,447   N/A                               N/A               N/A    N/A


                                                      1,322,741          711,131


          Short-term investments measured
            at fair value through profit or loss:
          – Fund investments (Note 1)                   13,622           519,310   N/A                               N/A               N/A    N/A


          – Listed equity securities (Note 2)          564,247                 –   Expected volatility          145.45%                N/A    The higher the expected volatility,
                                                                                                                                                the lower the fair value
                                                                                   DLOM                    4.72%-30.76%                N/A    The higher the DLOM,
                                                                                                                                                the lower the fair value


                                                       577,869           519,310

          Notes:

          1.           The Group determines the fair values of its fund investments as at the reporting date based on the reported net asset values of
                       the respective funds as provided and evaluated by fund managers.

          2.           Listed equity securities held by the Group are subject to post-IPO lock-up restrictions. The lock-up period is subject to 6 to 12
                       months. Due to such restrictions, the Group is unable to dispose of these securities freely during the lock-up period.




                                                                                                                              Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                                                51
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.2    Fair value estimation (continued)
            If the fair values of the above long-term investments and short-term investments measured at fair value
            through profit or loss held by the Group had been 0.5% higher/lower, the profit before income tax for the
            six months ended June 30, 2026 would have been approximately RMB9,574,000 higher/lower (six months
            ended June 30, 2025: loss before tax approximately RMB4,746,000 lower/higher).

            The Group believes that any reasonably possible change in assumptions used for the significant unobservable
            inputs would not significantly affect the profit or loss for the respective periods.

            There were no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 of fair value hierarchy classifications during the six months
            ended June 30, 2026, and 2025.

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value including cash and
            cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits, trade receivables and other receivables, and the
            Group’s financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value, including borrowings, lease liabilities, trade
            payables, other payables and payable for acquisition of subsidiaries, approximate their fair values due to their
            short maturities or the financial assets/liabilities bear interests at interest rates that are close to the market
            interest rates.

6    SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE
     The Group’s business activities primarily involve the operation of AI platform, and provision of API and Agentic AI
     services in the PRC.

     The Group’s chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer, who
     reviews consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the
     Group as a whole and hence, the Group has only one reportable segment. The Group does not distinguish between
     markets or segments for the purpose of internal reports. As substantially all of the Group’s non-current assets are
     located in the PRC and substantially all of the Group’s revenue are derived from the PRC based on the delivery
     location of the goods and services, no geographical information is presented.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, revenue from contracts with customers of approximately
     RMB3,087,697,000 (for the six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB2,374,422,000) was from operations
     of AI Platform, and revenue of approximately RMB677,597,000 (for the six months ended June 30, 2025:
     RMB252,075,000) was from provision of API and Agentic AI services.

     The Group’s revenues derived from the transfer of goods and services at a point in time and over time are analysed as
     follows:

                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2026                  2025
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

     Point in time                                                                         3,746,020             2,621,780
     Over time                                                                                19,274                 4,717

                                                                                           3,765,294             2,626,497



        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
52      Interim Report 2026
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6   SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE (continued)
    (a)   Contract assets
          The Group has recognised the following assets related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                        June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Contract assets
            – Current portion                                                                 726                   1,289


          Less: Credit loss allowance                                                        (189)                    (23)


                                                                                              537                   1,266

          Contract assets are generally the final payments of revenue contracts which are due at the end of the quality
          assurance period (1–3 years). Contract assets are recorded as the Group has no right on these amounts of
          consideration when the revenue is recognised.

    (b)   Contract liabilities
          The Group has recognised the following liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                        June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Contract liabilities                                                           291,777                  305,031

          Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while the
          underlying services are yet to be provided. Due to generally the short-term duration of the relevant contracts,
          a majority of the contract liabilities are recognised in the following year.




                                                                                        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                       53
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




7    OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                             2026                       2025
                                                                                                         RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

     Government grants (Note)                                                                                   6,810                    2,105
     Value-added tax and other tax refunds                                                                      7,258                   39,488
     Others                                                                                                         –                       40


                                                                                                              14,068                    41,633

     Note:   Government grants primarily relate to grants in connection with the Group’s contributions to technology development and investments in
             local business districts. Those grants are not stipulated with any unfulfilled conditions or contingencies.


8    OTHER GAINS, NET
                                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                             2026                       2025
                                                                                                         RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

     Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             600,857                      5,546
       – Listed equity securities                                                                            379,989                        174
       – Unlisted equity securities                                                                          190,893                       (666)
       – Preferred shares investments                                                                              –                     (3,634)
       – Fund investments                                                                                     29,273                      6,091
       – Wealth management products                                                                              702                      3,581
     Foreign exchange (losses)/gains, net                                                                   (130,329)                   11,233
     Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                17,843                          –
     Gain on partial disposal of an investment accounted for using
       the equity method                                                                                            –                   12,582
     Gain on partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control (Note 31)                                      677                    6,375
     Gain on remeasurements of pre-existing investments (Note 32 & 33)                                         31,880                        –
     Gain on disposals of property and equipment                                                                    –                       33
     Other tax and compensation paid                                                                          (30,841)                       –
     Others                                                                                                   (40,401)                   1,848


                                                                                                             449,686                    37,617




        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
54      Interim Report 2026
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




9    EXPENSES BY NATURE
                                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                  2026                       2025
                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

     Employee benefit expenses                                                                                   106,695                   132,976
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                                            31,517                    23,274
     Cloud service and other technical service fees                                                              983,115                   258,982
     Technology service fees                                                                                     531,363                   826,809
     Cost of finished goods sold                                                                               2,129,579                 1,361,677
     Advertising and marketing expenses                                                                            1,980                   155,143
     Depreciation and amortisation
       – Property and equipment (Note 14)                                                                         24,863                       6,370
       – Right-of-use assets (Note 13(a))                                                                          5,768                       5,073
       – Intangible assets (Note 15)                                                                              11,656                       4,182
     Other professional fees                                                                                       5,889                      13,030
     Business travel expenses                                                                                      2,449                       4,212
     Provision for/(reversals of) credit loss allowance, net (Note)                                              233,549                     (14,383)
     Impairment provision for inventories                                                                              –                         309
     Others                                                                                                       24,208                      12,975


                                                                                                               4,092,631                 2,790,629

     Note:   Mainly include the (provision for)/reversals of credit loss allowance on contract assets, trade receivables, and other receivables (refer to
             Notes 6(a), 20 and 21 respectively).


10   FINANCE INCOME AND FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                  2026                       2025
                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

     Finance income:
     Interest income from bank deposits                                                                            33,262                     28,982
     Interest income from loan to a related party (Note 34(b))                                                        121                        101
     Amortised amounts on receivable from the partial disposal of
        a subsidiary with loss of control                                                                           1,272                      1,542


                                                                                                                   34,655                     30,625


     Finance costs:
     Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note 13(b))                                                               (292)                      (401)
     Interest expense on borrowings                                                                                 (9,135)                        (43)
     Others                                                                                                           (309)                      (975)


                                                                                                                    (9,736)                   (1,419)

                                                                                                               Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                     55
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11   INCOME TAX CREDIT
     The income tax credit of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025 are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                  2026                       2025
                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

     Current income tax                                                                                             (1,091)                          –
     Deferred income tax                                                                                             3,223                       1,455


     Income tax credit                                                                                               2,132                       1,455

     Income tax credit are recognised based on management’s best knowledge of the income tax rates that would be
     applicable to the full financial year.

     Notes:

     (a)      Enterprise income tax in the PRC (“EIT”)

              The income tax provision of the Group in respect of its operations in the PRC was calculated at a tax rate of 25% on the assessable profits
              for the respective year presented, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

     (b)      Hong Kong Profits Tax

              The entity incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax of which the tax rate is 8.25% for assessable profits in the first
              Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 2 million and 16.5% for any assessable profits in excess of HK$2 million.

              No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made as the Group had no estimated assessable profit that was subject to Hong Kong Profits
              Tax during the periods presented.

     (c)      Singapore income tax

              The entity incorporated in Singapore is subject to Singapore income tax at a rate of 17% for taxable income earned in Singapore.

              No provision for Singapore income tax was made as the Group had no estimated assessable profit that was subject to Singapore income
              tax during the periods presented.

     (d)      Preferential EIT rate

              Certain of the Group’s PRC incorporated subsidiaries are entitled to preferential EIT rate of 15%. These subsidiaries were approved
              as High and New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) in December 2016 and December 2019 respectively, with their HNTE qualifications
              subsequently renewed in December 2019, November 2022 and October 2025. Accordingly, they are eligible for the 15% preferential EIT
              rate for the periods December 2016 to October 2026 and December 2019 to October 2028 respectively, subject to continued compliance
              with HNTE criteria.

     (e)      Super Deduction for research and development expenses

              As announced by the State Taxation Administration of the PRC in March 2023, all enterprises engaging in research and development
              activities would entitle to claim 200% of their research and development expenses as Super Deduction from January 1, 2023. The Group
              has made its best estimate for the Super Deduction to be claimed for the Group’s entities in ascertaining their assessable profits.




           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
56         Interim Report 2026
                                                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12   PROFIT/(LOSS) PER SHARE
     The basic profit/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company by
     the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the respective periods. In determining the weighted
     average number of ordinary shares in issue, treasury stock and shares held for share award schemes are excluded
     from the calculation.

     Diluted profit per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
     assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares for the six months ended June 30, 2026. There were no
     potential ordinary shares issued during the six months ended June 30, 2025. Hence, diluted loss per share for was
     same as basic loss per share for the six months ended June 30, 2025.

                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2026                  2025
                                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

     Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                         118,869                  (66,973)


     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue excluding treasury
        stock and shares held for share award schemes (thousand shares)                    531,814                  486,584
     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares held for
        share award schemes (thousand shares)                                                   767                       –


     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
      calculating diluted earnings per share (thousand shares)                             532,581                  486,584


     Basic profit/(loss) per share for profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the
        Company (expressed in RMB per share)                                                   0.22                   (0.14)
     Diluted profit/(loss) per share for profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the
        Company (expressed in RMB per share)                                                   0.22                   (0.14)

13   LEASES
     The Group leases certain of its offices under operating lease arrangements,which are negotiated for terms ranging
     from 1 year to 3 years.




                                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                         57
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13   LEASES (continued)
     The condensed consolidated statement of financial position include the following amounts relating to leases:

     (a)      Right-of-use assets
              The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the six months ended
              June 30, 2026 and 2025 are as follows, respectively:

                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2026                 2025
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

              At the beginning of the period                                               14,554               24,299
              Additions                                                                     4,581                  291
              Transfer from joint venture to a subsidiary upon acquisition
                of control (Note 32)                                                         3,991                       –
              Depreciation charge (Note 9)                                                  (5,768)                 (5,073)
              Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control                              –                    (191)


              At the end of the period                                                     17,358               19,326

     (b)      Lease liabilities
              The carrying amounts of the Group’s lease liabilities as at June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025 are as
              follows, respectively:

                                                                                            As at               As at
                                                                                         June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)            (Audited)

              Current                                                                        9,244              10,532
              Non-current                                                                    1,632               1,023


                                                                                           10,876               11,555

              The condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income show the following amounts relating to
              leases:

                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2026                 2025
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

              Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 9)                            5,768                  5,073
              Interest expense (Note 10)                                                       292                    401
              Expense relating to short-term leases                                             71                     67

           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
58         Interim Report 2026
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
     The movement of property and equipment for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025 is as below:

                                                   Server and
                                                    electronic        Office        Leasehold
                                                   equipment      equipment      improvements          Building            Total
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2026
     Opening net book amount                           80,477          8,890           11,027           190,643            291,037
     Additions                                      1,388,551              –                –                 –          1,388,551
     Transfer from joint venture to a subsidiary
        upon acquisition of control (Note 32)             318          9,337             1,932                –             11,587
     Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 33)                  –             10                 –                –                 10
     Disposals                                              –              –            (4,581)               –             (4,581)
     Disposal of a subsidiary                               –            (48)                –                –                (48)
     Depreciation charge (Note 9)                     (19,040)        (2,567)           (1,111)          (2,145)           (24,863)


     Closing net book amount                        1,450,306        15,622             7,267           188,498          1,661,693


     At June 30, 2026
     Cost                                           1,503,461         56,740           16,657           190,643          1,767,501
     Accumulated depreciation                         (53,155)       (41,118)          (9,390)           (2,145)          (105,808)


     Net book amount                                1,450,306        15,622             7,267           188,498          1,661,693


     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2025
     Opening net book amount                           16,810        15,458             2,417                 –            34,685
     Additions                                         13,034              –            3,413                 –            16,447
     Disposals                                              –         (1,007)               –                 –             (1,007)
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with
        loss of control                                   (663)           (99)              (76)              –               (838)
     Depreciation charge (Note 9)                       (2,536)       (3,166)             (668)               –             (6,370)


     Closing net book amount                           26,645        11,186             5,086                 –            42,917


     At June 30, 2025
     Cost                                              54,876         44,888           10,689                 –           110,453
     Accumulated depreciation                         (28,231)       (33,702)           (5,603)               –            (67,536)


     Net book amount                                   26,645        11,186             5,086                 –            42,917




                                                                                               Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                59
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
     Depreciation charges were expensed in the following categories in the condensed consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income:

                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                    2026               2025
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

     Research and development expenses                                             11,576              4,075
     Administrative expenses                                                        5,562              2,176
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                    87                119
     Cost of sales                                                                  7,638                  –


                                                                                   24,863              6,370




        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
60      Interim Report 2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                    Software
                                                                         and                      Customer
                                                     Goodwill       copyright    Technology     relationship    Brand name         Total
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2026
     Opening net book amount                                –            476               –               –              –           476
     Transfer from joint venture to a subsidiary
       upon acquisition of control (Note 32)          289,910         10,829               –        259,611               –       560,350
     Amortisation charge (Note 9)                           –           (839)              –        (10,817)              –       (11,656)


     Closing net book amount                          289,910         10,466               –        248,794               –       549,170


     At June 30, 2026
     Cost                                             289,910          46,196              –        259,611               –       595,717
     Accumulated amortisation                               –         (35,730)             –        (10,817)              –       (46,547)


     Net book amount                                  289,910         10,466               –        248,794               –       549,170


     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2025
     Opening net book amount                          165,639           1,023         3,330          15,400          4,355        189,747
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of
       control                                       (165,639)              –         (2,220)       (13,200)         (4,020)     (185,079)
     Amortisation charge (Note 9)                           –            (537)        (1,110)         (2,200)          (335)        (4,182)


     Closing net book amount                                –            486               –               –              –           486


     At June 30, 2025
     Cost                                                   –          34,765              –               –              –        34,765
     Accumulated amortisation                               –         (34,279)             –               –              –       (34,279)


     Net book amount                                        –            486               –               –              –           486

     The directors of the Company concluded that there were no impairment indicators identified during the six months
     ended June 30, 2026 and 2025. No impairment loss of goodwill and intangible assets is required to be recognised as
     of June 30, 2026 and 2025.




                                                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                        61
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
     Amortisation charges were expensed off in the following categories in the condensed consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income:

                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026               2025
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

     Administrative expenses                                                             294                 765
     Research and development expenses                                                   545               1,217
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                   10,817               2,200


                                                                                      11,656               4,182

16   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
                                                                                       As at              As at
                                                                                    June 30,       December 31,
                                                                                       2026               2025
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)           (Audited)

     Investments accounted for using the equity method
        – Associates                                                                 510,809            426,000
        – Joint ventures                                                                   –            292,071


                                                                                     510,809            718,071




        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
62      Interim Report 2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD (continued)
                                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                              2026                      2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

     At the beginning of the period                                                                          718,071                  554,509
     Addition (Note (a))                                                                                      37,434                   30,000
     Transfer from partial disposal of a subsidiary
       with loss of control                                                                                         –                  168,627
     Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 33)                                                                     74,400                        –
     Transfer from joint venture to a subsidiary
       upon obtaining control (Note 32)                                                                     (292,076)                         –
     Disposals (Note (b))                                                                                          –                   (22,452)
     Share of results                                                                                        (35,122)                  (19,673)
     Deemed partial disposal of associates                                                                     8,102                          –
     Others                                                                                                        –                        (11)


     At the end of the period                                                                                510,809                  711,000

     Notes:

     (a)      During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group acquired certain equity interests of companies at a consideration of
              RMB37,434,000.

              During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group acquired 15.87% equity interest of Shenzhen New Potential Energy Phase II Angel
              Venture Capital Enterprise (Limited Partnership) at a consideration of RMB30,000,000.

     (b)      During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group partially disposed of 12% equity interest of EpicHust Technology (Wuhan) Co.,
              Ltd. to an independent third party at the consideration of approximately RMB33,600,000. A gain on disposal of an investment accounted
              for using the equity method amounted to approximately RMB12,582,000 was recognised in profit or loss during the six months ended
              June 30, 2025.




                                                                                                           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                               63
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17   INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                                         As at                      As at
                                                                                                                      June 30,               December 31,
                                                                                                                         2026                       2025
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

     Non-current assets
     Long-term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
       – Unlisted equity securities (Note (i))                                                                         1,008,949                     333,684
       – Fund investments (Note (ii))                                                                                    313,792                     377,447

                                                                                                                       1,322,741                     711,131

     Current assets
     Short-term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
       – Listed equity securities (Note (iv))                                                                            578,458                       3,011
       – Wealth management products (Note (iii))                                                                               –                     310,032
       – Fund investments (Note (ii))                                                                                     13,622                     519,310

                                                                                                                         592,080                     832,353

     Notes:

     (i)        Unlisted equity securities
                The fair values of unlisted securities are measured using a valuation technique with unobservable inputs and hence classified as level 3 of
                the fair value hierarchy. The major assumptions used in the valuation for investment in private companies have been set out in Note 5.2.

                As at June 30, 2026, the Group held an equity investment in Zhejiang Sunrise Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (“Sunrise”). Sunrise is a
                joint stock company established in the PRC. Sunrise is an artificial intelligence computing chip company focusing on the research and
                development and commercialisation of high-performance GPUs and inference chips for multimodal scenarios. As at June 30, 2026, the
                investment cost of the Sunrise was approximately RMB429.1 million. As at June 30, 2026, the Group held 85,070,547 shares in Sunrise,
                representing approximately 6.76% of its total issued shares, and recognised as long-term investment measured at fair value through profit
                or loss.

     (ii)       Fund investments
                The Group invested in funds which focus on equity investment in unlisted companies and debt securities investments. The returns of
                the funds are not guaranteed and their contractual cash flows do not qualify for solely payments of principal and interest, hence they are
                measured at fair value through profit or loss. The Group determines the fair values of the fund investments as at the reporting date based
                on the reported net asset values of the funds. These investments are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 5.2).

     (iii)      Wealth management products
                The wealth management products are mainly denominated in RMB and USD. The returns on all these wealth management products are
                not guaranteed and their contractual cash flows do not qualify for solely payments of principal and interest, hence they are measured at
                fair value through profit or loss. None of these investments are past due. The Group determines the fair value of the wealth management
                products based on the statement provided by the financial institutions. These investments are within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy (Note
                5.2). The wealth management products are fully disposed during the six months ended June 30, 2026.

     (iv)       Listed equity securities
                Listed equity securities in Hong Kong of RMB14,211,000 are measured at fair value based on quoted market prices at the reporting date,
                which is classified as level 1 fair value hierarchy.

                Certain portions of Group’s listed equity securities in Hong Kong, amounting to RMB564,247,000 are subject to post-IPO lock-up
                restrictions which prohibit disposal prior to the expiry of the lock-up period, which is classified as level 3 fair value hierarchy, details please
                refer to Note 5.2.


             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
64           Interim Report 2026
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                        June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Prepayment for cloud computing services                                              81,070                   22,303
     Prepayment for property and equipment                                               668,580                        –


                                                                                         749,650                   22,303

19   INVENTORIES
                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                        June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Raw materials                                                                         4,607                        –
     Work-in-process                                                                      20,588                        –
     Finished goods                                                                        1,640                   42,779
     Contract fulfilment cost                                                            223,951                  292,802


                                                                                         250,786                  335,581
     Less: provision for impairment                                                       (7,893)                   (7,069)


                                                                                         242,893                  328,512

     Finished goods are mainly server and other related hardware products to be delivered to customers with a quick
     turnover. Contract fulfilment cost are recognised from the costs incurred to fulfil contracts of customised AI
     applications development services, which will be recognised to cost of sales mainly within 3–6 months when the
     Group’s related performance obligations are satisfied and hence the related service contract revenue is recognised.

     Provision for impairment was recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of the inventories exceeds its
     net realisable value.




                                                                                        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                        65
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




20   TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                           As at             As at
                                                                                        June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)

     Third parties                                                                     3,102,061          2,633,458
     Less: credit loss allowance                                                        (529,555)          (292,576)


                                                                                       2,572,506          2,340,882

     The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are mainly denominated in RMB and USD.

     Movements on the Group’s credit loss allowance for trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026               2025
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

     At the beginning of the period                                                     (292,576)          (280,928)
     (Provision for)/reversals of credit loss allowance, net                            (235,184)            14,372
     Acquisition of subsidiary                                                            (2,358)                 –
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control                                     –                602
     Write off receivables as irrecoverable                                                   76                  –
     Exchange differences                                                                    487                  –


     At the end of the period                                                           (529,555)          (265,954)

     The Group generally allows a credit period within 90 days to its customers. Aging analysis of the gross amount of
     trade receivables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                           As at             As at
                                                                                        June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)

     Trade receivables
     Up to 3 months                                                                    1,501,522            970,446
     3 to 6 months                                                                       454,288            511,539
     6 months to 1 year                                                                  286,966            237,756
     Over 1 year                                                                         859,285            913,717


                                                                                       3,102,061          2,633,458



        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
66      Interim Report 2026
                                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                            As at                    As at
                                                                                                         June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                            2026                     2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

   Prepayments to suppliers                                                                              2,051,611                   525,142
   Deductible value-added input tax                                                                        301,886                   204,354
   Deductible corporate income tax                                                                             311                         –
   Other receivables from third party customers                                                                247                       247
   Rental, bidding and other deposits                                                                       10,177                    21,461
   Consideration receivables from the partial disposal of subsidiaries with
     loss of control                                                                                         77,975                    81,997
   Consideration receivables from the partial disposal of investments
     accounted for using the equity method                                                                   22,000                   30,000
   Prepayments and receivables from related parties (Note 34(b))                                                  –                  224,441
   Others                                                                                                     6,472                    9,748


                                                                                                         2,470,679                 1,097,390
   Less: credit loss allowance (Note (a))                                                                   (4,877)                    (6,639)


                                                                                                         2,465,802                 1,090,751

   Note:

   (a)     The expected credit losses of other receivables that are measured at amortised cost including deposits and other receivables from third
           party customers were measured as either 12 months or lifetime expected credit loss, depending on whether there has been a significant
           increase in credit risk since initial recognition.


22. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
   (a)     Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                            As at                    As at
                                                                                                         June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                            2026                     2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

           Cash at bank and in hand                                                                      1,294,140                 1,997,010




                                                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                              67
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. CASH AND BANK BALANCES (continued)
     (a)      Cash and cash equivalents (continued)
              Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                             As at           As at
                                                                                          June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                             2026            2025
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)        (Audited)

              RMB                                                                         705,709           348,372
              USD                                                                         388,536         1,519,598
              HKD                                                                         198,078           128,161
              Singapore Dollar                                                              1,790               861
              Euro                                                                             14                18
              Others                                                                           13                 –


                                                                                         1,294,140        1,997,010

     (b)      Restricted cash
              Restricted cash are all denominated in Renminbi. As at June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the
              restricted cash was held at bank as deposit guarantees and other security deposits.

     (c)      Term bank deposits
              Term bank deposits are all denominated in RMB.

                                                                                             As at           As at
                                                                                          June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                             2026            2025
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)        (Audited)

              Included in current assets
              Short-term bank deposits                                                          –           356,158
              Long-term bank deposits maturing within one year                            124,518            21,401


                                                                                          124,518           377,559


              Included in non-current assets
              Long-term bank deposits                                                           –           566,459

              Short-term bank deposits are bank deposits with original maturities over three months but within twelve
              months and redeemable on maturity. Long-term bank deposits are bank deposits with original maturities
              over twelve months and redeemable on maturity ranging from 3 to 5 years. The effective interest rate for
              the short-term bank deposits was 4.05% per annum for the year ended December 31, 2025. The effective
              interest rates for the long-term bank deposits were from 2.9% to 3.9% per annum for the six months ended
              June 30, 2026 (year ended December 31, 2025: 2.15% to 3.90%).

           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
68         Interim Report 2026
                                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




23   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                                               Nominal
                                                                                                    Number of                   value of
                                                                                               ordinary shares          ordinary shares
                                                                                                                              RMB’000

     Authorised and issued:

     As January 1, 2025                                                                              465,858,733                   465,859
     Placing of shares (Note)                                                                         53,820,000                    53,820


     As of December 31, 2025 and January 1, 2026                                                     519,678,733                   519,679
     Placing of shares (Note)                                                                         38,800,000                    38,800
     Cancelling of shares (Note 24(a))                                                                  (186,100)                     (186)


     As of June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                                                                 558,292,633                   558,293

     Note:

     On April 29, 2026, a total of 38,800,000 placing shares were placed at HKD40.36 per share, with total proceeds of approximately
     HKD1,565,968,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,373,547,000), comprising RMB38,800,000 of share capital and RMB1,334,747,000 of
     share premium.

     On February 13, 2025, a total of 27,920,000 Placing Shares have been successfully placed by the Placing Agents at the Placing Price of
     HK$50.20 per Placing Share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Placing Agreement. The total placing price is therefore amounted to
     HK$1,401,584,000 (approximately to RMB1,286,269,000), comprising of RMB27,920,000 share capital and RMB1,258,349,000 of share premium
     (Note 24).

     On August 14, 2025, a further 25,900,000 placing shares were placed at HKD50.50 per share, with total proceeds of approximately
     HKD1,307,950,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,188,377,000), comprising RMB25,900,000 of share capital and RMB1,162,477,000 of
     share premium.




                                                                                                        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                            Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                           69
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24   TREASURY STOCK, SHARES HELD FOR SHARE AWARD SCHEMES AND
     RESERVES
                                                                      Shares held                   Share-
                                                                        for share                   based        Currency
                                                          Treasury         award       Capital    payment      translation      Other
                                                             stock      schemes        reserve     reserve        reserve     reserve       Total
                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Balance at January 1, 2026                            (28,947)          (255)   10,795,926   1,632,100       (17,245)      5,728    12,416,509
     Currency translation differences                            –              –             –           –       (29,117)          –       (29,117)
     Shares repurchase (Note (a))                          (27,115)             –             –           –             –           –             –
     Cancellation of shares (Note (a))                         186              –             –           –             –           –             –
     Placing of shares (Note 23)                                 –              –     1,334,747           –             –           –     1,334,747
     Shares purchased and withheld for
       Share Scheme Trust (Note (b))                             –        (28,073)            –           –             –           –             –
     Vesting of awarded shares from Share Scheme Trust
       (Note (b))                                                –          2,239             –      (2,239)            –           –        (2,239)
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments
       (Notes (b) and (c))                                       –              –             –     31,517              –           –        31,517
     Transfer from joint venture to a subsidiary upon
       acquisition of control (Note 32)                          –              –             –     78,363              –           –        78,363
     Deemed disposal of associates                               –              –             –          –              –       8,102         8,102
     Change in ownership interest in subsidiary without
       loss of control                                           –              –             –           –             –      (9,710)       (9,710)


     Balance at June 30, 2026                              (55,876)       (26,089)   12,130,673   1,739,741       (46,362)      4,120    13,828,172




         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
70       Interim Report 2026
                                                                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24   TREASURY STOCK, SHARES HELD FOR SHARE AWARD SCHEMES AND
     RESERVES (continued)
                                                                          Shares held                    Share-
                                                                            for share                    based        Currency
                                                              Treasury         award       Capital     payment      translation      Other
                                                                 stock      schemes       reserve       reserve        reserve     reserve       Total
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Balance at January 1, 2025                               (18,107)              –    8,370,096    1,597,720         (4,014)      5,728    9,969,530
     Currency translation differences                               –               –            –            –       (12,458)           –       (12,458)
     Shares repurchase (Note (a))                             (10,840)              –            –            –              –           –             –
     Placing of shares (Note 23)                                    –               –    1,258,349            –              –           –    1,258,349
     Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares              –               –         (905)           –              –           –          (905)
     Shares purchased and withheld for
       Share Scheme Trust (Note (b))                                –          (7,585)           –            –              –           –             –
     Vesting of awarded shares from
       Share Scheme Trust (Note (b))                                –          6,907             –       (6,907)             –           –       (6,907)
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based
       payments (Notes (b) and (c))                                 –               –            –      23,274               –           –       23,274
     Partial disposal of an associate                               –               –       (1,434)          –               –           –        (1,434)
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control          –               –        8,456           –               –           –         8,456


     Balance at June 30, 2025                                 (28,947)          (678)    9,634,562    1,614,087       (16,472)       5,728   11,237,905

     Notes:

     (a)        In May 2024, June 2024, July 2024 and April 2025, the Company has repurchased 688,300 ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
                Exchange with an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB28,947,000. Out of the shares repurchased, 186,100 ordinary shares
                were repurchased for cancellation.

                In February 2026, the Company has further repurchased 753,000 ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with an aggregate
                consideration of approximately RMB27,115,000.

                As of June 30, 2026, the 186,100 repurchased shares have been cancelled. The Company accounts for the repurchased ordinary shares
                under the cost method and includes such treasury stock as a component of the shareholders’ equity.




                                                                                                                   Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                      71
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24   TREASURY STOCK, SHARES HELD FOR SHARE AWARD SCHEMES AND
     RESERVES (continued)
     Notes: (continued)

     (b)      On April 8, 2025, the Company set up a Share Scheme Trust (“the Trust”), in which was administrated by a third party trustee. H
              shares of the Company will be purchased by the Trust from the open market from time to time in satisfaction of the share awards. The
              consideration, including any directly attributable incremental cost, is presented as “Shares held for share award schemes” and the amount
              is deducted from total equity. When the Trust transfers the Company’s shares to the awardees upon vesting, the related costs of the
              awarded shares vested are credited to “Shares held for share award schemes”, with a corresponding adjustment made to “Share-based
              payment reserve”. During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Share Scheme Trust purchased and withheld 1,200,000 (for the six
              months ended June 30, 2025: 188,200) ordinary shares of the Company for an amount of approximately HK$32,304,000 (equivalent to
              approximately RMB28,073,000) (for the six months ended June 30, 2025: HK$8,246,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB7,585,000)),
              which had been deducted from equity.


              On June 2, September 1 and November 25, 2025, the Company granted a total of 235,607 RSUs (the “RSUs) to the awardees in
              accordance with the H-Share RSU Scheme of the Company adopted on September 19, 2024. On June 2026, the Company further
              granted a total 80,256 RSUs to the awardees in accordance with the H-Share RSU Scheme. The RSUs were granted without service
              conditions and performance condition, and vested and matured immediately upon grant. During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the
              Share Scheme Trust transferred 80,256 ordinary shares of the Company to the share awardees upon vesting of the RSUs.

              The total expenses recognised in profit or loss for the aforementioned share-based payments are RMB2,239,000 for the six months
              ended June 30, 2026 (for the six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB6,907,000).

     (c)      On September 19, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted the establishment of the 2024 share option
              scheme (“2024 Share Option Scheme”) with the purpose of attracting, motivating, retaining and rewarding certain employees. The share
              options granted to employees were subject to a service condition and a performance condition and will be vested in equal installments
              from the grant date to 4 years. An evaluation is made each year as to likelihood of performance condition being met.

              On November 25, 2025, the Company granted an aggregate of 9,803,700 share options to eligible persons comprising employees of the
              Group include an employee representative director of the Company to subscribe for H Shares of the Company at HK$48.38 per H Share
              subject to the acceptance of the share options by the grantees.

              On April 1 and May 26, 2026, the Company granted an aggregate of 4,120,000 and 4,200,000 share options to eligible persons
              comprising employees of the Group include an employee representative director of the Company to subscribe for H Shares of the
              Company at HK$37.34 and 33.42 per H Share subject to the acceptance of the share options by the grantees, respectively.

              The exercise period shall be valid for 4 years from the date of vesting, with any unexercised portion automatically lapsing upon expiry
              of the 4-year term. The share options granted to the grantees were subject to fulfillment of the individual performance target as set out
              in the employee incentive vesting assessment measures of the Company and will be vested in equal installments over 4 years from the
              grant date. An evaluation is made each year as to the likelihood of performance condition being met. The share options shall be subjected
              to the clawback mechanism as set out in the terms of the Share Option Scheme, and in particular, the lapse of the share options upon
              termination of employment of the grantees.


              Movement in the number of share options granted is set out as below:

                                                                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                                                                      Share options

              Outstanding as of January 1, 2025                                                                                            5,124,445
              Granted during the year                                                                                                      9,803,700


              Outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and January 1, 2026                                                                    14,928,145
              Granted during the period                                                                                                   8,320,000


              Outstanding as of June 30, 2026                                                                                            23,248,145




           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
72         Interim Report 2026
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24   TREASURY STOCK, SHARES HELD FOR SHARE AWARD SCHEMES AND
     RESERVES (continued)
     Notes: (continued)

     (c)     (continued)

             Fair value of share options
             Based on fair value of the underlying ordinary shares, the Group has used Binomial option-pricing model to determine the fair value of
             share options granted in 2024 and 2025, and the Black-Scholes model for those granted during the six months ended June 30, 2026.
             Key assumptions are set as below:

                                                                                                          At date of grant           At date of grant
                                                                                                       November 25, 2025          November 19, 2024

             Fair value of ordinary shares (HKD)                                                                     47.70                      36.60
             Exercise price (HKD)                                                                                    48.38                      41.19
             Risk-free interest rate                                                                                3.51%                       3.2%
             Dividend yield                                                                                            0%                         0%
             Expected volatility                                                                                   43.43%                     44.04%
             Expected terms                                                                                           4.00                       3.88

             For share options granted on April 1, 2026:

                                                                          Tranche 1             Tranche 2             Tranche 3            Tranche 4

             Fair value of share options (HKD)                                 6.24                 10.01                 12.66                 14.45
             Exercise price (HKD)                                             37.34                 37.34                 37.34                 37.34
             Risk-free interest rate                                         2.24%                 2.24%                 2.26%                 2.27%
             Dividend yield                                                     0%                    0%                    0%                    0%
             Expected volatility                                            39.78%                45.27%                46.94%                46.42%
             Expected terms                                                    1.00                  2.00                  3.00                  4.00

             For share options granted on May 26, 2026:

                                                                          Tranche 1             Tranche 2             Tranche 3            Tranche 4

             Fair value of share options (HKD)                                 6.08                 10.05                 12.39                 14.57
             Exercise price (HKD)                                             33.42                 33.42                 33.42                 33.42
             Risk-free interest rate                                         2.64%                 2.64%                 2.71%                 2.77%
             Dividend yield                                                     0%                    0%                    0%                    0%
             Expected volatility                                            38.22%                44.89%                44.98%                45.92%
             Expected terms                                                    1.00                  2.00                  3.00                  4.00

             The risk-free rates have been derived based on the yield to maturity of HK Treasury Bonds with a term close to the expected maturity date
             as of the valuation date. The dividend yield is 0% because there has been no dividend paid out by the Company to date and the Company
             does not expect to pay any dividends in the near future. The expected volatility is estimated based on the annualised standard deviation
             of the daily return of the historical stock prices of the Company and those of the comparable companies with a time horizon close to the
             expected return.

             The total expenses recognised in profit or loss for the aforementioned share-based payments are RMB29,278,000 for the six months
             ended June 30, 2026 (for the six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB16,367,000).




                                                                                                             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                  73
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25   TRADE PAYABLES
     Trade payables primarily include payables for inventories and outsourcing service fees. As at June 30, 2026 and
     December 31, 2025, the carrying amounts of trade payables were primarily denominated in RMB and USD.

     Trade payables and their aging analysis based on invoice date are as follows:

                                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                                        June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Audited)

     Up to 3 months                                                                     381,273           640,124
     3 to 6 months                                                                       21,892           142,634
     Over 6 months                                                                      504,672           389,483


                                                                                        907,837         1,172,241

26   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                                        June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Audited)

     Payroll payables                                                                    15,365            21,730
     Listing expenses payables                                                                –             2,514
     Other taxes payables                                                                 7,075            11,888
     Expense reimbursement payable to employees                                             897               869
     Payable to third party hardware suppliers                                            1,300             1,300
     Payable to a related party (Note 34(c))                                              5,087                 –
     Accrued expenses and others                                                         20,132             7,582


                                                                                         49,856            45,883

     The carrying amounts of other payables approximated their fair values as at June 30, 2026 and December 31,
     2025. Other payables were primarily denominated in RMB.




        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
74      Interim Report 2026
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27   BORROWINGS
                                                                                                            As at                   As at
                                                                                                         June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                            2026                    2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                (Audited)

     Included in current liabilities
     Guaranteed borrowing (Note (a))                                                                       209,375                        –
     Secured borrowings (Note (b))                                                                           2,166                        –
     Unsecured borrowings (Note (c))                                                                     1,211,045                   23,383


                                                                                                         1,422,586                   23,383

                                                                                                            As at                   As at
                                                                                                         June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                            2026                    2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                (Audited)

     Included in non-current liabilities
     Secured borrowings (Note (b))                                                                         237,000                        –
     Unsecured borrowings (Note (c))                                                                             –                  178,500


                                                                                                           237,000                  178,500

     Notes:

     (a)      As at June 30, 2026, RMB209,375,000 was guaranteed by the Company with an effective interest rate of 5.4% per annum (December 31,
              2025: nil).

     (b)      As at June 30, 2026, secured borrowings comprised short-term secured borrowings of RMB1,166,000 bearing fixed interest at 2.5% per
              annum, as well as secured borrowings of RMB238,000,000 bearing fixed interest at 2.5% per annum with maturity dates in December
              2028, of which RMB1,000,000 was classified as current liabilities. There were no secured borrowings at December 31, 2025.

              As at June 30, 2026, the Group’s 45% equity interest (3,986,997 shares) in Shenzhen Wake UP Technology Co., Ltd (“Wake UP”) was
              pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings.

     (c)      As at June 30, 2026, unsecured borrowings comprised short-term unsecured borrowings of RMB1,211,045,000 (December 31, 2025:
              RMB21,883,000) bearing fixed interest from 2.3% to 2.8% (December 31, 2025: 2.5%) per annum. At December 31, 2025, unsecured
              borrowings of RMB180,000,000 bearing fixed interest at 2.5% per annum with maturity dates from June 2026 to December 2028, of
              which RMB1,500,000 was classified as current liabilities.




                                                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                            75
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28   OTHER LIABILITIES
                                                                                                               As at                    As at
                                                                                                            June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                               2026                     2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

     Payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                    20,000                    18,840
     Receipt in advance                                                                                          3,814                     9,613
     Deferred income (Note)                                                                                     11,263                    17,743
     Provisions                                                                                                  6,596                         –


                                                                                                                41,673                    46,196


     Presented as:
     Non-current                                                                                                17,859                    17,743
     Current                                                                                                    23,814                    28,453


                                                                                                                41,673                    46,196

     Note:   Deferred income represented government grants provided for in connection with the Group’s contributions to technology development
             and investments in local business districts. Such amounts are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
             the grants will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group
             recognised income of RMB6,810,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB2,105,000).


29   COMMITMENTS
     Capital commitments contracted for at the balance sheet date but not yet incurred are as follows:

                                                                                                               As at                    As at
                                                                                                            June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                               2026                     2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

     Investments                                                                                              174,671                      4,000

30   DIVIDENDS
     No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during each of the six months ended June 30, 2026 and
     2025.




        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
76      Interim Report 2026
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




31   DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH LOSS OF CONTROL
     Partial disposal of equity interest in Beijing Ideal Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing
     Ideal”) with loss of control
     On June 30, 2025, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with Shenzhen Zhongzheng Guangzhi
     Information Co., Ltd for the transfer of 10%equity interest in Beijing Ideal, a subsidiary of the Company, with a
     consideration of RMB36,000,000. The transaction was completed on June 30, 2025 with an aggregate net gain
     of approximately RMB6,375,000, and the Group’s ownership interest in Beijing Ideal decreased from 56.84% to
     46.84%. Upon completion of the partial disposal, Beijing Ideal ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and the
     Group continues to have significant influence on Beijing Ideal through the Group’s representative in the board of
     directors of Beijing Ideal. Accordingly, the Group’s remaining 46.84% equity interest in Beijing Ideal with a fair value
     of approximately RMB168,627,000 was transferred as an investment accounted for using the equity method.

     The consideration of the transaction will be paid by instalments prior to December 31, 2026. As of June 30,
     2025, consideration in cash of RMB20,000,000 had been received by the Group in accordance with the agreed
     payment schedule. As at June 30, 2025, the current portion of remaining receivables arising from the equity transfer
     amounted to RMB16,000,000.

32   TRANSFER FROM JOINT VENTURE TO A SUBSIDIARY UPON ACQUISITION OF
     CONTROL
     On January 20, 2026, the Group further acquired a 39.58% equity interest in Wake UP from other shareholders at
     a total consideration of RMB278,363,000. Following completion of the transaction, the Group’s ownership interest
     in Wake UP rose from 45% to 84.58%. As the Group obtained control over Wake UP, Wake UP became a directly
     non-wholly owned subsidiary, having previously been accounted for as a joint venture.




                                                                                           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                         77
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32   TRANSFER FROM JOINT VENTURE TO A SUBSIDIARY UPON ACQUISITION OF
     CONTROL (continued)
     The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Wake UP at the date of acquisition is as follows:

                                                                                                Notes                 RMB’000

     Net assets acquired:
     Property, plant and equipment                                                                14                    11,587
     Right-of-use assets                                                                         13(a)                    3,991
     Intangible assets                                                                            15                  270,440
     Trade and other receivables                                                                                        89,355
     Inventories                                                                                                        28,400
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          49,614
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                          (25,781)
     Borrowing                                                                                                         (22,000)
     Trade and other payables                                                                                          (39,486)
     Contract liabilities                                                                                                (5,609)


     Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                      360,511


     Total consideration                                                                                               278,363
     Add: Investment in joint venture                                                             16                   292,076
     Add: Gain on remeasurement                                                                    8                    24,396
     Add: Non-controlling interest                                                                                      55,586
     Less: Fair value of new assets acquired                                                                          (360,511)


     Goodwill arising from acquisition                                                            15                  289,910


     Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:
     Cash consideration paid                                                                                          200,000
     Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                (49,614)


                                                                                                                      150,386




        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
78      Interim Report 2026
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




33   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
     Acquisition of equity interest in Beijing Paradigm Artificial Intelligence Equity Investment Fund
     (Limited Partnership) (“Beijing Paradigm AI Fund”)
     On March 31, 2026, the Group further acquired a 19.72% equity interest in Beijing Paradigm AI Fund from
     shareholder of Beijing Paradigm AI Fund at a total consideration of RMB38,436,000. Following completion of
     the transaction, the Group’s ownership interest in Beijing Paradigm AI Fund rose to 71.40%. As the Group had
     majority members in decision committee of Beijing Paradigm AI Fund, and obtained control over Beijing Paradigm
     AI Fund, Beijing Paradigm AI Fund became a non-wholly owned subsidiary, having previously been accounted for
     as a financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. The consideration for the equity transfer comprises cash of
     RMB23,962,000 and recognised as other payables of RMB14,474,000.

     The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Beijing Paradigm AI Fund at the date of acquisition is as
     follows:

                                                                                             Notes                   RMB’000

     Net assets acquired:
     Investment in accounted for using the equity method                                       16                     74,400
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                           278,320
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        63,270
     Other payables                                                                                                    (2,710)


     Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                     413,280


     Total consideration                                                                                               38,436
     Add: Non-controlling interest                                                                                     66,584
     Add: Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                       300,776
     Less: Fair value of new assets acquired                                                                         (413,280)


     Gain on remeasurement                                                                      8                      (7,484)


     Net cash inflow arising on acquisition:
     Cash consideration paid                                                                                          (23,962)
     Cash and cash equivalent                                                                                          63,270


                                                                                                                      39,308




                                                                                           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                          79
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34   RELATED PARTY BALANCES/TRANSACTIONS
     Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or
     exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operation decisions. Parties are also
     considered to be related if they are subject to common control. Members of key management and their close family
     members of the Group are also considered as related parties.

     The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the periods
     presented. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the
     normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

     (a)      Names and relationships with related parties
              The following companies are related parties of the Group that had transactions and/or balances with the
              Group during the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

              Names of the major related parties                    Relationship


              Yijing Zhilian (Wuxi) Technology Co., Ltd.            Associate of the Group
                 (“Yijing Zhilian”)
              Beijing Data Element Intelligent Technology           Associate of the Group
                 Co., Ltd. (“Data Element”)
              Zhongneng Shibei Technology and its consolidated      Associate of the Group (a subsidiary of the Group prior
                 subsidiaries (“Zhongneng Shibei Technology”)         to April 2024)
              EpicHust Technology and its consolidated              Associate of the Group (a subsidiary of the Group prior
                 subsidiaries. (“EpicHust Technology”)                to August 2024)
              Beijing Ideal                                         Associate of the Group (a subsidiary of the Group on
                                                                      or prior to June 2025)
              Wake UP                                               Joint venture of the Group (a prior to February 2026)
              Lianxu Qi                                             Non-controlling shareholder and management of
                                                                      the Group
              Beijing Paradigm Private Fund Management              Associate of the Controlling‑person
                Co., Ltd. (“Paradigm Private Fund”)




           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
80         Interim Report 2026
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34   RELATED PARTY BALANCES/TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (b)   Major transactions with related parties
                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

           (i)   Sales of goods and services
                 EpicHust Technology                                                         –                   12


                                                                                             –                   12


           (ii) Purchases of goods and services
                Data Element                                                            1,708                      –
                Wake UP                                                                 2,967                  3,105
                Paradigm Private Fund                                                   2,535                      –


                                                                                        7,210                  3,105


                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

           (iii) Loan to related parties
                 Loan to Zhongneng Shibei Technology:
                 At the beginning of the period                                           444                 35,326
                 Waiver of balance                                                       (444)                     –
                 Interest income (Note 10)                                                  –                    101


                 At the end of the period                                                    –                35,427


                 Loan to EpicHust Technology:
                 At the beginning of the period and at the end of the period                 –                10,000


                 Loan to Wake UP:
                 At the beginning of the period                                      223,997                       –
                 Interest income (Note 10)                                               121                       –
                 Payments                                                           (200,000)                      –
                 Acquisition of subsidiaries                                         (24,118)                      –


                 At the end of the period                                                    –                     –




                                                                                    Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                  81
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34   RELATED PARTY BALANCES/TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (b)      Major transactions with related parties (continued)
                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

              (iv) Advance from a non-controlling shareholder:
                   Lianxu Qi:
                   At the beginning of the period                                     –             8,500
                   Additions                                                          –             8,800
                   Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control              –           (17,300)


                    At the end of the period                                          –                   –

                                                                                  As at            As at
                                                                               June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                  2026             2025
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)         (Audited)

              (i)   Trade receivables from related parties
                    Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                     731               731
                    Beijing Ideal                                                     –                65
                    Wake UP                                                           –             9,357


                                                                                    731            10,153


              (ii) Prepayments and other receivables from related parties
                   Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                        –              444
                   Wake UP                                                            –          223,997


                                                                                      –          224,441


              (iii) Trade payables to related parties
                    Yijing Zhilian                                                    –                 789
                    Data Element                                                    661                 236
                    Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                       –                 139


                                                                                    661             1,164




           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
82         Interim Report 2026
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34   RELATED PARTY BALANCES/TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (c)    Major balances with related parties
                                                                                              As at                As at
                                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                              2026                 2025
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)             (Audited)

            (iv) Contract liabilities from related parties
                 Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                                     427                  348
                 EpicHust Technology                                                             150                   80
                 Beijing Ideal                                                                   386                   87

                                                                                                 963                  515

                                                                                              As at                As at
                                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                              2026                 2025
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)             (Audited)

            (v) Other payables to related parties
                Paradigm Private Fund                                                          5,087                     –

                                                                                               5,087                     –

     (d)    Key management personnel compensation
            The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other key management personnel is as follows:

                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

            Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                        5,539                 6,266
            Contributions to pension plans                                                       153                   259
            Other social security costs, housing benefits and
              other employee benefits                                                           253                   381
            Share-based payment expenses                                                     11,043                     –

                                                                                             16,988                  6,906

35   EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
     On August 7, 2026, Phancy Beijing (the lessee), a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a
     sales and leaseback agreement with an independent third party (the lessor) in relation to the transfer of the leased
     servers and accessories by the lessee to the lessor and the leaseback thereof by the lessee from the lessor. The
     total asset transfer consideration is RMB691,875,000, with a 60-month floating-rate lease. The Company provided
     a joint and several guarantee, and the subsidiary pledges its service income receivables as security. The leased assets
     may be repurchased at RMB1 when the lease expires.
                                                                                           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                         83
DEFINITIONS




In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the meanings set out below.
These definitions may not correspond to any industry-standard definitions and may not be directly comparable to similarly
titled terms adopted by other companies operating in the same industry as the Company.

“2025 Placing”                   the conditional placing of the placing shares by the placing agents on the terms and subject
                                 to the conditions set out in the placing agreement dated February 7, 2025 between the
                                 Company and the placing agents in relation to the placing under the general mandate

“2025 Subscription and           the conditional subscription and placing by the subscriber and placing agent on the terms
  Placing”                       and subject to the conditions set out in the subscription agreement dated July 17, 2025
                                 between the Company and the subscriber, and the placing agreement dated July 17, 2025
                                 between the Company and the placing agent in relation to the placing under the general
                                 mandate

“2026 Placing”                   the conditional placing of the placing shares by the placing agents on the terms and subject
                                 to the conditions set out in the placing agreement dated April 22, 2026 between the
                                 Company and the placing agents in relation to the placing under the general mandate

“associate(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”                the audit committee of the Board

“Beijing New Wisdom”             Beijing New Wisdom Pilot Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京新智領航管理諮詢有限公
                                 司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on April 9, 2020 and the sole general
                                 partner of our employee incentive platforms, which is owned as to 99.0% and 1.0% by Dr.
                                 Dai and his spouse, respectively, and is one of our controlling Shareholders

“Beijing Paradigm New            Beijing Paradigm New Wisdom Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (北京範式新智企業管理
  Wisdom”                        有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on January 12, 2023, the sole
                                 general partner of Nanjing Paradigm and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Beijing New Wisdom

“Board”                          the board of Directors

“China” or “PRC”                 the People’s Republic of China

“CNCF”                           Cloud Native Computing Foundation

“Company” or “Phancy”            Phancy Group Co., Ltd. (範式智能技術集團股份有限公司), the H Shares of which are listed
                                 on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6682)

“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company

“Dr. Dai”                        Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵), the chairman of the Board, an executive Director, the chief
                                 executive officer and one of our controlling Shareholders




            Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
84          Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                            DEFINITIONS




“Employee Incentive        the employee incentive scheme of the Company approved and adopted by the Board
  Scheme”                  on April 25, 2021, the principal terms of which are summarized in “Statutory and General
                           Information – Further Information about our Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management
                           and Substantial Shareholders – 5. Employee Incentive Scheme” in Appendix VI to the
                           Prospectus; it does not constitute a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules

“Equity Incentive Scheme” the equity incentive scheme of the Company approved by the Shareholders on September
                          19, 2024

“Global Offering”          the global offering of the H Shares as described in the Prospectus

“Group” or “we”            the Company and its subsidiaries (or the Company and any one or more of its subsidiaries, as
                           the context may require)

“H Share(s)”               the overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value
                           of RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for and traded in Hong Kong dollars and listed on
                           the Stock Exchange

“HK$”                      Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Stock           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  Exchange” or “Stock
  Exchange”

“HongShan”                 HongShan funds and entities engaged in investment-related activities and principally
                           focused on companies located in or connected with China

“IFRS”                     International Financial Reporting Standards, including standards, amendments and
                           interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and International
                           Accounting Standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards
                           Committee

“Listing”                  the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”             September 28, 2023, the date on which the H Shares were listed and permitted to
                           commence trading on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as amended,
                           supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Main Board”               the stock exchange (excluding the options market) operated by the Stock Exchange, which is
                           independent from and operates in parallel with GEM of the Stock Exchange




                                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                     85
DEFINITIONS




“Nanjing Paradigm” or         Nanjing Paradigm Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南
  “Nanjing Phancy”            京範式企業管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                              December 29, 2022, of which Beijing Paradigm New Wisdom is the sole general partner

“Paradigm Chuqi”              Tianjin Paradigm Chuqi Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津
                              範式出奇管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                              on April 21, 2021, of which Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner, and one of
                              our controlling Shareholders. Paradigm Chuqi holds more than one-third of the limited
                              partnership interests in Paradigm Investment

“Paradigm Investment” or      Paradigm (Tianjin) Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (範式（天津）
  “Phancy Investment”         管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), formerly known as Paradigm (Ningbo Free Trade Zone)
                              Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                              on March 29, 2018, of which Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner, and one of
                              our employee incentive platforms and controlling Shareholders

“Paradigm Yinyuan” or         Tianjin Paradigm Yinyuan Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津
  “Phancy Yinyuan”            範式隱元管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                              April 21, 2021, of which Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner, and one of our
                              controlling Shareholders

“Phancy Beijing”              Fourth Paradigm (Beijing) Data & Technology Co., Ltd. (第四範式（北京）技術有限公司), a
                              limited liability company established under PRC law and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of
                              the Company

“Prospectus”                  the prospectus issued by the Company on September 18, 2023 in connection with the
                              Hong Kong public offering under the Global Offering

“Reporting Period”            the six months ended June 30, 2026

“RMB” or “Renminbi”           Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Securities and               the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
  Futures Ordinance”          amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
  or “SFO”

“Share(s)”                    ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each

“Share Option Scheme”         the share option scheme of the Company approved by the Shareholders on September 19,
                              2024

“Shareholder(s)”              holder(s) of the Shares

“subsidiary(ies)”             has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules




         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
86       Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                 DEFINITIONS




“substantial                   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules
  shareholder(s)”

“Supervisor(s)”                member(s) of the Supervisory Committee of the Company

“treasury share(s)”            has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“United States” or “U.S.”      the United States of America, its territories, possessions and all areas subject to its
                               jurisdiction

“U.S. dollar”, “US$” or        United States dollar, the lawful currency of the United States
  “USD”

“%”                            Per cent.

For ease of reference, the names of PRC laws and regulations, governmental authorities, institutions, natural persons or
other entities (including our subsidiaries) referred to in this report have been included in both Chinese and English. In the
event of any inconsistency, the Chinese names shall prevail.

Any discrepancies in any table between totals and sums of individual amounts listed therein are due to rounding.




                                                                                            Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                          87
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS




“AI”                           artificial intelligence, simulation of human intelligence by machines

“AIGS”                         AI-Generated Software

“AIoT”                         artificial intelligence of things, combining the connectivity of IoT with data-driven insights
                               derived from AI

“algorithm”                    a formulaic procedure for solving a problem through a sequence of specified actions

“cloud”                        the computers and connections that support cloud computing

“computing power cloud”        the practice of storing computer data and programs across multiple servers accessible
                               through the internet

“enterprise AI”                AI technologies and software applied by enterprises to address their business needs and
                               drive their digital and automation transformation

“IDC”                          International Data Corporation

“IoT”                          internet of things

“IT”                           information technology

“machine learning”             the scientific study of algorithms and statistical models that computer systems use to
                               effectively perform specific tasks without being explicitly programmed to do so

“platform-centric”             an AI solution featuring an AI development platform in addition to AI applications and
                               underlying computing infrastructure

“R&D”                          research and development




          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
88        Interim Report 2026
