(於中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限公司)                                               (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

股份代號 : 6682                                                         Stock Code : 6682




                                         Interim Report 2025 中期報告




                        中 期 報 告   2025                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT          2025
CONTENTS
2    Corporate Information

4    Financial Highlights

5    Business Review and Outlook

15   Management Discussion and Analysis

24   Other Information

34   Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

36   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

38   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

40   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

42   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

44   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

80   Definitions

84   Glossary of Technical Terms
CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Executive Directors
                                                         HONG KONG
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵) (Chairman, Chief Executive         Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
  Officer and General Manager)                           33 Hysan Avenue
Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強) (Chief Research Scientist)        Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝) (Vice Chairman and Senior Vice
  President)                                             H SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                         Tricor Investor Services Limited
Non-executive Directors                                  17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                      16 Harcourt Road
Mr. Dou Shuai (竇帥)                                       Hong Kong
Mr. Zhang Jing (張晶)
                                                         AUDITOR
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                         Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)                                       (formerly known as CL Partners CPA Limited)
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)                                        Unit 3203A-05, Tower 2, Lippo Centre
Mr. Liu Zhuzhan (劉助展)(1)                                 Admiralty
                                                         Hong Kong
Employee Representative Director
Mr. Chai Yifei (柴亦飛)(2)                                  HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
                                                         Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                          Suites 3203-3207, 32/F, Edinburgh Tower
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱) (Chairman)                          The Landmark
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                     15 Queen’s Road Central
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                      Central
                                                         Hong Kong
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂) (Chairlady)
                                                         AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                      Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝)
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)                                     Ms. Yeung Siu Wai Kitty (楊小慧)

NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵) (Chairman)                         Mr. Peng Jun (彭駿)
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                     Ms. Yeung Siu Wai Kitty (楊小慧)
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)

HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Block A, Hongyuan New Era
Shangdi West Road
Haidian District, Beijing
the PRC




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
2         Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                        CORPORATE INFORMATION




PRINCIPAL BANKERS
China Merchants Bank, Haidian Branch
No. 56, North 4th Ring Road West
Beijing, the PRC

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Haidian West
District Branch
No. 65, North 4th Ring Road West
Beijing, the PRC

STOCK CODE
6682

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.4paradigm.com

Notes:

(1)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan was appointed as
         an independent non-executive Director.

(2)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Chai Yifei was appointed as
         an employee representative Director.




                                                                            Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                            3
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                 2025            2024
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                          (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                     2,626,497        1,866,600
Gross profit                                                  990,407          789,946
Operating loss                                                (84,882)        (189,120)
Loss before income tax                                        (75,349)        (163,613)
Loss for the period                                           (73,894)        (168,532)

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                As at            As at
                                                             June 30,     December 31,
                                                                2025             2024
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                          (Unaudited)         (Audited)

Assets
Non-current assets                                          1,866,422        1,897,380
Current assets                                              5,892,856        5,690,265


Total assets                                                7,759,278        7,587,645


Liabilities
Non-current liabilities                                        13,982           19,252
Current liabilities                                         1,482,635        2,497,505


Total liabilities                                           1,496,617        2,516,757


Total equity and liabilities                                7,759,278        7,587,645




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
4          Interim Report 2025
                                                                            BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




BUSINESS REVIEW
In the first half of 2025, the Group recorded revenue of RMB2,626 million, representing a year-on-year growth of
approximately 40.7%. During the Period, the Group deepened the implementation and application of its “AI agent +
World Model” strategy, effectively capturing the AI transformation demands of enterprise clients in high-value scenarios.
This drove an approximate 71.9% year-on-year revenue growth in the Group’s core business, the “4ParadigmSage AI
Platform”, reaching RMB2,149 million, which accounted for approximately 81.8% of the Group’s total revenue.

Benefiting from the significant revenue growth during the Period and the further realization of operating leverage effects, the
Group recorded an adjusted net loss attributable to the shareholders of the Company (a non-IFRS measure) of RMB43.70
million for the Reporting Period, which narrowed by approximately 71.2% from RMB151.6 million for the same period last
year.

We firmly believe that through continuous investment in technological innovation, the Company will remain at the
forefront of the exploration and commercial implementation of AI technology. Over the past six months, the Company
has centered on the core technological path of “AI agent + World Model”, conducting extensive and comprehensive
capability iterations for the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform in areas such as agent development toolchains, intelligent agent
frameworks, AI application matrix and computing power and model resource scheduling. The goal is to develop this
platform into a foundational infrastructure capable of empowering enterprises to fully capitalize on AI, thereby creating a
new AI productivity system. During the Period, our R&D expenditure amounted to RMB893 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of approximately 5.1%. Meanwhile, the scale effect of R&D investment became fully evident, with the R&D
expense ratio at 34.0%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.5%.

During the Period, we were excited to observe that the value proposition of “AI agent + World Model” achieved
comprehensive adoption among enterprise clients. The number of lighthouse users during the Period reached 90, an
increase of four compared to the same period last year, and the average revenue per lighthouse user was RMB17.98
million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 56.6%. This growth trajectory in average revenue per user
indicates that the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform is rapidly becoming the AI productivity infrastructure for enterprises.




                                                                        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                             5
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Core Business Progress
“4Paradigm” Spearheading Enterprise-side AI Implementation, Shaping AI-Native Productivity
“AI agent + World Model” has been our key focus since artificial intelligence entered the era of large models. On the one
hand, an AI agent is capable of comprehending user instructions and intent, decomposing and prioritizing complex task
objectives, and assisting users in task execution, thereby enhancing individual productivity. On the other hand, a vertical
world model trained on data from high-value scenarios enables precise understanding of domain-specific knowledge and
generates optimal strategies for subsequent actions. The organic integration of these two powerful capabilities, allowing
each to play its proper role in the appropriate context, is what we define as true AI implementation. Therefore, we maintain
that for AI to generate real value, it is not about deploying a large language model (LLM), but about building systemic
comprehension anchored by vertical world models. LLMs alone represent fragmented intelligence, whereas vertical world
models, trained on vast amounts of high-value scenario data, embody genuine logical understanding. Without the support
of underlying decision-making models, LLMs cannot operate effectively in the real world. The combination of “AI agent +
World Model” represents the new quality productive force solution that 4Paradigm offers to a wide range of users in the
current era driven by AI-native capabilities.

During the Period, we launched intelligent agent solutions of “AI agent + industry-specific large models” across multiple
sectors, driving a leap in productivity for our enterprise users. For example, in the port operations sector, an intelligent
agent can inform business personnel about inefficient berth utilization in the previous month due to suboptimal cargo
unloading sequences, while also identifying a 20% higher container turnover rate in the southern yard area, provided
with real-time optimization suggestions for storage strategies based on cargo status. As an AI-powered daily assistant
for real estate agents, the intelligent agent leverages property knowledge databases and regulatory policy models to
address brokers’ immediate learning needs across client consultations, contract interpretation and policy compliance. It
delivers 24/7 professional Q&A support and scenario-based training. In addition, through customer behavior analysis and
recommendation models, it interprets clients’ browsing, inquiries and historical transaction data to understand their housing
preferences and demands, intelligently matching property listings and delivering personalized recommendations. In the
legal industry, an intelligent agent serves as “contract scanner + risk detector”, completing manual contract reviews, which
traditionally take hours, in just minutes. This not only eliminates human oversight, ensuring comprehensive coverage of all
critical risk points, but also enforces uniform review standards, avoiding inconsistencies that arise from different reviewers’
interpretations. In the manufacturing sector, an intelligent agent helped an aircraft manufacturing group reduce component
lifecycle costs by hundreds of millions of yuan, while a semiconductor and integrated power company increased its
production capacity by 13% through intelligent production scheduling and dispatching in semiconductor manufacturing.
Our intelligent agents can also help medical institutions achieve a comprehensive intelligent upgrade from diagnosis and
treatment to operational management. By understanding the needs of doctors and patients and connecting to a rich array
of specialized vertical models in the healthcare industry, they have achieved a 60% increase in medical resource utilization,
a 14.5% annual increase in the number of surgical operations and an average time saving of 0.25 hours per surgery,
thereby helping medical institutions practically enhance their patient admission capacity and efficiency.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
6         Interim Report 2025
                                                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




“Phancy” Launches a Series of New Products, Accelerating Brand Ecosystem Expansion and
Ushering in a New Paradigm of Consumer Electronics
In March of this year, the Group launched its “Phancy” consumer electronics business, positioned to provide the market
with integrated software and hardware solutions based on AI agents. By embedding intelligent agent modules into edge
devices, “Phancy” empowers users with AI agent capabilities. Based on an open technology cooperation mindset, we
are committed to helping a wide range of brands to easily create AI consumer electronics products, so that consumer
electronics can truly become consumer products. In the first quarter following the business launch, “Phancy” joined hands
with brands such as Bruce Lee, Lamborghini and Lenovo to launch a variety of smartwatches equipped with “Phancy”
AI chipset, and worked with partners upstream and downstream in the industry chain to launch a variety of consumer
electronic products and solutions such as smart glasses, smart earphones and smartphone back attachments. These
products are now available online and offline across all channels. Through these smart terminal devices, users can activate
the intelligent agent via various methods such as voice and button presses, easily accessing a wealth of AI functions like
data queries, simultaneous interpretation, meeting transcription, AI-powered photo recognition, high-definition image
capture, smart navigation and health advice.

Beyond product launches, the Company is also collaborating with numerous software and hardware partners to build an
ecosystem of intelligent connectivity for all things, continuously enhancing the influence of the “Phancy” ecosystem. In
May 2025, “Phancy” appeared at the OpenHarmony Developer Conference and entered into a strategic partnership with
OpenHarmony. Leveraging the powerful edge-side AI capabilities of OpenHarmony OS and “Phancy”, the collaboration
aims to lower the barrier for developers, enrich OpenHarmony’s application ecosystem, and drive the widespread adoption
and commercialization of AI technology, creating a smarter connectivity experience for users worldwide. In the same
month, “Phancy” has reached strategic cooperation with Bluetrum, Jieli Technology and Beken Corporation, combining
ultra-low-power, high-performance AI chips with stable connectivity to provide robust support for edge AI devices, forming
a full-stack closed loop from chips to algorithms. All parties will engage in close cooperation on future research and
development of product categories such as smart glasses and smart toys.

Continuous Exploration of “AI+X” to Empower Industries with Artificial Intelligence
AI + Energy Storage
As an industry-leading productivity infrastructure, the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform is committed to empowering various
sectors to truly shift from “Business + AI” to “AI + Business.” In emerging areas such as Virtual Power Plant, we are
committed to aggregating distributed power supplies (e.g., photovoltaic, wind power), controllable loads (e.g., air-
conditioning, electric vehicle charging piles), energy storage systems and other resources scattered in the power grid,
and carrying out unified coordination, optimization, and control, so that AI can become a pair of “invisible hands” and help
Virtual Power Plant participate in the operation of the power market in all aspects, and provide a variety of services for the
power grid, such as peak shaving and frequency shifting.




                                                                        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                            7
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Recently, 4Paradigm has partnered with HyperStrong to establish a joint venture to deploy in the “AI + Energy Storage”
field actively. This collaboration aims to deeply integrate AI technology with energy storage system R&D, production, and
full lifecycle management technology. Based on 4Paradigm’s many years of business experience in the energy sector and
its vast reserve of world models for the energy domain, by utilizing AI to forecast real-time fluctuations in grid supply and
demand, combined with the technical characteristics of energy storage systems, the joint venture dynamically optimizes
charging and discharging strategies for energy storage facilities. This enhances the efficiency and returns of energy storage
participation in the power market transactions. Through continuous AI-driven analysis of operational data, the joint venture
enables intelligent maintenance and management of energy storage stations, improving their safety, efficiency and reliability.
This is crucial for the stable operation of long-duration energy storage power stations and for addressing the management
challenges posed by large-capacity cells and systems, effectively reducing operational costs and extending the service life
of the stations.

AI + Stablecoin
Amid the rapid development of global fintech, stablecoins, as a special type of digital currency, are gradually emerging
as a key link connecting traditional finance and the digital asset ecosystem. The recent implementation of the Hong Kong
Stablecoins Ordinance marks a significant milestone in the compliance journey of stablecoins, reflecting the growing
maturity of regulatory frameworks worldwide. This has ushered in a new era of compliant and institutionalized development
for stablecoins. The core value of stablecoins lies in their relative value stability, typically pegged to fiat currencies (such as
the USD and HKD). This requires issuers to professionally and effectively manage real-world asset reserves. Issuers must
not only rationally allocate investment portfolios but also conduct round-the-clock risk monitoring of reserves to maintain
currency value stability. Against this backdrop, the industry faces increasing demand for robust asset management
solutions, enhanced regulatory transparency and greater investor confidence.

As a leading enterprise in the field of artificial intelligence, 4Paradigm, with its profound AI technological expertise and a
decade of practical experience serving top financial institutions across the nation, has keenly identified the development
needs of the stablecoin ecosystem and is committed to providing one-stop AI capability for the future secure flow of
stablecoins, and to be the core infrastructure of the future stablecoin trading market.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
8         Interim Report 2025
                                                                                              BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




During the Period, 4Paradigm entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with a leading brokerage firm, jointly
developing and exploring the “AI + Stablecoin Risk Control & Compliance Solution”. This solution relies on the Company’s
distinctive AI anti-money laundering system and transaction anti-fraud solutions. It uses AI algorithms to automatically parse
global regulatory documents, dynamically adjust compliance parameters, and generate tailored strategies by leveraging
big data to monitor cross-border fund flows and on-chain data. It provides timely warnings for risks such as “stablecoin
depegging”. In anti-fraud, it integrates various advanced analytical techniques to precisely identify money laundering
rings and dynamically optimizes the anti-money laundering rule base through AI to effectively counter new types of fraud,
thereby building a security barrier for the entire lifecycle of stablecoin issuance, circulation and redemption. For underlying
asset returns for stablecoins, 4Paradigm has entered into a strategic partnership and established a joint venture with 9M
Technologies Limited (“9M Technologies”), a fixed-income FinTech platform, to jointly launch the “Stablecoin Underlying
Asset Management Solution”. The solution includes a management platform for stablecoin underlying asset portfolios for
the dynamic management of asset pools pegged to USD/RMB/HKD; a stablecoin portfolio risk monitoring engine that
connects off-chain asset allocation with on-chain risk dynamics; a one-stop solution integrating compliance, custody and
a portfolio engine; and a “Stablecoin Participation Strategy Component” for traditional asset management institutions,
ensuring the security and return stability of stablecoin assets from multiple dimensions. In the short term, the two parties will
soon launch a “Compliance + Portfolio Management” SaaS solution, enabling institutions to meet regulatory requirements.
In the medium term, they will jointly build a rating system and API services to promote industry standardization. In the long
term, they will build a national-level technology foundation to support strategic projects such as the digital RMB.

PERFORMANCE BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS
4ParadigmSage AI Platform (4ParadigmSage)
During the Period, the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform business (the “4ParadigmSage AI Platform”) generated revenue of
RMB2,149 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 71.9%. Revenue from the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform business
accounted for 81.8% of the Group’s total revenue.

We are committed to making our core AI platform products the core productivity infrastructure for the enterprise AI era.
This position means that our platform is no longer just a tool, but like water, electricity and network, it is deeply integrated
into the bloodstream of enterprise operation and becomes an indispensable underlying driving force for business growth.
Our platform is deeply penetrating into various business aspects and high-value scenarios of enterprises, from R&D,
manufacturing, and the supply chain to marketing, sales, and customer service, being ubiquitous everywhere. We focus
on key areas that have a decisive impact on cost, efficiency and innovation, and through precise AI empowerment, we turn
data into insights, insights into action, and ultimately action into tangible business value.




                                                                         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                               9
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




To achieve this goal, we are expanding and deepening the boundaries of our AI capabilities across the board. During
the Period, the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform underwent a comprehensive upgrade. From the underlying computing
power platform and the AIOS operating system with enterprise-grade features to the top-level SageSuite software suite,
it provides a full-spectrum, high-efficiency and cost-effective AI digital transformation infrastructure and an end-to-end
toolchain for model and software development, building a new AI productivity system for enterprise clients. 4Paradigm’s
deep integration in software-defined computing power signifies a new phase for enterprise AI infrastructure – one defined
by hardware-software co-design and scenario-centric optimization. We will further advance the integrated innovation of
the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform’s software with industry-specific scenarios and hardware computing power, enabling
enterprises to achieve exponential gains in AI value realization.

Computing Power Platform Layer: Refined and Efficient Computing Power Pooling Management and
Heterogeneous Computing Power Virtualization Compatibility
During the Period, the Company achieved multiple capability breakthroughs. In terms of underlying computing power
management, the Company’s proprietary vGPU resource pooling technology has seen continuous innovation. Through
dynamic resource partitioning, intelligent task scheduling, and enhanced elastic expansion capabilities, it has achieved over
30% improvement in GPU utilization and a threefold increase in single-machine multi-task processing efficiency. Based
on its self-developed large model inference framework SLXLLM and inference accelerator card SLX, and leveraging multi-
task sharing and processing optimization technologies, the inference performance has been improved by 5-10 times. In
addition, the enterprise-grade AIOS provides support for computing power virtualization technology. The 4ParadigmSage
AI Platform currently supports thousand-card level cluster management and seamless expansion of enterprise computing
power, as well as compatibility with domestically produced general-purpose GPUs from various brands. These
advancements reduce customers’ switching costs and selection risks while ensuring computing stability. The Company
has established partnerships with leading domestic chip manufacturers. To address the surge in large model traffic load
resulting from the deployment of various agent applications by enterprise clients, the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform recently
introduced “model autoscaling” technology to cope with traffic fluctuations. Based on the load conditions, the system
automatically and flexibly switches models of different parameter sizes in the same series to provide model services,
eliminating the need for additional expansion of computing nodes, saving computing costs, enhancing the efficiency of
resource utilization and significantly reducing operation and maintenance workloads.

AIOS Operating System Layer: Achieving Technological Leaps and Implementation in Data Value Mining and
Software Development Paradigms
Amid the rapid advancement of AI technology, the pace of software application iteration continues to accelerate.
Addressing the strong demand from enterprises for AI-native software and the significant technological gap in transforming
such software into enterprise-grade productivity tools, 4Paradigm’s enterprise-level AIOS provides a foundational platform
with enterprise characteristics. It offers a range of functions such as unified access to structured data and unstructured
files, data source management, tenant permission management, security auditing and process orchestration and
scheduling, thereby laying out enterprise-grade universal capabilities.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
10        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Building upon its original robust toolkit for AI model development, 4Paradigm has further launched an end-to-end AI agent
development platform. Enterprise customers can now seamlessly integrate 150+ mainstream large models through Model
Hub, a built-in large model application platform within the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform. In addition, through the integrated
Dev+Serve form, it supports a complete closed loop of models from data management, training optimization and
performance evaluation to deployment and launch, and service monitoring. It realizes functions such as building custom
evaluation sets based on business scenarios, visualizing model horizontal and vertical evaluation results, and automatic
comparison.

Software Application Layer: Providing Enterprises with an Out-of-the-Box AI Agent Application Matrix
At the top software application layer, 4Paradigm provides enterprise clients with an out-of-the-box AI application matrix
and customized software to meet both general and personalized needs. Through pre-installed intelligent application suites,
we cover core enterprise scenarios, including AIGC, smart office, digital workforce, smart Q&A and AI local search. Against
the backdrop of strong demand for enterprise AI transformation, agent implementation and the out-of-the-box application
matrix significantly lower the technical barriers for enterprise software development and application, enabling enterprises to
achieve a higher return on investment in AI implementation.

During the Period, the Group also released multiple industry-specific agent application solutions, covering business
scenarios in banking, real estate brokerage, healthcare, water conservancy, industry, and law. These provide enterprise
clients with more industry-specific functional modules, facilitating their AI transformation and upgrading.

Through the development of our ecosystem partner system, leveraging the end-to-end capabilities, industry insights and
client resources of our ecosystem partners, we are able to extend our reach into more segments more efficiently, and
further promote product boundary expansion and industry resource integration. In the future, the Company will work with
more enterprise application partners to create various types of enterprise process and business software driven by AI
agents, so as to enhance the business operation efficiency of enterprise clients.

SHIFT Intelligent Solutions (4Paradigm SHIFT)
During the Period, revenue from the SHIFT Intelligent Solutions business reached RMB371 million, accounting for 14.1% of
the Group’s total revenue. This business is an extension of the “4ParadigmSage AI Platform” business on the solution. Its
exploration and development are fundamentally aimed at supporting the growth of the core “4ParadigmSage AI Platform”
business. As the standardization of 4ParadigmSage AI Platform’s delivery continues to improve, the Company has adjusted
the business positioning of its SHIFT solutions. In the future, it will focus more on implementing cutting-edge application
scenarios for key industries and strategic clients.




                                                                        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                           11
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




For example, in the construction industry, our intelligent 3D scanning and modeling terminal product provides
capabilities including data acquisition, intelligent recognition, automatic modeling and other capabilities, enabling
construction enterprises to achieve efficient, convenient and accurate data processing and modeling across various
application scenarios. This lays the foundation for construction enterprises’ digital management and development. In the
manufacturing sector, our AI products integrate industrial AI, optics and large-scale modes to enable rapid, lightweight and
flexible deployment, delivering a standardized yet lightweight quality inspection system that ensures high efficiency and
strong adaptive capability for manufacturers. In the energy sector, we provide enterprises with comprehensive AI strategy
consulting services. We delve into clients’ core business scenarios and real business data to help them achieve intelligent
transformation and a significant improvement in human efficiency ratio.

4ParadigmSageGPT AIGS Services (4Paradigm AIGS)
During the Period, revenue from the 4ParadigmSageGPT AIGS Services business reached RMB106 million, accounting for
approximately 4.1% of the Group’s total revenue. This business provides efficient development tools and services for the
core “4ParadigmSage AI Platform” business. Revenue from the SageGPT AIGS Services as a standalone offering declined
amidst the Company’s expansion pace for its core “4ParadigmSage AI Platform” business.

We will continue to iterate and optimize our AIGS Code X product, a generative AI-based auxiliary programming tool. The
product covers the entire enterprise R&D process, providing one-stop services including code autocompletion, comment
generation, code error correction, code refactoring and unit test generation. It essentially provides each developer with a
business-savvy “senior coding assistant”, lowering the programming barrier and boosting R&D efficiency, while establishing
a standardized “application production line”, and thus comprehensively improves organizational efficiency.

BUSINESS OUTLOOK
Looking ahead, the Group is poised to achieve significant breakthroughs and development in several key areas. On
the enterprise services side, we will continue to drive the replication and expansion of AI agent applications, extending
successful experiences to more industries and business scenarios. By continuously exploring new industry application
cases, we will create AI agent solutions that are more closely aligned with business needs. At the same time, 4Paradigm
will adhere to its R&D investment, continuously enhancing the ability of AI Agents to handle deep and complex problems.
We will break down barriers between business processes and departments to achieve efficient cross-functional and
cross-departmental collaboration. This will elevate operational efficiency and decision-making capabilities, reinforcing our
leadership in the enterprise AI market. Additionally, we will empower businesses to train more vertical world models through
the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform, unlocking deeper industry data value and increasing AI adoption in high-value scenarios.
These efforts will inject robust AI-driven productivity across sectors while expanding the Group’s market opportunities and
product sales growth.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
12        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Starting from the second half of the year, the “Phancy” consumer electronics business will accelerate its pace of innovation
and continue to iterate on AI solutions to lower the threshold for consumer electronics products to carry AI capabilities. At
the same time, the “Phancy” will also actively pursue partnerships, so that more internationally renowned consumer brands
will become the target of our empowerment, and join hands with the leading chip and module manufacturers in the industry
chain to build a richer ecosystem of consumer electronic products based on the “Phancy” AI smart module. By sharing
technology, resources and channels, we will continuously expand the reach of AI capabilities for “Phancy”, allowing more
consumers to experience the convenience and intelligence brought by AI-empowered consumer electronics, and shaping
a leading brand image in the consumer electronics AI field.

In terms of exploring emerging markets, 4Paradigm has already made solid strides in areas such as AI + Stablecoin
and AI + Energy Storage. At the same time, we are committed to combining AI technology with wider social needs and
industrial upgrading, and have launched initial exploration and attempts in areas such as “AI + Utilities”, “AI + Environmental
Protection”, and “AI + Embodied Intelligence”. In the future, we will continue to keenly capture cutting-edge trends, explore
more “AI+” possibilities, and uncover new commercial value and application scenarios. This will open up new business
models and growth curves for the Company, leading the trend of AI transformation.

Corporate Social Responsibility
The Board places great importance on corporate sustainable development capabilities. It firmly believes that a robust ESG
management system serves as the internal foundation for effectively fulfilling environmental and social responsibilities. The
Group has integrated sustainable development principles into its corporate strategy. It regularly reviews ESG progress and
assesses its effectiveness to strengthen risk management in response to evolving business demands driven by climate
change, technological advancements, and rising operational costs. The Group also continuously enhances its employees’
awareness of the importance of practicing ESG in strategy and operations through various means. To manage our
performance and identify potential risks in ESG, and to assist the Board with its ESG-related work, we have established an
Environmental, Social, and Governance Working Group (the “ESG Working Group”).

While ensuring its own development, 4Paradigm actively undertakes social responsibilities through practical actions,
investing significant funds, manpower and materials in areas such as rural revitalization, cultural education and
environmental protection to serve society and public welfare. Focusing on its core business, the Company will support
community development, solve social problems and protect endangered animals with its technological expertise, giving
back to society with tangible actions.




                                                                        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                           13
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




During the summer flood season, 4Paradigm collaborated with water conservancy agencies to develop a “Smart Flood
Control Large Model”. By using AI to predict the evolution paths of flood disasters, it enables precise dispatching of flood
control resources. This project not only promotes the digital upgrading of public safety governance but also ensures
regional socio-economic stability and ecological security, highlighting the inclusive value of technology. As part of its
commitment to AI corporate social responsibility, 4Paradigm continues to explore ESG-driven opportunities, integrating
sustainability considerations into its R&D and technology deployment.

Recently, extreme severe convective weather in parts of Beijing caused heavy rainfall, triggering floods and landslides that
affected multiple villages. In response, the Group promptly donated RMB2 million to the disaster-stricken areas. The funds
are designated to support urgent needs such as emergency rescue, provision of living supplies for the affected residents,
and post-disaster infrastructure restoration, helping the impacted communities overcome the difficulties and rebuild their
homes.

4Paradigm also received the “ESG Sustainable Development Excellence Enterprise Award” at the 2025 Jinge Award for
its innovative AI applications in ecological protection and disaster prevention. The award aims to recognize benchmark
enterprises that lead sustainable industry development and contribute to the “dual carbon” goals through the deep
integration of environmental responsibility, social governance and corporate governance. In the future, the Company will
continue to explore the infinite possibilities of AI for the benefit of society in more fields, using AI to solve social critical
challenges to truly achieve “AI for everyone”.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
14        Interim Report 2025
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL REVIEW
As a leading AI company, 4Paradigm focuses on developing and formulating innovative AI solutions to solve complex
industry problems, drive efficiency and technology advancement, and empower customers to create greater business
value. In the first half of 2025, despite the uncertainties in the global economy, our industry position and brand influence in
the AI field continued to grow and our business scale maintained steady expansion. Our total revenue increased by 40.7%
year-on-year to RMB2,626.5 million as compared with the first half of 2024.

While achieving stable growth in revenue, we focused on cost control and resource optimization, striving to promote the
continuous improvement of the Group’s operational efficiency. In first half of 2025, our loss for the period continued to
narrow year-on-year, that decreased by 56.2% or to RMB73.9 million as compared with the first half of 2024. Adjusted
loss for the period excluding non-operating factors also maintained a narrowing trend, with adjusted loss for the period
decreasing by 70.0% year-on-year to RMB50.6 million as compared with the first half of 2024, and therefore, we are
confident to the Group’s profitability.

Revenue
In the first half of 2025, our core business, the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform, continued to maintain a strong and rapid
growth. It realized revenue of RMB2,149.2 million, accounting for 81.8% of the Group’s total revenue and representing
a year-on-year growth of 71.9%, and was the core driver of the Group’s stable revenue growth. Our SHIFT Intelligent
Solutions and SageGPT AIGS Services each serves as an organic extension of 4ParadigmSage AI Platform. In the first
half of 2025, SHIFT Intelligent Solutions realized revenue of RMB370.9 million, representing a decrease of 18.1% year-
on-year; and SageGPT AIGS Services realized revenue of RMB106.3 million, representing a decrease of 34.8% year-on-
year. SHIFT Intelligent Solutions and SageGPT AIGS Services play an important role in complementing and supporting the
4ParadigmSage AI Platform’s accumulation of experience in application scenarios and promotion of iterative upgrades,
which contributes sustained momentum for the long-term growth of our core business, the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform.
The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue by business for the periods indicated.

                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                          2025                  2024                    Change
                                                                    RMB’Million            RMB’Million
                                                                    (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

4ParadigmSage AI Platform                                                 2,149.2               1,250.5                  71.9%
SHIFT Intelligent Solutions                                                 370.9                 452.9                 –18.1%
SageGPT AIGS Services                                                       106.3                 163.1                 –34.8%


Total                                                                     2,626.5               1,866.6                 40.7%

4ParadigmSage AI Platform
During the Reporting Period, our revenue from the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform amounted to RMB2,149.2 million (same
period in 2024: RMB1,250.5 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 71.9%. Revenue from the 4ParadigmSage
AI Platform as a percentage of total revenue increased from 67.0% in the first half of 2024 to 81.8% in the first half of
2025, primarily due to our continued iterative upgrades to the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform, the integration of stronger AI
capabilities, and the wider recognition of our superior product performance by users, thereby driving revenue growth.




                                                                        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                            15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SHIFT Intelligent Solutions
During the Reporting Period, our revenue from SHIFT Intelligent Solutions amounted to RMB370.9 million (same period
in 2024: RMB452.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 18.1%, mainly due to the fact that SHIFT Intelligent
Solutions served as a supplement to the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform, and with the continuous iteration and enhancement
of the capabilities of the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform, user demand for the digital transformation in the context of our
traditionally dominant application scenarios was realized via the 4ParadigmSage AI Platform. In the future, as we continue
to penetrate into more new industry application scenarios, user demand for SHIFT Intelligent Solutions will be further
unlocked.

SageGPT AIGS Services
During the Reporting Period, revenue from SageGPT AIGS Services amounted to RMB106.3 million (same period in 2024:
RMB163.1 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 34.8%, mainly due to our strategic expansion pace for the
core “4ParadigmSage AI Platform” business.

Cost of Sales
Our cost of sales consists primarily of (1) cost of finished goods sold, primarily representing procurement cost of hardware
components from third-party vendors, (2) technology service fees, primarily representing technology implementation costs
paid to third-party service providers for delivery, deployment and installation of customized AI applications that we develop
at users’ request, (3) employee benefit expenses, representing wages and benefits of our implementation and maintenance
personnel for our enterprise AI solutions, and (4) others.

During the Reporting Period, our cost of sales amounted to RMB1,636.1 million (same period in 2024: RMB1,076.7
million), representing a year-on-year increase of 52.0%. Our operating costs increased in line with the growth in our total
revenue, mainly driven by our hardware procurement costs.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
In the first half of 2025, in alignment with the growth in our total revenue, gross profit increased to RMB990.4 million
from RMB789.9 million in the same period of last year, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.4%. Our gross profit
margin decreased to 37.7% from 42.3% in the same period of last year, mainly due to the increase in the percentage of
hardware-related costs in revenue in the first half of 2025, driven by customer demand.

Selling and Marketing Expenses
During the Reporting Period, our selling and marketing expenses amounted to RMB189.1 million (same period in 2024:
RMB135.4 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 39.7%, mainly due to the fact that we continued to optimize the
Company’s branding strategy by appropriately expanding our investment in advertisements.

Administrative Expenses
During the Reporting Period, our administrative expenses amounted to RMB86.4 million (same period in 2024: RMB100.3
million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 13.9%, which was mainly due to the decrease of employee benefit
expenses and rental expenses.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
16        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Research and Development Expenses
As always, we have continued to invest in our core technology R&D to maintain our leading position in the industry and
our technological advancement. In the first half of 2025, our R&D focused on key and cutting-edge technology areas such
as enhancement of industry scenario application capability, product performance, AI generative software development
technology and open source machine learning. Our R&D expenses amounted to RMB893.4 million (same period in 2024:
RMB850.0 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 5.1%, as a result of more expenses on cloud service and other
technical service.

Reversals of/(Provision for) Credit Loss Allowance, Net
Our reversals of/(provision for) credit loss allowance, net mainly includes the credit loss allowance on trade receivables,
contract assets and other receivables.

During the Reporting Period, our reversal of credit loss allowance amounted to RMB14.4 million, while the provision for
credit loss allowance recognised for the same period of last year was RMB24.5 million, which was due to the decrease of
trade receivable balance and the enhancement of our collection management. In accordance with our accounting policy
and relevant internal management system, we have made prudent provision for bad debts and will continue to closely
monitor the recovery of receivables.

Other Income
Our other income consists primarily of (1) government grants; and (2) value-added tax and other tax refunds.

During the Reporting Period, our other income amounted to RMB41.6 million, compared to RMB77.0 million for the same
period of last year. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in value-added tax refunds received.

Other Gains, Net
Our other gains, net consists primarily of (1) fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, (2) net
foreign exchange gains, (3) net gain on partial disposal of an investment accounted for using the equity method, and (4) net
gain on partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control.

During the Reporting Period, our other gains, net amounted to RMB37.6 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
30.6%, mainly due to the investment gain on the partial disposal of equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei Technology in the
first half of last year.

Operating Loss
As a result of the foregoing, during the Reporting Period, our operating loss amounted to RMB84.9 million (same period in
2024: RMB189.1 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 55.1%.

Finance Income
During the Reporting Period, our finance income amounted to RMB30.6 million as compared to RMB28.6 million for the
same period of last year, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.0%, mainly due to the increase in interest income
received on bank deposits.

Finance Costs
During the Reporting Period, our finance costs amounted to RMB1.4 million as compared to RMB4.7 million for the same
period of last year. The year-on-year decrease of 70.2% was mainly due to the decrease of interest expense on payable for
acquisition of subsidiaries recognized in the first half of last year.



                                                                          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                               17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Loss for the Period
As a result of the foregoing, during the Reporting Period, our loss for the period amounted to RMB73.9 million (same
period in 2024: RMB168.5 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 56.2%.

Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with IFRS, we use adjusted net loss (a non-
IFRS measure) as additional financial measure, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. We
believe that these non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of operating performance from period to period and company
to company by eliminating potential impacts of certain items. We believe that these measures provide useful information
to investors in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our
management. However, presentation of adjusted net loss (a non-IFRS measure) may not be comparable to similarly titled
measures presented by other companies. The use of these non-IFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and
investors should not consider them in isolation from, or as a substitute for analysis of, our results of operations or financial
conditions as reported under IFRS.

Adjusted Loss for the Period
We define adjusted loss for the period as loss for the period adding back interest expense on share-based compensation
expenses.

The following table reconciles our non-IFRS financial measures in each year presented to the financial measures prepared
in accordance with IFRS.

                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                           2025                  2024                 Change
                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                     (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

Loss for the period                                                        (73,894)            (168,532)              –56.2%
Share-based compensation expenses                                           23,274                    –               100.0%


Adjusted net loss                                                          (50,620)            (168,532)              –70.0%


Loss for the period attributable to the owners of
  the Company                                                              (66,973)            (151,598)              –55.8%
Share-based compensation expenses                                           23,274                    –               100.0%


Adjusted net loss attributable to the owners of
  the Company                                                              (43,699)            (151,598)              –71.2%

We have historically funded our cash requirements principally from capital contributions from shareholders. After the Global
Offering, we intend to finance our future capital requirements through equity financing activities and debt financing activities
in a balanced manner. We do not anticipate any changes to the availability of financing to fund our operation in the future.

As at June 30, 2025, all the Group’s borrowings were denominated in RMB. The Group’s borrowings bear fixed interest
rate at 4%, all of which are due for maturity within one year.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
18        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Cash and Bank Balances
As at June 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalents, term bank deposits and restricted cash of the Group totalled
approximately RMB2,698.4 million (December 31, 2024: RMB1,825.8 million). Most of the cash and cash equivalents of
the Group were denominated in United States Dollar and RMB. The term bank deposits and restricted cash of the Group
were denominated in RMB.

Liquid Cash Resources
The Group’s liquid cash resources comprise cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term bank deposits, short-
term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss, and restricted cash. As at June 30, 2025, the Group had
liquid cash resources of approximately RMB3,264.8 million (December 31, 2024: RMB2,301.0 million).

Net Current Assets
Our net current assets increased from RMB3,192.8 million as at December 31, 2024 to RMB4,410.2 million as at June 30,
2025, mainly due to the decrease of current liabilities.

Current Ratio
As at June 30, 2025, our current ratio (current assets divided by current liabilities) was approximately 4.0, up from 2.3 as at
December 31, 2024, reflecting our strong ability to withstand financial risks.

Capital Management and Gearing Ratio
As at June 30, 2025, our gearing ratio (total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity holders of the
Company) was approximately 0.03% (December 31, 2024: 0.1%). We have a relatively healthy capital structure. After
taking into account the Group’s future business plans and the macroeconomic environment, we may seek debt or equity
financing as necessary to continuously optimize our capital structure.

Capital Commitments
As at June 30, 2025, we had capital commitments with respect to equity investments amounting to RMB50.0 million
(December 31, 2024: RMB4.0 million).

Contingent Liabilities
As at June 30, 2025, we did not have any material contingent liabilities.

Pledge of Assets
As at June 30, 2025, save for restricted cash of RMB0.5 million as security deposits mainly for bidding, issuance of letter of
guarantee or bank acceptance bills, the Group had no material pledge of assets.

Foreign Exchange Risk Management
The functional currency of the Company and its major subsidiaries is RMB. The majority of the revenues of the Group
are derived from operations in the PRC. Foreign exchange risk primarily arises from recognized assets and liabilities
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of entities comprising the Group. Fluctuations in exchange
rates between RMB and other currencies will affect the Group’s financial position and results of operations in the course of
business. The foreign exchange risk facing the Group mainly comes from the US dollars/RMB and Hong Kong dollars/RMB
exchange rates. As at June 30, 2025, the Group did not hold any financial instruments for hedging purposes; neither did it
hold any foreign currency investment hedged by currency borrowings nor other hedging instruments.




                                                                        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                           19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Credit Risk
We are exposed to credit risk in relation to our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits, investments
in debt instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets.
The carrying amounts of each class of the above financial assets and contract assets represent our maximum exposure to
credit risk in relation to financial assets and contract assets.

To manage risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits and investments in debt
instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, we only transact with state-owned or reputable financial
institutions. There has been no recent history of default in relation to these financial institutions.

To manage risk arising from trade receivables and contract assets, we have policies in place to ensure that sales with
credit terms are made to counterparties with an appropriate credit history and the management performs ongoing credit
evaluations of its counterparties. We usually grant a credit term of no more than 90 days and the credit quality of these
customers is assessed by taking into account their financial position, past experience and other factors.

For other receivables, management makes periodic collective assessments as well as individual assessment on the
recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past experiences. In view of the history of
cooperation with debtors and the sound collection history of receivables due from them, management believes that the
credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding other receivables balances due from them is low.

Fund and Working Capital Management
Our funds and liquidity management are centrally carried out by our finance department. Our finance department is
generally responsible for overall management and implementation of funds, including formulating the capital management
policy for our Group, guiding, coordinating and standardizing the fund management of regional companies, making annual
funding plans, reviewing and summarizing annual capital budget, overseeing and assessing fund management of each
regional company. We have also adopted sophisticated fund management policies and implemented a set of rules and
guidelines on fund management to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of fund management, thereby ensuring our
financial security and reducing cost of capital.

To manage our idle cash on hand, we primarily purchase and redeem wealth management products using them as our
“cash pool” from which we could readily access cash as needed and generate higher yield than bank deposits. The
underlying financial assets of the wealth management products in which we invested primarily consist of the low-risk
wealth management products issued by state-owned banks or other high-quality reputable banks in China. The amount
of the purchase will be determined based on our surplus funds. We consistently comply with our treasury policy during
the procedures of purchasing the wealth management products and managing the relevant departments, as well as in
conducting business, accounting and filing.

We are committed to safeguarding overall financial security and maintaining strong cash position and a healthy debt profile
with strong repayment ability. By adopting a full, reasonable and professional assessment mechanism, preparing annual
and monthly funding plans, we have established prudent fund management principle, which allows us to efficiently manage
market risks.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
20        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Material Acquisitions and Disposals
We did not make any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the Reporting
Period.

Material Investments
On September 26, 2023 (prior to the Listing), the Group invested RMB390,000,000 in GaoTeng Overseas Equity No. 3
Private Securities Investment Fund (Private Equity) (高騰海外權益3號私募證券投資基金（私募基金）) (the “Investment”).
GaoTeng Overseas Private Fund Management (Hainan) Ltd. (高騰海外私募基金管理（海南）有限公司) and Agricultural
Bank of China Limited Hainan Branch (中國農業銀行股份有限公司海南省分行) are the fund manager and the fund trustee,
respectively. The Group has no significant influence over the fund and the fund manager, and the Group can redeem its
fund shares after a lock-up period of one year. As at June 30, 2025, the Investment was classified as a current asset. As at
June 30, 2025, the carrying amount of the Investment was approximately RMB410 million, representing approximately 5.3%
of the Group’s total assets.

(1)    Basic information relating to the Investment:

                                                                                                                                                                 Percentage
                                                                                                                                                    Fair value          of the
                                   Name of fund       Registered         Principal place                                 Fund      Investment      as at June        Group’s
       Name of fund                manager            place              of business          Business nature         holdings           cost         30, 2025   total assets
                                                                                                                                     (RMB’000)      (RMB’000)

       GaoTeng Overseas Equity     GaoTeng Overseas Sanya City, Hainan   Sanya City, Hainan   Private securities    390,000,000       390,000        409,968              5.3
        No. 3 Private Securities    Private Fund      Province             Province             investment fund
        Investment Fund (Private    Management                                                  management
        Equity) (the “Fund”)        (Hainan) Ltd.

       As of June 30, 2025, the Fund primarily invested in a segregated portfolio issued by a segregated portfolio
       company, which focused on investments in debt and money market products in Asia Pacific markets.

(2)    The performance of the Fund during the Reporting Period is set out below:

                                                                                                                          Gain for               Dividend received
                                                                                                                   the six months                for the six months
                                                                                                                   ended June 30,                   ended June 30,
       Name of fund                                                                                                          2025                              2025
                                                                                                                        (RMB’000)                         (RMB’000)

       GaoTeng Overseas Equity No. 3 Private Securities Investment Fund                                                           6,889                                     –
        (Private Equity)




                                                                                                Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                         21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




(3)    The Company’s investment strategy in respect of the Investment

       The Fund focuses on U.S. dollar-denominated asset portfolio allocation with a robust investment strategy. As at
       June 30, 2025, the Company holds 390,000,000 units in the Fund. The Company invests in the Fund with the
       primary goal of obtaining expected investment returns through the Fund’s investments.

       The Company is optimistic about the future operation and returns of the Fund, expecting to achieve better
       investment returns upon exit from the Fund at maturity.

Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets
Save as disclosed herein and in the Prospectus, as at the date of this report, we did not have plans for significant
investments and capital assets.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at June 30, 2025, we had 924 employees in total. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate
qualified personnel. During the Reporting Period, the total staff costs of the Group amounted to approximately RMB156.3
million, including wages, salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation expenses, pension costs, other social security
costs, housing benefits and other employee benefits. We provide various incentives and benefits to our employees. We
offer competitive salaries, bonuses and share-based compensation to our employees, especially key employees.

As required under PRC regulations, we participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by
applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, work-related injury, maternity,
and unemployment benefit plans.

To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of our workforce, we provide continuing education and training
programs, including internal and external training, for our employees to improve their technical, professional or management
skills. We also provide training programs to our employees from time to time to ensure their awareness and compliance
with our policies and procedures in various aspects.

Prior to the Listing, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the adoption of the Employee Incentive Scheme on
April 25, 2021. After the Listing, the Company adopted an equity incentive scheme (the “Equity Incentive Scheme”) on
September 19, 2024. The Equity Incentive Scheme consists of the H-Share RSU Scheme and the Partnership Employee
Stock Ownership Plan of the Company. In addition, the Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on September
19, 2024. We have granted and may grant options or share-based incentive awards to our employees in the future to
incentivize their contributions to our growth and development.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
22        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Saved as disclosed herein, the Group had no significant events after the Reporting Period and up to the date of the
approval of the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information.

On July 17, 2025 (before trading hours of the Stock Exchange), the Company entered into a subscription agreement (the
“Subscription Agreement”) with Infini Global Master Fund (the “Subscriber”), pursuant to which the Subscriber has
conditionally agreed to subscribe for (the “Subscription”), and the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, a
total of 25,900,000 new H Shares (the “Subscription Share(s)”) at the subscription price of HK$50.50 per Subscription
Share for an aggregate consideration of approximately HK$1,307,950,000. On July 17, 2025 (before trading hours of the
Stock Exchange), the Company entered into a placing agreement with Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited (the
“Guotai Junan”) in respect of the Subscription, pursuant to which Guotai Junan has agreed to, among other things, assist
in completing the transactions contemplated under the Subscription Agreement. The net proceeds from the Subscription
were approximately HK$1,306.18 million. The Subscription has been completed on August 14, 2025. For details, please
refer to the announcements of the Company dated July 17, 2025 and August 14, 2025.

On July 27, 2025, the Company, through Fourth Paradigm International Limited (“4Paradigm International”), an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a joint venture agreement with 9M Technologies, in relation to,
among other things, the formation of an entity, Para-tech Limited (the “Entity”). The Entity will be principally engaged in
financial technology services. Upon its formation, the Entity will be owned as to 51% and 49% by 4Paradigm International
and 9M Technologies, respectively. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated July 28, 2025.

On August 4, 2025, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement (the “Joint Venture Agreement”) with Beijing
HyperStrong Technology Co., Ltd. (“HyperStrong”), in relation to, among other things, the formation of a joint venture
(the “Joint Venture”). The proposed name of the Joint Venture is Energy Crystal (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. (a tentative
name subject to the final approval by the Market Supervision Administration). The Joint Venture will principally engage in
artificial intelligence (AI) technology services for electricity trading. Upon its formation, the Joint Venture will be owned as to
19% by the Company. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated August 4, 2025.




                                                                          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                               23
OTHER INFORMATION




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board is committed to achieving good corporate governance standards.

The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company
to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate our business strategies and policies, and
enhance its transparency and accountability.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions under Part II of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.

In the opinion of the Directors, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all code provisions set out in
the CG Code save as the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as set out below:

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are expected to comply with,
but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the responsibilities between Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company does not have a separate
chairman and chief executive officer and Dr. Dai currently performs these two roles. Dr. Dai has assumed the role of Chief
Executive Officer of our Company since 2015. He has extensive experience in the business operations and management
of our Group and in the AI industry. Our Board believes that, in view of his experience, personal profile and his roles in our
Company as mentioned above, Dr. Dai is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus of the Board
due to his extensive understanding of our business as our Chief Executive Officer. The Board also believes that vesting the
roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit of (i) ensuring consistent leadership
within the Group, (ii) enabling more effective and efficient overall strategic planning and execution of strategic initiatives of
the Board, and (iii) facilitating the flow of information between the management and the Board for the Group. The Board
considers that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired, and this arrangement
will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review
and consider splitting the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company at a time when it is
appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices on a regular basis to ensure
compliance with the CG Code and to maintain its high standards of corporate governance practices.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding Directors’ securities transactions. After the Company made specific enquiries with the Directors, all of the
Directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code throughout the
Reporting Period.

The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company, are
also subject to the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance with the Model Code by the employees was noted by the
Company during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
24        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
(1)   With effect from March 25, 2025, Dr. Dai served as a director of Shishuo Pilot Engineering Technology Research
      (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (式說領航工程技術研究（北京）有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

(2)   With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan was appointed as an independent non-executive Director.

(3)   With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Chai Yifei ceased to be a Supervisor and was appointed as an employee
      representative Director.

(4)   Mr. Liu Chijin, an independent non-executive Director, ceased to be a director of Sanying Precision Instruments Co.,
      Ltd. (天津三英精密儀器股份有限公司) (NEEQ: 839222).

(5)   Dr. Yang Qiang has retired as the Chair Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the Hong Kong
      University of Science and Technology. In addition, Dr. Yang Qiang was re-designated from Management Adviser to
      Adviser of WeBank Co., Ltd. (深圳前海微眾銀行股份有限公司), with effect from April 2025.

Save as disclosed herein, there was no change to any information required to be disclosed in relation to any Director
pursuant to Rule 13.51B of the Listing Rules as of the date of this report.

AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, THE RULES OF PROCEDURES
FOR THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS AND THE RULES OF PROCEDURES FOR THE
BOARD MEETINGS, AND ABOLISHMENT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
To further improve the corporate governance structure, in accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of
China, the Guidelines on Articles of Association of Listed Companies (2025 Revision), the Listing Rules and other relevant
laws and regulations, the Board resolved on May 27, 2025 to propose amendments to the Articles of Association of the
Company to, among other things, abolish the supervisory committee, change the registered address of the Company and
increase the number of Directors. On May 27, 2025, the Board also proposed to amend the Rules of Procedures for the
Shareholders’ Meetings and the Rules of Procedures for the Board Meetings, so as to, among other things, align with the
proposed amendments to the Articles of Association. On June 26, 2025, the Shareholders considered and approved the
resolutions on the abolishment of the supervisory committee and the amendments to the Articles of Association, the Rules
of Procedures for the Shareholders’ Meetings and the Rules of Procedures for the Board Meetings at the annual general
meeting of the Company (“AGM”). For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated May 27, 2025
and June 26, 2025, and the circular dated May 27, 2025.

CHANGE OF AUDITOR
On June 26, 2025, the Shareholders considered and approved the resolution on the appointment of CL Partners CPA
Limited as the auditor of the Company for the year 2025 at the AGM. PricewaterhouseCoopers ceased to serve as the
auditor of the Company upon conclusion of the AGM. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company
dated May 27, 2025 and June 26, 2025.

The name of CL Partners CPA Limited has been changed to Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited.

SHARE SCHEMES
On September 19, 2024, the Company adopted the Equity Incentive Scheme and the Share Option Scheme. The Equity
Incentive Scheme constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules involving the existing Shares of the
Company, and the Share Option Scheme constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules involving the
issuance of new Shares of the Company. For details of the Equity Incentive Scheme and Share Option Scheme, please
refer to the 2024 annual report of the Company.
                                                                     Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                       25
OTHER INFORMATION




Share Option Scheme
Details of the options granted to the participants of the Share Option Scheme and the movements during the Reporting
Period are set out below:

                                                                                                                   Outstanding    Granted      Vested Exercised Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding
                                Number of                                                                                as at   during the during the during the during the during the       as at
                                  options                                                              Exercise     January 1,   Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting         June 30,
Grantee         Grant date        granted    Vesting period                  Exercise period              price          2025       Period     Period     Period      Period     Period       2025


Employees of the November 19,    5,124,445   Subject to the fulfilment       Valid for 4 years from HK$41.19 per     5,124,445           –          –          –           –          –   5,124,445
  Group             2024                         of the performance              the date of vesting    H Share
                                                 target, 25% of the              and lapse at the
                                                 options granted shall be        expiry of such
                                                 vested on November              period.
                                                 19, 2025; 25% of the
                                                 options granted shall be
                                                 vested on November
                                                 19, 2026; 25% of the
                                                 options granted shall be
                                                 vested on November 19,
                                                 2027; and the remaining
                                                 25% of the options
                                                 granted will be vested on
                                                 November 19, 2028. Note 1


Total           –                5,124,445   –                               –                                –      5,124,445           –          –          –           –          –   5,124,445

Notes:

1.         The Share Options shall be subject to the individual performance target as set out in our employee incentive vesting assessment measures.

2.         The closing price of the H Shares immediately before the date of grant on November 19, 2024 was HK$37.45 per share.

3.         As disclosed in the 2024 annual report, the weighted-average fair value as at the date of grant of the share options granted on November 19, 2024
           was RMB13.89 per share.


The Company did not grant any options under the Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period. As at the beginning
and end of the Reporting Period, the number of Shares available for future grant under the scheme mandate limit of the
Share Option Scheme was 18,149,521 Shares. The participants of the Share Option Scheme only include employees, so
there is no sub-limit for service providers.

INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board has resolved not to declare any interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2025 (six months ended
June 30, 2024: Nil).




                 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
26               Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                        OTHER INFORMATION




AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Board has established the Audit Committee which comprises two independent non-executive Directors and one
non-executive Director, namely Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱), Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金) and Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強). Mr. Li Jianbin,
being the chairman of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the
Listing Rules. The Audit Committee has also adopted written terms of reference which deal clearly with its duties and
responsibilities (the terms of reference are available on the websites of the Company and Stock Exchange).

The unaudited interim financial information of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025 has been reviewed by the
Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has also considered and reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted
by the Group and discussed with the management and the Company’s external auditors, among other things, the Group’s
risk management, internal controls and financial reporting.

REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The independent auditor of the Company, namely Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited, has carried out a review of the
interim financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2025 in accordance with the International Standard on
Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”.
The comparative information for the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position is based on the audited
financial statements as of December 31, 2024.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 308,900 H Shares (the “Repurchased Shares”) on the
Stock Exchange for a total consideration (before expenses) of HK$11,711,150. Details of the Repurchased Shares are as
follows:

                                                                      Price paid per Share
                                              Number of
                                            Repurchased                                                             Total
Month                                            Shares                Highest               Lowest         consideration
                                                                                                                  (before
                                                                                                               expenses)
                                                                          (HK$)                 (HK$)               (HK$)

April 2025                                        308,900                 40.20                 35.95           11,711,150


Total                                             308,900                                                       11,711,150

During the Reporting Period, the trustee of the Equity Incentive Scheme purchased a total of 188,200 H Shares on the
Stock Exchange for an aggregate consideration (before expenses) of HK$8,245,730 in accordance with the rules of the
Equity Incentive Scheme and the terms of the trust deed.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including transfer of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period.

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company held a total of 186,100 H Shares that have been repurchased but not
yet cancelled, and 502,200 H Shares that have been repurchased and retained as treasury shares. The treasury shares are
intended to be used for employee incentives, sale or transfer to obtain liquidity and other purposes, subject to the actual
decision of the Board.


                                                                      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                        27
OTHER INFORMATION




SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of our Directors, our Directors
confirmed that the Company had maintained a sufficient amount of public float for its Shares as required under Rule 8.08
of the Listing Rules as of the date of this report.

USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
The H Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on September 28, 2023. The
Company received net proceeds (after deduction of underwriting commissions and related costs and expenses) from the
Global Offering (including the over-allotment option granted in connection with the Global Offering partially exercised) of
approximately HK$925.6 million and utilized net proceeds of approximately HK$760.8 million as at June 30, 2025. The
remaining net proceeds amounted to approximately HK$164.8 million.

During the Reporting Period, details of the use of net proceeds from the Global Offering are set out below:

                                                                                             Net proceeds
                                                                                                   from the
                                                                                                      Global
                                                                                                    Offering
                                                                               Amount                utilized                 Expected
                                                          Net proceeds        unutilized         during the      Amount       timeline of full
                                            Approximate        from the            as at        six months      unutilized    utilization of
                                               % of total        Global      January 1,     ended June 30, as at June 30,     the unutilized
Item                                        net proceeds        Offering           2025                 2025         2025     proceeds
                                                            (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)

Enhancing our fundamental research,                60.0%           555.4          481.7              406.3            75.4    Within three years
  technological capabilities and solution                                                                                       commencing from the
  development                                                                                                                   Listing Date

Expanding our offerings, building our              20.0%           185.1          168.0               78.6            89.4    Within three to five years
  brand and entering new sectors                                                                                                commencing from the
                                                                                                                                Listing Date

Seeking strategic investment and                   10.0%            92.6               –                 –               –    N/A
    acquisition opportunities

General corporate purposes                         10.0%            92.6            29.7              29.7               –    Before the end of three years
                                                                                                                                from the Listing Date


Total                                             100.0%           925.6          679.4              514.6           164.8

The net proceeds utilized have been converted from Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars at the rate of RMB1 to HK$1.0862,
being the reference exchange rate adopted in the Prospectus. No representation is made that any amounts in Hong Kong
dollars or Renminbi have been or could be converted at the above rate.

The Company has used and will continue to use the remaining proceeds for the purpose as disclosed in the Prospectus
and follow the expected implementation timetable as disclosed in the report.



             Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
28           Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION




USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING
On February 7, 2025, the Company entered into the Placing Agreement with the Placing Agents, pursuant to which the
Placing Agents have agreed (as Placing Agents of the Company) to procure not less than six Placees (any individual,
professional, corporate, institutional or other investors procured by the Placing Agents to subscribe for any of the Placing
Shares pursuant to the Placing Agreement) on a best effort basis to subscribe for 27,920,000 Placing Shares (with a total
nominal value of RMB27,920,000) at a Placing Price of HK$50.20 per H Share. The closing price of the H Shares of the
Company on February 6, 2025 was HK$56.80 per Share. The Placing aims to support the Company’s continuous and
stable business development, further consolidate its core competitiveness and ensure sustainable growth. The Placing was
completed on February 13, 2025. The net proceeds from the Placing (after deducting the placing commission and other
related costs and expenses of the Placing) were approximately HK$1,394 million, and the net placing price of the Placing
Shares was approximately HK$49.93 per Share. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated
February 7, 2025 and February 13, 2025.

During the Reporting Period, details of the use of net proceeds from the Placing are set out below:

                                                                                   Net proceeds
                                                                                         from the
                                                                                          Placing
                                                                      Amount               utilized
                                                          Net       unutilized         during the        Amount       Expected
                                 Approximate        proceeds              as at       six months        unutilized    timeline of full
                                 % of total net      from the        February     ended June 30,       as at June     utilization of
Item                                proceeds          Placing         13, 2025                2025       30, 2025     the unutilized proceeds
                                                  (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)

Core product R&D                          30%             418             418                    –            418     Before the end of year 2027
Business expansion                        20%             279             279                    –            279     Before the end of year 2027
M&A opportunities                         40%             558             558                    –            558     Before the end of year 2027
General corporate purposes                10%             139             139                    –            139     Before the end of year 2027


Total                                   100.0%           1,394           1,394                   –           1,394




                                                                              Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                             29
OTHER INFORMATION




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As far as the Company is aware, as at June 30, 2025, the interests and/or short positions (if applicable) of our Directors
and the chief executive of our Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required (a) to be notified to our Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to
be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to our Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code, were as follows:

Interests in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                               Approximate                             Approximate
                                                                                              percentage of             Approximate   percentage of
                                                                                             shareholding in          percentage of    shareholding
                                                                                  Number of       Domestic             shareholding      in the total
                                                     Capacity/                        Shares   Shares of the          in H Shares of share capital of
Name                Title                            Nature of Interest           interested     Company(2)          the Company(3) the Company(4)

Dr. Dai(5)(6)       Chairman of the Board,           Beneficial owner            106,164,523              53.38%                     –            21.50%
                      Executive Director, Chief                                     Domestic
                      Executive Officer and                                        Shares (L)
                      General Manager
                                                     Interest in controlled       37,034,191              18.62%                     –             7.50%
                                                        corporation                 Domestic
                                                                                   Shares (L)

                                                     Interest in controlled       29,470,892                     –             9.99%               5.97%
                                                        corporation             H Shares (L)(7)

Notes:

(1)        (L) – Long position

(2)        The calculation is based on the total number of 198,869,237 issued Domestic Shares as at June 30, 2025.

(3)        The calculation is based on the total number of 294,909,496 issued H Shares as at June 30, 2025.

(4)        The calculation is based on the total number of 493,778,733 issued Shares as at June 30, 2025, comprising 198,869,237 issued Domestic Shares
           and 294,909,496 issued H Shares.

(5)        As at June 30, 2025, Dr. Dai beneficially owned 106,164,523 Domestic Shares of the Company. In addition to his direct shareholding, Dr. Dai is
           also deemed to be interested in 37,034,191 Domestic Shares of the Company through the intermediaries he controlled under the SFO. Paradigm
           Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan own 31,981,367 Domestic Shares and 5,052,824 Domestic Shares of our Company, respectively. Dr. Dai,
           through Beijing New Wisdom, being the sole general partner of Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan. The spouse of Dr. Dai is also deemed
           to be interested in the Shares in which Dr. Dai is interested under the SFO.

(6)        Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan are indirectly controlled by Beijing New Wisdom, being the sole general partner of Paradigm
           Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan. Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan hold 25,443,667 H Shares and 3,525,025 H Shares, respectively.
           By virtue of SFO, each of Dr. Dai and Beijing New Wisdom (through his/its interest in a controlled corporation or controlled corporations, as the
           case may be) are deemed to be interested in the H Shares held by each of Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan.

(7)        This includes 502,200 treasury shares held by the Company.




                Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
30              Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION




Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of our Directors, as at June 30, 2025, we were not aware of any
Director or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or
debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which (a) were
required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (b) were required,
pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSON’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As far as the Company is aware, as at June 30 2025, the persons, other than our Directors or the chief executive of our
Company, who had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by
our Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

Interests in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                        percentage       Approximate
                                                                                                    of shareholding       percentage
                                                                                                       in Domestic    of shareholding
                                                                                                          Shares/H         in the total
                              Capacity/Nature                                        Number of            Shares of      share capital
Name of Shareholder           of Interest                                      Shares interested     the Company(2) of the Company(2)

Beijing New Wisdom(3)(4)      Interest in controlled corporation   37,034,191 Domestic Shares (L)           18.62%               7.50%
                              Interest in controlled corporation          28,968,692 H Shares (L)            9.82%               5.87%
Paradigm Investment(4)        Beneficial owner                     31,981,367 Domestic Shares (L)           16.08%               6.48%
                              Beneficial owner                            25,443,667 H Shares (L)            8.63%               5.15%
Paradigm Chuqi(4)             Interest in controlled corporation   31,981,367 Domestic Shares (L)           16.08%               6.48%
                              Interest in controlled corporation          25,443,667 H Shares (L)            8.63%               5.15%
Xinhe No. 1(5)                Beneficial owner                     12,077,978 Domestic Shares (L)            6.07%               2.45%
Xinhe No. 1 Shareholders(5)   Interest in controlled corporation   12,077,978 Domestic Shares (L)            6.07%               2.45%
Hu Yuanman(5)                 Interest in controlled corporation   14,126,295 Domestic Shares (L)            7.10%               2.86%
Zhou Kui(6)                   Interest in controlled corporation   18,941,724 Domestic Shares (L)            9.52%               3.84%




                                                                              Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                     31
OTHER INFORMATION




Notes:

(1)      (L) – Long position

(2)      The calculation is based on the total number of 198,869,237 issued Domestic Shares and 294,909,496 issued H Shares as at June 30, 2025.

(3)      Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan are indirectly controlled by Beijing New Wisdom, being the sole general partner of Paradigm
         Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan. Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan hold (i) 31,981,367 Domestic Shares and 25,443,667 H Shares;
         and (ii) 5,052,824 Domestic Shares and 3,525,025 H Shares, respectively. By virtue of SFO, each of Dr. Dai and Beijing New Wisdom (through his/
         its interest in a controlled corporation or controlled corporations, as the case may be) are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each of
         Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan.

(4)      Paradigm Chuqi (whose general partner is Beijing New Wisdom) is interested in more than one third of the limited partnership interest in Paradigm
         Investment. By virtue of SFO, Paradigm Chuqi is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Paradigm Investment.

(5)      Xinhe No.1 (Tianjin) Science and Technology Center (Limited Partnership) (“Xinhe No. 1”) directly holds 12,077,978 Domestic Shares. The
         general partner of Xinhe No.1 is Chunhua Mingde (Tianjin) Equity Investment Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Chunhua
         Mingde”) and the limited partner holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in Xinhe No. 1 is Chunhua Xinhe (Tianjin) Equity Investment
         Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Chunhua Xinhe”). The general partner of Chunhua Xinhe is Chunhua Mingde and the limited partner
         holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in Chunhua Xinhe is Primavera Capital Fund III LP (“Primavera”), which is owned as to
         66.70% by Hu Fred Zuliu.

         The general partner of Chunhua Mingde is Chunhua (Tianjin) Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“Chunhua Investment”), which is wholly-
         owned by Hu Yuanman. By virtue of the SFO, each of Chunhua Xinhe, Primavera, Hu Fred Zuliu, Chunhua Mingde, Chunhua Investment (collectively,
         the “Xinhe No. 1 Shareholders”) and Hu Yuanman is deemed to be interested in the Domestic Shares held by Xinhe No. 1.

         Qiushi Xingde (Tianjin) Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“Qiushi Xingde”) is indirectly controlled by Hu Yuanman, who directly holds
         2,048,317 Domestic Shares.

         By virtue of the SFO, Hu Yuanman is deemed to be interested in the Domestic Shares held by Qiushi Xingde.

(6)      To the best knowledge of the Company, the general partner of Shenzhen HongShan Hanchen Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan
         Hanchen”) is Shenzhen HongShan Antai Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan Antai”) and the limited partner which holds more
         than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Hanchen is Shenzhen HongShan Yuechen Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan
         Yuechen”). The general partner of HongShan Yuechen is HongShan Antai and the limited partner holding more than one-third of the partnership
         interest in HongShan Yuechen is Shenzhen HongShan Yuchen Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan Yuchen”). The general partner
         of HongShan Yuchen is HongShan Antai. The general partner of HongShan Antai is Shenzhen HongShan Huanyu Investment Consulting Co., Ltd.
         (“HongShan Huanyu”), which is owned as to 70% by Zhou Kui.

         Beijing HongShan Mingde Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Mingde”) directly owns 6,352,978 Domestic Shares of
         the Company, its general partner is Beijing HongShan Kunde Investment Management Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Kunde”), and
         its limited partners holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Mingde are Beijing HongShan Shengde Equity Investment
         Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Shengde”) and Beijing HongShan Kangde Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan
         Kangde”). The general partner of HongShan Kunde is Shanghai Huanyuan Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Huanyuan”) and
         Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port HongShan Huide Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Huide”) is the general
         partner of HongShan Shengde and HongShan Kangde respectively. The general partner of HongShan Huide is Shanghai Huanyuan, which is
         owned as to 70% by Zhou Kui.

         Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Zone HongShan Zhisheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Zhisheng”) directly owns
         4,112,972 Domestic Shares of the Company, its general partner is Jiaxing HongShan Kunsheng Investment Management Partnership (Limited
         Partnership) (“HongShan Kunsheng”), and the limited partners who hold more than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Zhisheng
         are Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port HongShan Mingsheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Mingsheng”) and
         Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Jiasheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Jiasheng”). HongShan
         Kunsheng is the general partner of HongShan Mingsheng and HongShan Jiasheng respectively, and the general partner of HongShan Kunsheng is
         Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Huanjia Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“HongShan Huanjia”). Hongshan Huanjia is owned as
         to 70% by Zhou Kui.

         By virtue of the SFO, Zhou Kui is deemed to be interested in HongShan Hanchen, HongShan Mingde and the Shares held by them.


             Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
32           Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION




Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of our Directors, as at June 30, 2025, we were not aware of any other
person (other than the Directors or the chief executive of our Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares
or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be
required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred therein.

COMPETING INTERESTS
Our Directors are not aware of any business or interest of our Directors or the controlling shareholders (as defined in the
Listing Rules) of the Company nor any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) that competed or
might compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group and any other conflicts of interest which any
such person had or might have with the Group during the six months ended June 30, 2025.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
The Company did not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

                                                                                   By order of the Board
                                                                      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      DAI Wenyuan
                                                                                         Chairman

Beijing, the PRC




                                                                      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                        33
REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




To the Board of Directors of Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
(a joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
(the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 34 to 79, which comprise
the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of June 30, 2025 and the related condensed consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed
consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require
the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and
International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34 Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (“IASB”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed
consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these
condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” (“ISRE 2410”) issued by the International Auditing
and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”). A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists
of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and
other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
34        Interim Report 2025
                                               REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




OTHER MATTER
The comparative condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of
changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period ended June 30, 2024
and relevant notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements were extracted from the interim financial information
of the Group for the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 reviewed by another auditor who expressed an unmodified
conclusion on the interim financial information on August 15, 2024. The comparative condensed consolidated statement of
financial position as at December 31, 2024 were extracted from the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
year ended December 31, 2024 audited by the same auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those statements
on March 31, 2025.




Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
(formerly known as CL Partners CPA Limited)
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Hong Kong
August 21, 2025




                                                                      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                        35
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2025




                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                        Notes     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                                  6         2,626,497        1,866,600
Cost of sales                                                            9        (1,636,090)      (1,076,654)


Gross profit                                                                        990,407           789,946
Selling and marketing expenses                                           9         (189,054)         (135,355)
Administrative expenses                                                  9          (86,437)         (100,334)
Research and development expenses                                        9         (893,431)         (850,045)
Reversals of/(provision for) credit loss allowance, net                  9           14,383            (24,472)
Other income                                                             7           41,633             76,976
Other gains, net                                                         8           37,617             54,164


Operating loss                                                                       (84,882)        (189,120)
Share of results of investments accounted for using the equity method    16          (19,673)            1,624
Finance income                                                           10           30,625           28,595
Finance costs                                                            10           (1,419)           (4,712)


Loss before income tax                                                               (75,349)        (163,613)
Income tax credit/(expenses)                                             11            1,455            (4,919)


Loss for the period                                                                  (73,894)        (168,532)


Other comprehensive loss:
Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Currency translation differences                                                     (12,458)           1,330
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Share of other comprehensive loss of investments accounted
   for using the equity method                                           16                –           (6,306)


Other comprehensive loss for the period, net of tax                                  (12,458)          (4,976)


Total comprehensive loss for the period                                              (86,352)        (173,508)


Loss attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                (66,973)        (151,598)
Non-controlling interests                                                             (6,921)          (16,934)


                                                                                     (73,894)        (168,532)




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
36         Interim Report 2025
                                                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                   FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2025




                                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                   Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

Total comprehensive loss attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                    (79,431)            (156,574)
Non-controlling interests                                                                 (6,921)              (16,934)


                                                                                         (86,352)            (173,508)


Loss per share for loss attributable to owners of
  the Company (expressed in RMB per share)                           12
Basic                                                                                      (0.14)                 (0.33)


Diluted                                                                                    (0.14)                 (0.33)




                                                                 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                     37
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT JUNE 30, 2025




                                                                        As at           As at
                                                                     June 30,    December 31,
                                                                        2025            2024
                                                          Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                  (Unaudited)        (Audited)

Assets
Non-current assets
Right-of-use assets                                       13(a)       19,326           24,299
Property and equipment                                     14         42,917           34,685
Intangible assets                                          15            486          189,747
Investments accounted for using the equity method          16        711,000          554,509
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      17        382,975          459,968
Contract assets                                           6(a)           219            1,236
Term bank deposits                                        22(c)      531,911          405,009
Other non-current assets                                   18        177,588          227,927


                                                                    1,866,422       1,897,380


Current assets
Inventories                                                19         380,384         171,617
Contract assets                                            6(a)         1,664           1,026
Trade receivables                                          20       1,966,745       3,085,640
Prepayments and other receivables                          21         811,195         535,966
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      17         566,379         475,234
Term bank deposits                                        22(c)       141,497         559,653
Restricted cash                                           22(b)           476           2,511
Cash and cash equivalents                                 22(a)     2,024,516         858,618


                                                                    5,892,856       5,690,265


Total assets                                                        7,759,278       7,587,645


Equity and liabilities
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                              23        493,779           465,859
Treasury stock                                             24        (28,947)           (18,107)
Shares held for share award schemes                        24           (678)                 –
Reserves                                                   24     11,237,905         9,969,530
Accumulated losses                                                (5,422,136)       (5,355,163)


                                                                    6,279,923       5,062,119

Non-controlling interests                                             (17,262)           8,769


Total equity                                                        6,262,661       5,070,888



           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
38         Interim Report 2025
                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                         AT JUNE 30, 2025




                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                     June 30,          December 31,
                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                  Notes             RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                  (Unaudited)              (Audited)

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                  13(b)                  7,109                 11,470
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  6,873                  7,782


                                                                        13,982                  19,252


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                      25               1,244,015             2,183,263
Other payables and accruals                         26                  39,427                94,789
Contract liabilities                                6(b)               125,223               173,055
Lease liabilities                                  13(b)                 9,569                11,009
Income tax payables                                                          –                 1,336
Borrowings                                          27                   1,883                 5,883
Other liabilities                                   28                  62,518                28,170


                                                                     1,482,635             2,497,505


Total liabilities                                                    1,496,617             2,516,757


Total equity and liabilities                                         7,759,278             7,587,645

On behalf of the Board




                         Dai Wenyuan                           Yu Zhonghao
                           Director                               Director




                                                Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                     39
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2025




                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                            Shares held
                                                                              for share                                                     Non-
                                                       Share    Treasury         award               Accumulated                      controlling      Total
                                                      capital      stock      schemes       Reserves      losses         Subtotal       interests     equity
                                             Notes   RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

(Unaudited)
Balance at January 1, 2025                            465,859    (18,107)             –     9,969,530     (5,355,163)    5,062,119         8,769    5,070,888


Comprehensive loss
Loss for the period                                         –          –              –             –         (66,973)     (66,973)       (6,921)     (73,894)
Currency translation differences                            –          –              –       (12,458)              –      (12,458)            –      (12,458)


Total comprehensive loss for the period                     –          –              –       (12,458)        (66,973)     (79,431)       (6,921)     (86,352)


Transactions with owners in their capacity
  as owners
Shares repurchase                             24            –    (10,840)             –             –               –      (10,840)            –      (10,840)
Recognition of equity-settled share-based
  payments                                                  –          –              –        23,274               –       23,274             –       23,274
Placing of shares                             23       27,920          –              –     1,258,349               –    1,286,269             –    1,286,269
Transaction costs attributable to
  issue of shares                             24            –          –              –          (905)              –         (905)            –         (905)
Shares purchased and withheld for
  Share Scheme Trust                          24            –          –         (7,585)            –               –       (7,585)            –       (7,585)
Vesting of awarded shares from
  Share Scheme Trust                          24            –          –          6,907        (6,907)              –            –             –            –
Partial disposal of an associate             16(b)          –          –              –        (1,434)              –       (1,434)            –       (1,434)
Partial disposal of a subsidiary with
  loss of control                            31(a)          –          –              –         8,456               –       8,456        (19,110)     (10,654)


Total transactions with owners in
  their capacity as owners                             27,920    (10,840)          (678)    1,280,833               –    1,297,235       (19,110)   1,278,125


Balance at June 30, 2025                              493,779    (28,947)          (678)   11,237,905     (5,422,136)    6,279,923       (17,262)   6,262,661




                 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
40               Interim Report 2025
                                                                            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                    FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2025




                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                            Non-
                                                                   Share     Treasury                   Accumulated                   controlling      Total
                                                                  capital       stock      Reserves          losses        Subtotal     interests     equity
                                                        Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

(Unaudited)
Balance at January 1, 2024                                       465,859           –      9,969,638       (5,086,375)    5,349,122      103,392     5,452,514


Comprehensive loss
Loss for the period                                                    –           –               –        (151,598)     (151,598)     (16,934)     (168,532)
Currency translation differences                                       –           –           1,330               –         1,330            –         1,330
Share of other comprehensive loss of investments
  accounted for using the equity method                  16            –           –          (6,306)               –       (6,306)            –       (6,306)


Total comprehensive loss for the period                                –           –          (4,976)       (151,598)     (156,574)     (16,934)     (173,508)


Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners
Shares repurchase                                        24            –     (12,495)              –                –      (12,495)           –       (12,495)
Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control    31            –           –               –                –            –      (62,884)      (62,884)


Total transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners                                                   –     (12,495)              –                –      (12,495)     (62,884)      (75,379)


Balance at June 30, 2024                                         465,859     (12,495)     9,964,662       (5,237,973)    5,180,053       23,574     5,203,627




                                                                                          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                           41
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2025




                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                     Notes     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash used in operations                                                     (444,719)         (415,102)
Interest received                                                                  6,041            16,388
Income tax paid                                                                        –             (3,479)


Net cash used in operating activities                                           (438,678)         (402,193)


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment                                                (3,313)          (11,088)
Purchases of intangible assets                                                          –             (1,000)
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                    1,040                123
Placement of term bank deposits                                                (3,643,106)        (700,000)
Withdrawal of term bank deposits                                                3,933,808          301,000
Interest income received from term bank deposits                                   20,964            36,150
Purchases of short-term investments measured
   at fair value through profit or loss                               5.2       (855,969)         (675,000)
Proceeds from disposal of short-term investments measured
   at fair value through profit or loss                               5.2        775,707          733,170
Proceeds from disposal of long-term investments measured
   at fair value through profit or loss                               5.2         72,155                   –
Purchase of long-term investments measured
   at fair value through profit or loss                               5.2            (500)         (40,842)
Acquisition of an investment accounted for using the equity method    16          (30,000)               –
Proceeds from partial disposal of investments accounted for
   using the equity method                                            16          43,600                   –
Settlement of consideration payable for
   business combination completed in prior years                                       –           (30,465)
Partial disposal of subsidiaries with loss of control                 31          51,839             2,455


Net cash from/(used in) investing activities                                     366,225          (385,497)




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
42         Interim Report 2025
                                                                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2025




                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                     Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

Cash flows from financing activities
Payments for shares repurchased                                        24                 (18,425)                 (12,495)
Proceeds from placing of shares                                                         1,286,269                         –
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                        –                   42,300
Repayment of borrowings                                                                    (4,000)                 (33,950)
Interest expenses paid                                                                        (43)                   (1,270)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                               (7,218)                 (15,099)
Advance from a related party                                                                8,800                     8,500
Payment of listing expenses capitalised or to be capitalised                               (1,810)                        –


Net cash from/(used in) financing activities                                            1,263,573                  (12,014)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                    1,191,120              (799,704)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                                      858,618             1,977,891
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                             (25,222)                3,549


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                          2,024,516             1,181,736




                                                                   Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                         43
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




1    GENERAL INFORMATION
     Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s
     Republic of China (the “PRC”) on September 17, 2014 as a limited liability company, and relocated to Beijing, the
     PRC on April 21, 2021. On July 9, 2021, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability
     under the Company Law of the PRC. The address of the Company’s registered office is No. L01301-1, Level 13,
     Building 1, No. 66, Qinghe Middle Street, Haidian District, Beijing, the PRC (the change of registered address is
     undergoing industrial and commercial registration).

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are
     primarily engaged in sales of self-developed artificial intelligence (“AI”) platform (“Sage Platform”), other ready-to-
     use applications and related equipment and provision of application development and other services in the PRC and
     certain overseas countries and regions.

     Mr. Dai Wenyuan is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group as at the date of approval of this condensed
     consolidated financial statements.

     The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
     currency of the Company.

2    BASIS OF PREPARATION
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting
     Standard (“IAS”) 34 Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).
     These condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the notes of the type normally included in
     annual financial statements. Accordingly, it should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
     of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the “2024 Financial Statements”) as set out in the 2024 annual
     report of the Company dated March 31, 2025, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
     Standards.

3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The accounting policies and methods of computations used in the preparation of the Interim Financial Information
     are consistent with those used in the preparation of the 2024 Financial Statements, except for the adoption of
     amended IFRS Accounting Standards as set out below.

     Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
     The following amendments to standards are mandatory for the first time for the Group’s financial year beginning on
     January 1, 2025:

     Amendments to IAS 21                                 Lack of exchangeability

     The adoption of these amended IFRS Accounting standards does not have significant impact on the Group’s results
     for the Interim Report Period and the Group’s financial position as of June 30, 2025.




        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
44      Interim Report 2025
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
    The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments,
    estimates and assumptions that affect the application of principal accounting policies and the reported amounts of
    assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

    In preparing the condensed consolidated financial statements, the significant judgments made by management in
    applying the Group’s principal accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the same as
    those applied to the 2024 Financial Statements.

5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
    5.1   Financial risk factors
          The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk,
          interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

          The Group’s policies on financial risk management were set out in the 2024 Financial Statements and there
          have been no significant changes in the financial risk management policies during the six months ended June
          30, 2025.

    5.2   Fair value estimation
          The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at each balance sheet
          dates, by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised
          into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

          •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1);

          •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                 either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2); and

          •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                 inputs) (level 3).

          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at June 30, 2025:

                                                                  Level 1          Level 2         Level 3         Total
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

          (Unaudited)
          Assets
          Long-term investments measured
            at fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)                 –               –        382,975           382,975
          Short-term investments measured
            at fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)          10,174           30,029         526,176           566,379


                                                                    10,174           30,029         909,151           949,354




                                                                      Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                           45
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
           The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at December 31,
           2024:

                                                                Level 1        Level 2        Level 3           Total
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

           (Audited)
           Assets
           Long-term investments measured
             at fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)            –              –       459,968         459,968
           Short-term investments measured
             at fair value through profit or loss (Note 17)            –              –       475,234         475,234


                                                                       –              –       935,202         935,202

           The fair value of short-term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss categorised as level 1
           were determined by quoted prices in active markets.

           The fair value of short-term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss categorised as level 2
           were determined by quoted market values provided by financial institutions which represented the fair value
           of the underlying investments.

           The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of long-term investments measured at fair
           value through profit or loss for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

           At beginning of the period                                                     459,968             456,824
           Additions                                                                          500              40,842
           Disposals                                                                      (72,155)                  –
           Changes in fair value                                                           (5,338)              2,970


           At end of the period                                                           382,975             500,636


           Net unrealised (losses)/gains for the period                                    (5,338)              2,970




        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
46      Interim Report 2025
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
    5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
          The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of short-term investments measured at fair
          value through profit or loss for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

          At beginning of the period                                                     475,234               562,335
          Additions                                                                      115,968               675,000
          Disposals                                                                      (72,155)             (733,170)
          Changes in fair value                                                            7,129                18,198


          At end of the period                                                           526,176                  522,363


          Net unrealised gains for the period                                               7,129                  16,867

          The Group has a team that manages the valuation of level 3 instruments for financial reporting purposes.
          The team manages the valuation exercise of the investments on a case-by-case basis. At least once every
          year, the team would use valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the Group’s level 3 instruments.
          External valuation experts were involved when necessary.

          The valuation of the level 3 instruments mainly included long-term investments in unlisted equity securities,
          preferred shares and funds measured at fair value through profit or loss and short-term investments in funds
          measured at fair value through profit or loss (Note 17). As these instruments are not traded in an active
          market, their fair values have been determined by using various applicable valuation techniques, including
          discounted cash flows and market approach etc.




                                                                  Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                       47
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
           The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in
           recurring level 3 fair value measurements:

                                                            Fair values                                            Range of inputs
                                                           As at        As at       Significant                     As at             As at   Relationship of
                                                        June 30, December 31,       unobservable                 June 30,      December 31,   unobservable
           Description                                     2025         2024        inputs                          2025              2024    inputs to fair values
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                     (Unaudited)     (Audited)

           Long-term investments measured
             at fair value through profit or loss:
           – Unlisted equity securities and             113,529           117,329   Expected volatility    49.79%-60.44%     47.56%-61.79%    The higher the expected volatility,
             preferred shares investments                                                                                                       the lower the fair value
                                                                                    Discount for lack of   18.00%-25.00%     18.00%-26.00%    The higher the DLOM,
                                                                                      marketability                                             the lower the fair value
                                                                                      (“DLOM”)
           – Fund investments (Note)                    269,446           342,639   N/A                              N/A               N/A    N/A


                                                        382,975           459,968


           Short-term investments measured
             at fair value through profit or loss:
           – Fund investments (Note)                    526,176           475,234   N/A                              N/A               N/A    N/A


                                                        526,176           475,234

           Note:        The Group determines the fair values of its fund investments as at the reporting date based on the reported net asset values of
                        the respective funds as provided and evaluated by fund managers.




        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
48      Interim Report 2025
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
    5.2   Fair value estimation (continued)
          If the fair values of the above long-term investments and short-term investments measured at fair value
          through profit or loss held by the Group had been 0.5% higher/lower, the loss before income tax for the six
          months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 would have been approximately RMB4,546,000 and RMB4,676,000
          lower/higher, respectively.

          The Group believes that any reasonably possible change in assumptions used for the significant unobservable
          inputs would not significantly affect the profit or loss for the respective periods.

          There were no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 of fair value hierarchy classifications during the six months
          ended June 30, 2025, and 2024.

          The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value including cash and
          cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits, trade receivables and other receivables, and the
          Group’s financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value, including borrowings, lease liabilities, trade
          payables, other payables and payable for acquisition of subsidiaries, approximate their fair values due to their
          short maturities or the financial assets/liabilities bear interests at interest rates that are close to the market
          interest rates.

6   SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE
    The Group’s business activities are sales of 4ParadigmSage AI Platform, other ready-to-use applications and
    related equipment and provision of application development and other services mainly in the PRC. The Group does
    not distinguish revenue, costs and expenses between segments in its internal reporting, and reports costs and
    expenses by nature as a whole.

    The Group’s chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer, who
    reviews consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the
    Group as a whole and hence, the Group has only one reportable segment. The Group does not distinguish between
    markets or segments for the purpose of internal reports. As substantially all of the Group’s non-current assets are
    located in the PRC and substantially all of the Group’s revenue are derived from the PRC based on the delivery
    location of the goods and services, no geographical information is presented.

    For the six months ended June 30, 2025, revenue from contracts with customers of approximately
    RMB2,149,246,000 (for the six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB1,252,055,000) was from sales of
    4ParadigmSage AI Platform, applications and related equipment, and revenue from contracts with customers of
    approximately RMB477,251,000 (for the six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB614,545,000) was from provision of
    application development and other services.




                                                                    Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                        49
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6    SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE (continued)
     The Group’s revenues derived from the transfer of goods and services at a point in time and over time are analysed as
     follows:

                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

     Point in time                                                                        2,621,780            1,841,888
     Over time                                                                                4,717               24,712


                                                                                          2,626,497            1,866,600

     (a)      Contract assets
              The Group has recognised the following assets related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)             (Audited)

              Contract assets
                – Current portion                                                             1,703                1,055
                – Non-current portion                                                           225                1,271


                                                                                              1,928                2,326
              Less: credit loss allowance                                                       (45)                  (64)


                                                                                              1,883                2,262

              Contract assets are generally the final payments of revenue contracts which are due at the end of the quality
              assurance period (1–3 years). Contract assets are recorded as the Group has no right on these amounts of
              consideration when the revenue is recognised.




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
50         Interim Report 2025
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6   SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE (continued)
    (b)     Contract liabilities
            The Group has recognised the following liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                                            As at                    As at
                                                                                                         June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

            Contract liabilities                                                                            125,223                  173,055

            Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while the
            underlying services are yet to be provided. Due to generally the short-term duration of the relevant contracts,
            a majority of the contract liabilities are recognised in the following year.

7   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

    Government grants (Note)                                                                                  2,105                     2,339
    Value-added tax and other tax refunds                                                                    39,488                    74,516
    Others                                                                                                       40                       121


                                                                                                             41,633                    76,976

    Note:   Government grants primarily relate to grants in connection with the Group’s contributions to technology development and investments in
            local business districts. Those grants are not stipulated with any unfulfilled conditions or contingencies.




                                                                                 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                              51
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8    OTHER GAINS, NET
                                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                  2025                       2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

     Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                    5,546                     21,168
       – Listed equity securities                                                                                     174                           –
       – Unlisted equity securities                                                                                  (666)                     (2,694)
       – Preferred shares investments                                                                              (3,634)                     (6,988)
       – Fund investments                                                                                           6,091                     29,519
       – Wealth management products                                                                                 3,581                       1,331
     Foreign exchange gains, net                                                                                   11,233                       1,890
     Gain on partial disposal of an investment accounted for
       using the equity method (Note 16(b))                                                                        12,582                          –
     Gain on partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control (Note 31)                                        6,375                     31,545
     Gain on disposals of property and equipment                                                                       33                          –
     Others                                                                                                         1,848                       (439)


                                                                                                                   37,617                     54,164

9    EXPENSES BY NATURE
                                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                  2025                       2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

     Employee benefit expenses                                                                                   132,976                   254,007
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                                            23,274                         –
     Cloud, technology and other technical service fees                                                        1,085,791                 1,065,572
     Cost of finished goods sold                                                                               1,361,677                   694,740
     Advertising and marketing expenses                                                                          155,143                    59,839
     Depreciation and amortisation
       – Property and equipment (Note 14)                                                                           6,370                      9,489
       – Right-of-use assets (Note 13(a))                                                                           5,073                     13,944
       – Intangible assets (Note 15)                                                                                4,182                     11,341
     Other professional fees                                                                                       13,030                     13,903
     Business travel expenses                                                                                       4,212                      9,340
     Reversals of/(provision for) credit loss allowance, net (Note)                                               (14,383)                    24,472
     Impairment provision for inventories                                                                             309                      3,218
     Others                                                                                                        12,975                     26,995


                                                                                                               2,790,629                 2,186,860

     Note:   Mainly include the reversals of/(provision for) credit loss allowance on contract assets, trade receivables, and other receivables (refer to
             Notes 6(a), 20 and 21 respectively).




        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
52      Interim Report 2025
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10   FINANCE INCOME AND FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

     Finance income:
     Interest income from bank deposits                                                     28,982                  26,913
     Interest income from loan to a related party (Note 32(b))                                 101                      51
     Amortised amounts on receivable from the partial disposal of
        a subsidiary with loss of control                                                     1,542                  1,631


                                                                                            30,625                  28,595


     Finance costs:
     Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note 13(b))                                        (401)                  (952)
     Interest expense on borrowings                                                             (43)                (1,270)
     Amortised amounts on payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                 –                 (2,346)
     Others                                                                                    (975)                  (144)


                                                                                             (1,419)                (4,712)

11   INCOME TAX CREDIT/(EXPENSES)
     The income tax credit/(expenses) of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 are analysed as
     follows:

                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

     Current income tax                                                                           –                 (6,176)
     Deferred income tax                                                                      1,455                  1,257


     Income tax credit/(expenses)                                                             1,455                 (4,919)

     Income tax credit/(expenses) are recognised based on management’s best knowledge of the income tax rates that
     would be applicable to the full financial year.




                                                                    Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                        53
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11   INCOME TAX CREDIT/(EXPENSES) (continued)
     Notes:

     (a)      Enterprise income tax in the PRC (“EIT”)

              The income tax provision of the Group in respect of its operations in the PRC was calculated at tax rate of 25% on the assessable profits
              for the respective year presented, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

              A subsidiary of the Company in the PRC was approved as High and New Technology Enterprise in December 2016 and renewed the
              qualification in December 2019 and November 2022, hence it enjoys a preferential income tax rate of 15% from December 2016 to
              November 2025. The subsidiary is in the progress of renewing the High and New Technology Enterprise qualification in 2025.

     (b)      Hong Kong Profits Tax

              The entity incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax of which the tax rate is 8.25% for assessable profits in the first
              Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 2 million and 16.5% for any assessable profits in excess of HK$2 million.

              No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made as the Group had no estimated assessable profit that was subject to Hong Kong Profits
              Tax during the periods presented.

     (c)      Singapore income tax

              The entity incorporated in Singapore is subject to Singapore income tax at a rate of 17% for taxable income earned in Singapore.

              No provision for Singapore income tax was made as the Group had no estimated assessable profit that was subject to Singapore income
              tax during the periods presented.

     (d)      Super Deduction for research and development expenses

              As announced by the State Taxation Administration of the PRC in March 2023, all enterprises engaging in research and development
              activities would entitle to claim 200% of their research and development expenses as Super Deduction from January 1, 2023. The Group
              has made its best estimate for the Super Deduction to be claimed for the Group’s entities in ascertaining their assessable profits.




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
54         Interim Report 2025
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12   LOSS PER SHARE
     The basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted
     average number of ordinary shares in issue during the respective periods. In determining the weighted average
     number of ordinary shares in issue, treasury stock and shares held for share award schemes are excluded from the
     calculation.

     Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
     assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. There were no potential ordinary shares issued during the
     six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. Hence, diluted loss per share for both periods are same as basic loss
     per share for the respective periods.

                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                         (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

     Loss attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                      (66,973)            (151,598)
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue excluding treasury
       stock and shares held for share award schemes (thousand shares)                        486,584                  465,817


     Basic and diluted loss per share for loss attributable to owners of the
       Company (expressed in RMB per share)                                                      (0.14)                  (0.33)

13   LEASES
     The Group leases certain of its offices under operating lease arrangements, which are negotiated for terms ranging
     from 6 months to 3 years.

     The condensed consolidated statement of financial position include the following amounts relating to leases:

     (a)    Right-of-use assets
            The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the six months ended
            June 30, 2025 and 2024 are as follows, respectively:

                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

            At beginning of the period                                                         24,299                   44,363
            Additions                                                                             291                     8,180
            Depreciation charge                                                                (5,073)                 (13,944)
            Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control (Note 31)                      (191)                   (2,475)


            At end of the period                                                               19,326                   36,124




                                                                       Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                             55
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13   LEASES (continued)
     (b)      Lease liabilities
              The carrying amounts of the Group’s lease liabilities as at June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024 are as
              follows, respectively:

                                                                                         As at              As at
                                                                                      June 30,       December 31,
                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)           (Audited)

              Current                                                                    9,569              11,009
              Non-current                                                                7,109              11,470


                                                                                        16,678              22,479

              The condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income show the following amounts relating to
              leases:

                                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)

              Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 9)                        5,073              13,944
              Interest expense (Note 10)                                                   401                 952
              Expense relating to short-term leases                                         67                  58




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
56         Interim Report 2025
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
     The movement of property and equipment for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 is as below:

                                                     Server and
                                                      electronic              Office   Leasehold
                                                     equipment            equipment improvements                  Total
                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000                RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2025
     Opening net book amount                              16,810               15,458             2,417               34,685
     Additions                                            13,034                    –             3,413               16,447
     Disposals                                                 –               (1,007)                –               (1,007)
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with
       loss of control (Note 31)                            (663)                 (99)               (76)               (838)
     Depreciation charge (Note 9)                         (2,536)              (3,166)              (668)             (6,370)


     Closing net book amount                              26,645               11,186             5,086               42,917


     At June 30, 2025
     Cost                                                 54,876               44,888            10,689              110,453
     Accumulated depreciation                            (28,231)             (33,702)           (5,603)             (67,536)


     Net book amount                                      26,645               11,186             5,086               42,917


     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2024
     Opening net book amount                              15,332               20,496            11,219               47,047
     Additions                                               371               10,469               248               11,088
     Disposals                                                (95)                 (28)               –                 (123)
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of
       control                                            (1,624)                (425)            (1,711)              (3,760)
     Depreciation charge (Note 9)                         (2,895)              (3,735)            (2,859)              (9,489)


     Closing net book amount                              11,089               26,777             6,897               44,763


     At June 30, 2024
     Cost                                                 35,187               56,958            29,259              121,404
     Accumulated depreciation                            (24,098)             (30,181)          (22,362)              (76,641)


     Net book amount                                      11,089               26,777             6,897               44,763




                                                                     Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                           57
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
     Depreciation charges were expensed off in the following categories in the condensed consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income:

                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

     Research and development expenses                                                 4,075               5,135
     Administrative expenses                                                           2,176               3,616
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                      119                 738


                                                                                       6,370               9,489




        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
58      Interim Report 2025
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                            Software
                                            Goodwill             and                        Customer        Brand
                                              (Note)        copyright     Technology      relationship      name           Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2025
     Opening net book amount                  165,639           1,023           3,330          15,400       4,355         189,747
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary
       with loss of control (Note 31)        (165,639)              –          (2,220)        (13,200)      (4,020)      (185,079)
     Amortisation charge (Note 9)                   –            (537)         (1,110)         (2,200)        (335)        (4,182)


     Closing net book amount                        –            486                 –               –           –            486


     At June 30, 2025
     Cost                                           –          34,765                –               –           –         34,765
     Accumulated amortisation                       –         (34,279)               –               –           –        (34,279)


     Net book amount                                –            486                 –               –           –            486


     (Unaudited)
     Six months ended June 30, 2024
     Opening net book amount                  335,801           7,632          23,615          53,605       5,025         425,678
     Additions                                      –           1,000               –               –           –           1,000
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary
       with loss of control                   (94,088)         (4,242)        (12,760)        (20,279)           –       (131,369)
     Amortisation charge (Note 9)                   –          (1,465)          (3,235)         (6,306)       (335)        (11,341)


     Closing net book amount                  241,713           2,925           7,620          27,020       4,690         283,968


     At June 30, 2024
     Cost                                     241,713          35,003          16,400          46,500        6,700        346,316
     Accumulated amortisation                       –         (32,078)          (8,780)       (19,480)      (2,010)        (62,348)


     Net book amount                          241,713           2,925           7,620          27,020       4,690         283,968

     The directors of the Company concluded that there were no impairment indicators identified during the six months
     ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. No impairment loss of goodwill and intangible assets is required to be recognised as
     of June 30, 2025 and 2024.




                                                                         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                59
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
     Amortisation charges were expensed off in the following categories in the condensed consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income:

                                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

     Administrative expenses                                                                                      765                     1,167
     Research and development expenses                                                                          1,217                     3,343
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                                             2,200                     6,831

                                                                                                                4,182                   11,341

16   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
                                                                                                              As at                   As at
                                                                                                           June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                (Audited)

     Investments accounted for using the equity method
        – Associates                                                                                         413,118                   250,920
        – Joint ventures                                                                                     297,882                   303,589

                                                                                                             711,000                   554,509

                                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

     At beginning of the period                                                                              554,509                    53,436
     Addition (Note (a))                                                                                      30,000                         –
     Transfer from partial disposal of a subsidiary
       with loss of control (Note 31)                                                                        168,627                   167,200
     Disposals (Note (b))                                                                                    (22,452)                         –
     Share of results                                                                                        (19,673)                     1,624
     Share of other comprehensive loss                                                                             –                     (6,306)
     Others                                                                                                      (11)                        39

     At end of the period                                                                                    711,000                   215,993

     Notes:

     (a)      During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group acquired 15.87% equity interest of Shenzhen New Potential Energy Phase II Angel
              Venture Capital Enterprise (Limited Partnership) at a consideration of RMB30,000,000.

     (b)      During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group partially disposed of 12% equity interest of EpicHust Technology (Wuhan) Co.,
              Ltd. to an independent third party at the consideration of approximately RMB33,600,000. A gain on disposal of an investment accounted
              for using the equity method amounted to approximately RMB12,582,000 was recognised in profit or loss during the six months ended
              June 30, 2025.




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
60         Interim Report 2025
                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17   INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                                  As at                    As at
                                                                                                               June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                                  2025                     2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

     Non-current assets
     Long-term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
       – Unlisted equity securities (Note (i))                                                                   113,529                    113,695
       – Preferred shares investments (Note (ii))                                                                      –                      3,634
       – Fund investments (Note (iii))                                                                           269,446                    342,639


                                                                                                                 382,975                    459,968


     Current assets
     Short-term investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
       – Listed equity securities                                                                                 10,174                          –
       – Wealth management products (Note (iv))                                                                   30,029                          –
       – Fund investments (Note (iii))                                                                           526,176                    475,234


                                                                                                                 566,379                    475,234

     Notes:

     (i)      Unlisted equity securities
              The fair values of unlisted securities are measured using a valuation technique with unobservable inputs and hence classified as level 3 of
              the fair value hierarchy. The major assumptions used in the valuation for investment in private companies have been set out in Note 5.2.

     (ii)     Preferred shares investments
              The preferred shares investments in the investee were ordinary shares with preferential rights. The Group had the right to require and
              demand the investees to redeem all of the shares held by the Group at guaranteed predetermined fixed amount upon redemption events
              which were out of control of issuers. Hence, these investments were accounted for as debt instruments and were measured at fair value
              through profit or loss. These investments were within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 5.2).

     (iii)    Fund investments
              The Group invested in funds which focus on equity investment in unlisted companies and debt securities investments. The returns of
              the funds are not guaranteed and their contractual cash flows do not qualify for solely payments of principal and interest, hence they are
              measured at fair value through profit or loss. The Group determines the fair values of the fund investments as at the reporting date based
              on the reported net asset values of the funds. These investments are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 5.2).

              On September 17, 2021, Beijing Paradigm Artificial Intelligence Equity Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) (“Paradigm Fund”) was
              incorporated in Beijing, PRC. Paradigm Pilot Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (formerly known as “Fourth Paradigm (Shenzhen) Data &
              Technology Co., Ltd.”), the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, as a limited partner, paid RMB200,000,000 and RMB40,842,000 (total
              investment of RMB240,842,000, 45.7% of the total capital contribution) on December 13, 2021 and April 11, 2024, respectively. The
              Group has elected to measure the investment in Paradigm Fund at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial
              Instruments. The carrying amount of this fund investment was approximately RMB251,089,000 as at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024:
              RMB255,131,000).




                                                                                     Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                     61
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17   INVESTMENTS (continued)
     Notes: (continued)

     (iii)      Fund investments (continued)
                On September 26, 2023, the Group invested RMB390,000,000 in a private fund, GaoTeng Overseas Equity No.3 Private Equity
                Investment Fund. GaoTeng Overseas Private Fund Management (Hainan) Ltd. and Agricultural Bank of China Limited Hainan Branch are
                the fund manager and the fund trustee, respectively. The Group has no significant influence over the fund and the fund manager and the
                Group can redeem its fund shares after a lockup period of 360 days. As at June 30, 2025, this fund investment was classified as current
                assets. The carrying amount of this fund investment was approximately RMB409,968,000 as at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024:
                RMB403,079,000).

                On September 19, 2023, the Group invested RMB155,000,000 in a private fund, Jinyi Equity A-9 Private Equity Investment Fund. Beijing
                Jinyi Asset Management Co., Ltd. and Citic Securities Company Limited are the fund manager and the fund trustee, respectively. The
                Group has no significant influence over the fund and the fund manager and the Group can redeem its fund shares after a lockup period of
                730 days. As at June 30, 2025, this fund investment has been wholly redeemed (carrying amount of this fund investment as at December
                31, 2024 was approximately RMB144,309,000).

                During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group invested USD16,143,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB115,969,000) in a
                fund linked note issued by a financial institution. The Group has no significant influence over the fund and the fund manager and the Group
                can redeem the investment by the end of year 2025. As at June 30, 2025, the investment was classified as a current asset. The carrying
                amount of the investment was approximately RMB116,208,000 as at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024: nil).

     (iv)       Wealth management products
                The wealth management products are mainly denominated in RMB. The returns on all these wealth management products are not
                guaranteed and their contractual cash flows do not qualify for solely payments of principal and interest, hence they are measured at fair
                value through profit or loss. None of these investments are past due. The Group determines the fair value of the wealth management
                products based on the statement provided by the financial institutions. These investments are within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy (Note
                5.2).




             Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
62           Interim Report 2025
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                             As at                   As at
                                                                                                          June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)                (Audited)

     Prepayment for cloud computing services (Note)                                                         135,613                   175,210
     Prepayment for plant and equipment                                                                         672                    12,956
     Consideration receivables from the partial disposal of subsidiaries with
       loss of control (Note 31)                                                                              41,303                   39,761


                                                                                                            177,588                   227,927

     Note:   During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group entered into a contract and a series of service orders with a third-party supplier
             to purchase cloud computing services for a term of 5 years. As at June 30, 2025, the non-current portion of the prepayment for cloud
             computing services amounted to RMB135,613,000 (December 31, 2024: RMB175,210,000), and the current portion amounting to
             RMB68,237,000 (December 31, 2024: RMB62,760,000) which was recorded in “Prepayments and other receivables”. The supplier has
             gradually provided the related cloud computing services to the Group starting from October 2023.


19   INVENTORIES
                                                                                                             As at                   As at
                                                                                                          June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)                (Audited)

     Finished goods                                                                                         242,735                    10,162
     Contract fulfilment cost                                                                               141,750                   165,247


                                                                                                            384,485                   175,409
     Less: provision for impairment                                                                          (4,101)                    (3,792)


                                                                                                            380,384                   171,617

     Finished goods are mainly server and other related hardware products to be delivered to customers with a quick
     turnover. Contract fulfilment cost are recognised from the costs incurred to fulfil contracts of customised AI
     applications development services, which will be recognised to cost of sales mainly within 3-6 months when the
     Group’s related performance obligations are satisfied and hence the related service contract revenue is recognised.

     Provision for impairment was recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of the inventories exceeds its
     net realisable value and was recorded in “cost of sales” in the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive
     income.




                                                                                 Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                              63
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




20   TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                           As at             As at
                                                                                        June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)

     Third parties                                                                     2,232,699         3,366,568
     Less: credit loss allowance                                                        (265,954)         (280,928)


                                                                                       1,966,745         3,085,640

     The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are mainly denominated in RMB.

     Movements on the Group’s credit loss allowance for trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     At beginning of the period                                                         (280,928)         (116,729)
     Reversals of/(provision for) credit loss allowance, net                              14,372            (34,046)
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control                                   602             19,914


     At end of the period                                                               (265,954)         (130,861)

     The Group generally allows a credit period within 90 days to its customers. Aging analysis of the gross carrying
     amount of trade receivables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                           As at             As at
                                                                                        June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)

     Trade receivables
     Up to 3 months                                                                         507,760      1,708,710
     3 to 6 months                                                                          559,779        875,386
     6 months to 1 year                                                                     552,239        346,588
     Over 1 year                                                                            612,921        435,884


                                                                                       2,232,699         3,366,568




        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
64      Interim Report 2025
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                As at                    As at
                                                                                                             June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                                2025                     2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

   Prepayments to suppliers                                                                                    462,792                    261,291
   Deductible value-added input tax                                                                            209,526                     78,122
   Other receivables from third party customers (Note (a))                                                         247                     31,000
   Rental, bidding and other deposits                                                                           17,594                     13,628
   Consideration receivables from the partial disposal of subsidiaries with
     loss of control (Note 31 and Note (c))                                                                      51,376                     68,837
   Consideration receivables from the partial disposal of investments
     accounted for using the equity method                                                                       30,000                     40,000
   Prepayments and receivables from related parties (Note 32(c))                                                 47,654                     45,563
   Others                                                                                                           618                      6,163


                                                                                                               819,807                    544,604
   Less: credit loss allowance (Note (b))                                                                       (8,612)                     (8,638)


                                                                                                               811,195                    535,966

   Notes:

   (a)      In certain transactions with customers, the Group only acted as an agent for purchasing certain hardware (the “hardware component”) on
            behalf of the customer while acted as a principal in delivering the software to the customer. Therefore, the amounts recoverable from the
            Group’s customer and the amounts payable to the Group’s hardware supplier in connection with the hardware component have been
            recognised as other receivables and other payables (Note 26), respectively in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as
            at June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024.

   (b)      The expected credit losses of other receivables that are measured at amortised cost including deposits and other receivables from third
            party customers were measured as either 12 months or lifetime expected credit loss, depending on whether there has been a significant
            increase in credit risk since initial recognition.

   (c)      There is a contingent put option granted to the buyer from the partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control in 2024, according to
            which, if the buyer does not pay the remaining consideration to the Group in certain situation, the buyer could put the corresponding
            shares to the Group. The Group recognised such consideration receivable with the embedded put option as financial assets measured at
            fair value through profit and loss and evaluates the fair value of the consideration receivable at every balance sheet date. The balance of
            the fair value measured consideration receivables from the partial disposal of subsidiaries with loss of control as of was RMB41,303,000
            (December 31, 2024: RMB39,761,000), recorded in other non-current assets; and 22,837,000 (December 31, 2024: RMB32,837,000),
            recorded in prepayments and other receivables.




                                                                                   Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                   65
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
     (a)      Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                             As at          As at
                                                                                          June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)

              Cash at bank and in hand                                                   1,236,852        858,618
              Short-term bank deposits with initial terms less than three months           787,664              –


                                                                                         2,024,516        858,618

              Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                             As at          As at
                                                                                          June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)

              RMB                                                                          588,936        593,127
              USD                                                                        1,432,709        254,907
              HKD                                                                            1,907          8,939
              SGD                                                                              958          1,636
              Euro                                                                               6              9


                                                                                         2,024,516        858,618

     (b)      Restricted cash
              Restricted cash are all denominated in Renminbi. As at June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the
              restricted cash was held at bank as issuance of letter of guarantee or bank acceptance bills.




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
66         Interim Report 2025
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. CASH AND BANK BALANCES (continued)
     (c)     Term bank deposits
             Term bank deposits are all denominated in RMB.

                                                                                                               As at                     As at
                                                                                                            June 30,              December 31,
                                                                                                               2025                      2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                  (Audited)

             Included in current assets
             Short-term bank deposits                                                                          141,497                   454,636
             Long-term bank deposits maturing within one year                                                        –                   105,017


                                                                                                               141,497                   559,653


             Included in non-current assets
             Long-term bank deposits                                                                           531,911                   405,009

             Short-term bank deposits are bank deposits with original maturities over three months but within twelve
             months and redeemable on maturity. Long-term bank deposits are bank deposits with original maturities over
             twelve months and redeemable on maturity ranging from 3 to 5 years. The effective interest rate for the short-
             term bank deposits was from 1.95% to 2.05% per annum for the six months ended June 30, 2025 (2024:
             1.85%-4.70%). The effective interest rates for the long-term bank deposits were 2.15%-3.90% per annum
             for the six months ended June 30, 2025 (2024: 2.60%-3.90%).

23   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                     Nominal
                                                                                                         Number of                    value of
                                                                                                    ordinary shares           ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    RMB’000

     Authorised and issued:

     As of December 31, 2024 (audited)                                                                   465,858,733                     465,859
     Placing of shares (Note)                                                                             27,920,000                      27,920


     As of June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                                                                     493,778,733                     493,779

     Note:   On February 13, 2025, a total of 27,920,000 Placing Shares have been successfully placed by the Placing Agents at the Placing Price of
             HK$50.20 per Placing Share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Placing Agreement. The total placing price is therefore amounted
             to HK$1,401,584,000 (approximately to RMB1,286,269,000), comprising of RMB27,920,000 share capital and RMB1,258,349,000 of
             share premium (Note 24). Following the Placing Completion and as at the date of this report, the number of the total issued Shares of the
             Company is 493,778,733 Shares, comprising 294,909,496 H Shares and 198,869,237 Unlisted Shares.




                                                                                   Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                  67
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24   TREASURY STOCK, SHARES HELD FOR SHARE AWARD SCHEMES AND
     RESERVES
                                                                         Shares held                   Share-
                                                                           for share                   based        Currency
                                                             Treasury         award      Capital     payment      translation       Other
                                                                stock      schemes       reserve      reserve        reserve      reserve       Total
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Balance at January 1, 2025                               (18,107)             –    8,370,096    1,597,720        (4,014)       5,728     9,969,530
     Currency translation differences                               –              –            –            –       (12,458)           –       (12,458)
     Shares repurchase (Note (a))                             (10,840)             –            –            –             –            –             –
     Placing of shares (Note 23)                                    –              –    1,258,349            –             –            –     1,258,349
     Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares              –              –         (905)           –             –            –          (905)
     Shares purchased and withheld for
       Share Scheme Trust (Note (b))                                –         (7,585)           –            –              –           –             –
     Vesting of awarded shares from Share Scheme Trust
       (Note (b))                                                   –          6,907            –       (6,907)             –           –        (6,907)
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments
       (Notes (b) and (c))                                          –              –            –      23,274               –           –       23,274
     Partial disposal of an associate                               –              –       (1,434)          –               –           –       (1,434)
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control          –              –        8,456           –               –           –        8,456


     Balance at June 30, 2025                                 (28,947)          (678)   9,634,562    1,614,087       (16,472)       5,728    11,237,905


     (Unaudited)
     Balance at January 1, 2024                                     –              –    8,370,096    1,590,125         (7,272)     16,689     9,969,638
     Currency translation differences                               –              –            –            –          1,330           –         1,330
     Shares repurchase                                        (12,495)             –            –            –              –           –             –
     Share of other comprehensive loss of investments
       accounted for using the equity method                        –              –            –            –              –      (6,306)       (6,306)


     Balance at June 30, 2024                                 (12,495)             –    8,370,096    1,590,125         (5,942)     10,383     9,964,662




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
68        Interim Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24   TREASURY STOCK, SHARES HELD FOR SHARE AWARD SCHEMES AND
     RESERVES (continued)
     Notes:

     (a)      In May 2024, June 2024 and July 2024, the Company has repurchased 379,400 ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with
              an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB18,107,000. Out of the shares repurchased, 186,100 ordinary shares were repurchased
              for cancellation.

              In April 2025, the Company has further repurchased 308,900 ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with an aggregate
              consideration of approximately RMB10,840,000.

              As of December 31, 2024 and June 30, 2025, the repurchased shares have not been cancelled. The Company accounts for the
              repurchased ordinary shares under the cost method and includes such treasury stock as a component of the shareholders’ equity.

     (b)      On April 8, 2025, the Company set up a Share Scheme Trust (“the Trust”), in which was administrated by a third party trustee. H
              shares of the Company will be purchased by the Trust from the open market from time to time in satisfaction of the share awards. The
              consideration, including any directly attributable incremental cost, is presented as “Shares held for share award schemes” and the amount
              is deducted from total equity. When the Trust transfers the Company’s shares to the awardees upon vesting, the related costs of the
              awarded shares vested are credited to “Shares held for share award schemes”, with a corresponding adjustment made to “Share-based
              payment reserve”. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the trustee of the Share Scheme Trust purchased and withheld 188,200
              ordinary shares (2024: nil) of the Company for an amount of approximately HK$8,246,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB7,585,000)
              (2024: nil), which had been deducted from equity.

              On June 2, 2025, the Company granted 178,444 RSUs (the “RSUs”) to the awardees in accordance with the H-Share RSU Scheme of the
              Company adopted on September 19, 2024. The RSUs were granted without service conditions and performance condition, and vested
              and matured immediately upon grant. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Share Scheme Trust transferred 178,444 ordinary
              shares of the Company to the share awardees upon vesting of the RSUs.

              The total expenses recognised in profit or loss for the aforementioned share-based payments are RMB6,907,000 for the six months
              ended June 30, 2025 (for the six months ended June 30, 2024: nil).

     (c)      On September 19, 2024, the Shareholders of the Company approved and adopted the establishment of the 2024 share option scheme
              (“2024 Share Option Scheme”) with the purpose of attracting, motivating, retaining and rewarding certain employees. The share options
              granted to employees were subject to a service condition and a performance condition and will be vested in equal installments from the
              grant date to 4 years. An evaluation is made each year as to likelihood of performance condition being met.

              Movement in the number of share options granted is set out as below:

                                                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                                                     Share options

              As at December 31, 2024 and June 30, 2025                                                                                   5,124,445


              The total expenses recognised in profit or loss for the aforementioned share-based payments are RMB16,367,000 for the six months
              ended June 30, 2025 (for the six months ended June 30, 2024: nil).




                                                                                     Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                   69
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25   TRADE PAYABLES
     Trade payables primarily include payables for inventories and outsourcing service fees. As at June 30, 2025 and
     December 31, 2024, the carrying amounts of trade payables were primarily denominated in RMB.

     Trade payables and their aging analysis based on invoice date are as follows:

                                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                                        June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Audited)

     Up to 3 months                                                                     339,326         1,463,293
     3 to 6 months                                                                      562,417           328,772
     Over 6 months                                                                      342,272           391,198


                                                                                       1,244,015        2,183,263

26   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                                        June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Audited)

     Payroll payables                                                                    13,226            25,936
     Listing expenses payables                                                            6,304             7,079
     Other taxes payables                                                                 4,619             4,488
     Expense reimbursement payable to employees                                               –             2,319
     Payable to third party hardware suppliers (Note 21(a))                               1,300            32,300
     Payable to a related party                                                              84             8,500
     Payables to other suppliers                                                         10,701            10,701
     Accrued expenses and others                                                          3,193             3,466


                                                                                         39,427            94,789

     The carrying amounts of other payables approximated their fair values as at June 30, 2025 and December 31,
     2024. Other payables were primarily denominated in RMB.




        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
70      Interim Report 2025
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27   BORROWINGS
                                                                                                                As at                    As at
                                                                                                             June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                                2025                     2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

     Included in current liabilities
     Guaranteed borrowing (Note (a))                                                                                   –                     4,000
     Unsecured borrowings (Note (b))                                                                               1,883                     1,883


                                                                                                                   1,883                     5,883

     Notes:

     (a)      As at December 31, 2024, borrowings of RMB4,000,000 (June 30, 2025: nil), with effective rate 3.73% per annum, was guaranteed by
              the director of a subsidiary.

     (b)      As at June 30, 2025, unsecured borrowings comprise of short-term unsecured borrowings of RMB1,883,000 (As at December 31, 2024:
              RMB1,883,000) which bear fixed interest rate at 4% (As at December 31, 2024: 4.0%) per annum.


28   OTHER LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                As at                    As at
                                                                                                             June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                                2025                     2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

     Included in current liabilities
     Payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                     18,840                    18,840
     Receipt in advance                                                                                           2,178                       950
     Deferred income (Note)                                                                                      41,500                     8,380


                                                                                                                 62,518                    28,170

     Note:    Deferred income represented government grants provided for in connection with the Group’s contributions to technology development
              and investments in local business districts. Such amounts are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
              the grants will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group
              recognised income of RMB2,105,000 (2024: RMB24,485,000).




                                                                                    Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                  71
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29   COMMITMENTS
     Capital commitments contracted for at the balance sheet date but not yet incurred are as follows:

                                                                                              As at                As at
                                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Investments                                                                              50,000                4,000

30   DIVIDENDS
     No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during each of the six months ended June 30, 2025 and
     2024.

31   PARTIAL DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH LOSS OF CONTROL
     (a)      Partial disposal of equity interest in Beijing Ideal Information Technology Co., Ltd.
              (“Beijing Ideal”) with loss of control
              On June 30, 2025, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with Shenzhen Zhongzheng
              Guangzhi Information Co., Ltd for the transfer of the Group’s 10% (out of the total of 56.84%) equity
              interest in Beijing Ideal, a subsidiary of the Company, and its consolidated subsidiaries with a consideration
              of RMB36,000,000. The transaction was completed on June 30, 2025 with an aggregate net gain of
              approximately RMB6,375,000. Upon completion of the partial disposal, Beijing Ideal ceased to be a
              subsidiary of the Company and the Group continues to have significant influence on Beijing Ideal through the
              Group’s representative in the board of directors of Beijing Ideal. Accordingly, the Group’s remaining 46.84%
              equity interest in Beijing Ideal with a fair value of approximately RMB168,627,000 was transferred as an
              investment accounted for using the equity method.

              The consideration of the transaction will be paid by instalments prior to December 31, 2026. As of June 30,
              2025, consideration in cash of RMB20,000,000 had been received by the Group in accordance with the
              agreed payment schedule. As at June 30, 2025, the current portion of remaining receivables arising from the
              equity transfer amounted to RMB16,000,000 (Note 21).




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
72         Interim Report 2025
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




31   PARTIAL DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH LOSS OF CONTROL (continued)
     (a)   Partial disposal of equity interest in Beijing Ideal Information Technology Co., Ltd.
           (“Beijing Ideal”) with loss of control (continued)
           The assets and liabilities derecognised as a result of the partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control
           are as follows:

                                                                                                                   As at
                                                                                                                June 30,
                                                                                                                   2025
                                                                                                               RMB’000
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)

           Non-current assets
           Right-of-use assets                                                                                          191
           Property and equipment                                                                                       838
           Intangible assets                                                                                         19,440
           Contract assets                                                                                              451
           Deferred tax assets                                                                                          546


                                                                                                                     21,466


           Current assets
           Inventories                                                                                               19,376
           Trade receivables                                                                                         28,466
           Contract assets                                                                                              446
           Prepayments and other receivables                                                                          3,016
           Restricted cash                                                                                            1,839
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  1,622


                                                                                                                     54,765


           Total assets                                                                                              76,231


           Current liabilities
           Trade payables                                                                                             3,360
           Other payables and accruals                                                                                6,262
           Borrowings                                                                                                17,300
           Contract liabilities                                                                                       6,042


                                                                                                                     32,964


           Total liabilities                                                                                         32,964


           Net assets                                                                                                43,267




                                                                     Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                         73
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




31   PARTIAL DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH LOSS OF CONTROL (continued)
     (a)      Partial disposal of equity interest in Beijing Ideal Information Technology Co., Ltd.
              (“Beijing Ideal”) with loss of control (continued)
              Details of partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control:

                                                                                                                   Period from
                                                                                                               January 1, 2025
                                                                                                              to June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (Unaudited)

              Consideration received or receivable:
              Cash received                                                                                             20,000
              Consideration receivable                                                                                  16,000


              Total cash consideration                                                                                  36,000


              Fair value of the Group’s remaining equity interest                                                     168,627


              Total disposal consideration                                                                            204,627


              Carrying amount of net assets disposed excluding goodwill                                                 (43,267)
              Release of capital reserve                                                                                  (8,456)
              Non-controlling interests                                                                                  19,110
              Goodwill disposed                                                                                       (165,639)


              Gain on partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control                                             6,375

              Reconciliation of the cash flows from partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control:

                                                                                                                        As at
                                                                                                                     June 30,
                                                                                                                        2025
                                                                                                                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)

              Cash received                                                                                             20,000
              Cash disposed                                                                                             (1,622)


              Cash flows from partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control,
                net of cash disposed at date of disposal                                                                18,378




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
74         Interim Report 2025
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




31   PARTIAL DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH LOSS OF CONTROL (continued)
     (b)   Partial disposal of equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei (Guangzhou) Technology Co.,
           Ltd. (“Zhongneng Shibei Technology”) with loss of control
           On February 9, 2024, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with Ningbo Herong Shengjing
           Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) for the transfer of the Group’s 22% (out of the total
           of 66%) equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei Technology, a subsidiary of the Company, and its consolidated
           subsidiaries with a total cash consideration of RMB88,000,000. The transaction was completed on April 1,
           2024 with an aggregate net gain of approximately RMB31,545,000. Upon completion of the partial disposal,
           Zhongneng Shibei Technology ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and the Group continues to have
           significant influence on Zhongneng Shibei Technology through the Group’s representative in the board
           of directors of Zhongneng Shibei Technology. Accordingly, the Group’s remaining 44% equity interest in
           Zhongneng Shibei Technology with a fair value of approximately RMB167,200,000 was transferred as an
           investment accounted for using the equity method.

           The consideration of the transaction will be paid by instalments prior to December 31, 2026. As of June
           30, 2025, consideration of RMB20,000,000 (December 31, 2024: RMB10,000,000) had been received by
           the Group. The current and non-current portion of remaining receivables arising from the equity transfer
           amounted to RMB22,837,000 (as at December 31, 2024: RMB32,837,000) (Note 21) and RMB41,303,000
           (as at December 31, 2024: RMB39,761,000) (Note 18).

     (c)   Partial disposal of equity interest in EpicHust Technology (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. (“EpicHust
           Technology”) with loss of control
           In the third quarter of 2024, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with several entities
           controlled by the management team for the transfer of 44.69% (out of the total of 79.66%) equity interest
           in EpicHust Technology, a subsidiary of the Company, and its consolidated subsidiaries with a total cash
           consideration of RMB72,000,000. The transaction was completed on August 31, 2024 with an aggregate
           net gain of approximately RMB35,606,000. Upon completion of the partial disposal, EpicHust Technology
           ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and the Group continues to have significant influence on
           EpicHust Technology through the Group’s representative in the board of directors of EpicHust Technology.
           Accordingly, the Group’s remaining 34.97% equity interest in EpicHust Technology with a fair value of
           approximately RMB56,342,000 was transferred as an investment accounted for using the equity method
           during the year ended December 31, 2024.

           The consideration of the transaction was scheduled to be paid by instalments prior to April 30, 2025 and was
           further extended to February 28, 2026 during the six months ended June 30, 2025. As of June 30, 2025,
           consideration of RMB59,461,000 (December 31, 2024: RMB36,000,000) had been received by the Group in
           accordance with the agreed payment schedule. The current portion of remaining receivables arising from the
           equity transfer amounted to RMB12,539,000 (as at December 31,2024: RMB36,000,000) (Note 21).




                                                                   Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                     75
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32   RELATED PARTY BALANCES/TRANSACTIONS
     Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or
     exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operation decisions. Parties are also
     considered to be related if they are subject to common control. Members of key management and their close family
     members of the Group are also considered as related parties.

     The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the periods
     presented. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the
     normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

     (a)      Names and relationships with related parties
              The following companies are related parties of the Group that had transactions and/or balances with the
              Group during the for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024.

              Names of the major related parties                      Relationship


              Yijing Zhilian (Suzhou) Technology Co., Ltd.            Associate of the Group
                 (“Yijing Zhilian”)
              Beijing Data Element Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.   Associate of the Group
                 (“Data Element”)
              Zhongneng Shibei Technology and its consolidated        Associate of the Group (a subsidiary of the Group prior
                 subsidiaries (“Zhongneng Shibei Technology”)           to April 2024)
              EpicHust Technology and its consolidated                Associate of the Group (a subsidiary of the Group prior
                 subsidiaries. (“EpicHust Technology”)                  to August 2024)
              Beijing Ideal Information Technology Co., Ltd.          Associate of the Group (a subsidiary of the Group prior
                 (“Beijing Ideal”)                                      to June 2025)
              Shenzhen Wake UP Technology Co., Ltd.                   Joint venture of the Group (invested in 2024)
                 (“Wake Up”)
              Lianxu Qi                                               Non-controlling shareholder and management of the
                                                                        Group




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
76         Interim Report 2025
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32   RELATED PARTY BALANCES/TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (b)   Major transactions with related parties
                                                                                         Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

           (i)   Sales of goods and services
                 Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                                          –                   762
                 EpicHust Technology                                                                 12                     –


                                                                                                     12                   762


           (ii) Purchases of goods and services
                Data Element                                                                          –                   698
                Wake Up                                                                           3,105                     –


                                                                                                  3,105                   698


           (iii) Loan to related parties
                 Loan to Zhongneng Shibei Technology:
                 At beginning of the period                                                     35,326                       –
                 Additions                                                                           –                  35,000
                 Interest income (Note 10)                                                         101                      51


                 At end of the period                                                           35,427                  35,051


                 Loan to EpicHust Technology:
                 At beginning of the period and at the end of the period                        10,000                       –


           (iv) Advance from a non-controlling shareholder:
                Lianxu Qi:
                At beginning of the period                                                        8,500                      –
                Additions                                                                         8,800                  8,500
                Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control                           (17,300)                     –


                 At end of the period                                                                  –                 8,500




                                                                        Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                            77
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32   RELATED PARTY BALANCES/TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (c)      Major balances with related parties
                                                                                  As at          As at
                                                                               June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Audited)

              (i)   Trade receivables from related parties
                    Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                    696           1,107


              (ii) Prepayments and other receivables from related parties
                   Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                  35,427          35,326
                   EpicHust Technology                                          10,000          10,000
                   Wake Up                                                       1,438             237
                   Data Element                                                    789               –


                                                                                47,654          45,563


              (iii) Trade payables to related parties
                    Yijing Zhilian                                                 836             890
                    Data Element                                                    45             523
                    Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                    142             142


                                                                                 1,023           1,555


              (iv) Contract liabilities from related parties
                   Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                     348               –
                   EpicHust Technology                                              80              92
                   Beijing Ideal                                                    45               –


                                                                                   473              92




           Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
78         Interim Report 2025
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32   RELATED PARTY BALANCES/TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (d)   Key management personnel compensation
           The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other key management personnel is as follows:

                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

           Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                         6,266                 7,904
           Contributions to pension plans                                                        259                   309
           Other social security costs, housing benefits and
             other employee benefits                                                             381                   437


                                                                                               6,906                 8,650

33   EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
     (a)   On July 17, 2025 (before trading hours of the Stock Exchange), the Company entered into the subscription
           agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”) with Infini Global Master Fund (the “Subscriber”), pursuant to
           which the Subscriber has conditionally agreed to subscribe for (the “Subscription”), and the Company has
           conditionally agreed to allot and issue, a total of 25,900,000 new H Shares (the “Subscription Shares”) at
           the subscription price of HK$50.50 per Subscription Share for an aggregate consideration of approximately
           HK$1,307,950,000. On July 17, 2025 (before trading hours of the Stock Exchange), the Company entered
           into the placing agreement with the placing agent in respect of the Subscription, pursuant to which the
           placing agent has agreed to, among other things, assist in completing the transactions contemplated under
           the Subscription Agreement. The net proceeds from the Subscription will be approximately HK$1,306.18
           million. The Subscription has been completed on August 14, 2025. For details, please refer to the
           announcements of the Company dated July 17, 2025 and August 14, 2025.

     (b)   On July 27, 2025, the Company, through Fourth Paradigm International Limited (“4Paradigm International”),
           an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a joint venture agreement with 9M
           Technologies Limited (“9M Technologies”), in relation to, among other things, the formation of an entity,
           Para-tech Limited (the”Entity”). The Entity will be principally engaged in financial technology services. Upon
           its formation, the Entity will be owned by 51% and 49% by 4Paradigm International and 9M Technologies,
           respectively. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated July 28, 2025.

     (c)   On August 4, 2025, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement (the “Joint Venture Agreement”) with
           Beijing HyperStrong Technology Co., Ltd. (“HyperStrong”), in relation to, among other things, the formation
           of a joint venture (the “Joint Venture”). The proposed name of the Joint Venture is Energy Crystal (Beijing)
           Technology Co., Ltd. The Joint Venture will principally engage in artificial intelligence (AI) technology services
           for electricity trading. Upon its formation, the Joint Venture will be owned as to 19% by the Company. For
           details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated August 4, 2025.




                                                                     Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                         79
DEFINITIONS




In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings. These
expressions and their definitions may not correspond to any industry standard definitions, and may not be directly
comparable to similarly titled terms adopted by other companies operating in the same industries as the Company.

“associate(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”                the audit committee of the Board

“Beijing New Wisdom”             Beijing New Wisdom Pilot Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京新智領航管理諮詢有限公
                                 司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on April 9, 2020, owned as to 99.0%
                                 by Dr. Dai and 1.0% by his spouse, respectively, and one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Board” or “Board                the board of Directors
  of Directors”

“China” or “PRC”                 the People’s Republic of China, for the purpose of this report and for geographical reference
                                 only, excluding Hong Kong and Macao Special Administrative Regions and Taiwan

“Company”,                       Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd. (北京第四範式智能技術股份有限公司), a
  “the Company” or               company incorporated in the PRC limited liability on September 17, 2014 and converted
  “our Company”                  into a joint stock limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on July 9, 2021, whose
                                 predecessor was 北京第四範式智能技術有限公司

“Director(s)” or “our            the director(s) of the Company
  Director(s)”

“Domestic Share(s)”              domestic unlisted shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each in the ordinary share
                                 capital of the Company

“Dr. Dai”                        Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵), the chairman of the Board, an executive Director, chief executive
                                 officer and one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Employee Incentive              the employee incentive scheme of our Company approved and adopted by our Board
  Scheme”                        on April 25, 2021, a summary of the principal terms of which is set forth in “Statutory
                                 and General Information – Further information about our Directors, Supervisors, Senior
                                 Management and Substantial Shareholders – 5. Employee Incentive Scheme” in Appendix
                                 VI to the Prospectus. The Employee Incentive Scheme does not constitute a share scheme
                                 under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, and was carried out through the Employee Incentive
                                 Platforms, which did not involve the Company directly issuing new Shares of the Company
                                 or granting existing Shares to the participants. The Employee Incentive Platforms includes
                                 Paradigm Investment and Nanjing Paradigm, the beneficial interests of which are offered to
                                 certain key employees of our Company pursuant to the Employee Incentive Scheme

“Equity Incentive Scheme” the equity incentive scheme of the Company approved at the shareholders’ general meeting
                          on September 19, 2024




            Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
80          Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                          DEFINITIONS




“Global Offering”       the global offering of the H Shares in Hong Kong as described in the Prospectus

“Group,” “our Group,”   our Company and our subsidiaries (or our Company and any one or more of our
  “we” or “us”          subsidiaries, as the context may require)

“H Share(s)”            overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of
                        RMB1.00 each, which is/are to be subscribed for and traded in HK dollars and to be listed
                        on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“HK$” or “HKD”          Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong” or “HK”     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Stock        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  Exchange” or
  “Stock Exchange”

“HongShan”              a reference to the HongShan funds and entities that are engaged in activities related to
                        investing and are principally focused on companies located in, or with connections to, the
                        PRC

“IFRS”                  the International Financial Reporting Standards, which include standards, amendments
                        and interpretations promulgated by International Accounting Standards Board and
                        the International Accounting Standards and interpretations issued by the International
                        Accounting Standards Committee

“Listing”               listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”          September 28, 2023, on which our H Shares are listed and from which dealings therein are
                        permitted to take place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules” or      the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, as
  “Hong Kong            amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
  Listing Rules”

“Main Board”            the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Hong Kong Stock
                        Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with Growth Enterprise
                        Market of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Nanjing Paradigm”      Nanjing Paradigm Enterprises Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南
                        京範式企業管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                        December 29, 2022, of which Paradigm New Wisdom is the sole general partner

“Paradigm Chuqi”        Tianjin Paradigm Chuqi Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津範
                        式出奇管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on April
                        21, 2021, of which Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner, and it is one of our
                        Controlling Shareholders which is interested in more than one third of limited partnership
                        interest in Paradigm Investment



                                                               Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                  81
DEFINITIONS




“Paradigm Investment”         Paradigm (Tianjin) Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (範式（天津）
                              管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), previously known as Paradigm (Ningbo Free Trade Zone)
                              Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (範式（寧波保稅區）投資合夥企業（有限合
                              夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on March 29, 2018, of which Beijing New
                              Wisdom is the sole general partner, and it is one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Paradigm New Wisdom”         Beijing Paradigm New Wisdom Enterprises Management Co., Ltd. (北京範式新智企業管
                              理有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on January 12, 2023, being
                              the sole general partner of Nanjing Paradigm and owned as to 100% by Mr. Yu Hui (俞暉),
                              an Independent Third Party

“Paradigm Yinyuan”            Tianjin Paradigm Yinyuan Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津
                              範式隱元管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                              April 21, 2021 of which Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner, and one of our
                              Controlling Shareholders

“Placing”                     the conditional placing of the Placing Shares by the Placing Agents on the terms and
                              subject to the conditions set out in the Placing Agreement

“Placing Agent(s)”            China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited and Huatai Financial
                              Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited

“Placing Agreement”           the conditional placing agreement dated February 7, 2025 entered into between the
                              Company and the Placing Agents in relation to the Placing under the General Mandate

“Placing Share(s)”            27,920,000 new H Shares issued and allotted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
                              Placing Agreement

“Prospectus”                  the prospectus dated September 18, 2023 issued by the Company in connection with
                              Hong Kong public offering under the Global Offering

“Reporting Period”            Six months ended June 30, 2025

“RMB” or “Renminbi”           Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Securities and               Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
  Futures Ordinance”          supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
  or “SFO”

“Share(s)”                    ordinary share(s) in the capital of our Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each

“Share Option Scheme”         the share option scheme of the Company approved at the shareholders’ general meeting
                              on September 19, 2024

“subsidiary(ies)”             has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules




         Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
82       Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                  DEFINITIONS




“substantial                   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules
  shareholder(s)”

“Supervisor(s)”                member(s) of the Supervisory Committee of the Company

“U.S.” or “United States”      the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
                               jurisdiction

“U.S. dollar”, “US$” or        United States dollar, the lawful currency of the United States
  “USD”

“%”                            Per cent.

For ease of reference, the names of Chinese laws and regulations, governmental authorities, institutions, natural persons or
other entities (including our subsidiary) have been included in this report in both the Chinese and English languages and in
the event of any inconsistency, the Chinese versions shall prevail.

Any difference between the arithmetical sum of individual figures and the aggregated figures in the tables in the report is
due to rounding.




                                                                       Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                          83
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS




“AI”                           artificial intelligence, simulation of human intelligence by machines

“AIGS”                         AI-Generated Software

“AIOT”                         artificial intelligence of things, the combination of the connectivity from the IOT with data-
                               driven knowledge obtained from AI

“algorithm”                    a procedure of formula for solving a problem, based on conducting a sequence of specified
                               actions

“cloud”                        the computers and connections that support cloud computing

“cloud computing”              the practice of storing computer data and programs on multiple servers that can be
                               accessed through the internet

“enterprise AI”                AI technologies and software applied by enterprises to address their business needs and
                               drive their digital and automation transformation

“IDC”                          International Data Corporation

“IOT”                          Internet of Things

“IT”                           information technology

“machine learning”             the scientific study of algorithms and statistical models that computer systems use to
                               effectively perform specific tasks without being explicitly programmed to do so

“platform-centric”             a type of AI solutions that come with an AI development platform in addition to AI
                               applications and underlying computing infrastructure

“R&D”                          research and development




          Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.
84        Interim Report 2025
