Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
範式智能技術集團股份有限公司




2025
ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS

2     Corporate Information

4     Financial Highlights

5     Chairman’s Statement

14    Management Discussion and Analysis

23    Directors and Senior Management

29    Directors’ Report

59    Corporate Governance Report

78    Independent Auditor’s Report

84    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

86    Consolidated Balance Sheet

88    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

90    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

92    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

171   Definitions

174   Glossary of Technical Terms
CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
Executive Directors                                         Room 303, 3/F
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵)                                       Block A, Heying Center, Building 1, No. 10
  (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and General Manager)   Xiaoying West Road
Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強) (Chief Research Scientist)           Haidian District, Beijing
Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝)                                       the PRC
  (Vice Chairman and Senior Vice President)
                                                            HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
Non-executive Directors                                     OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                         Block A, Hongyuan New Era
Mr. Dou Shuai (竇帥)                                          Shangdi West Road
Mr. Zhang Jing (張晶)                                         Haidian District, Beijing
                                                            the PRC
Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)
                                                            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)
                                                            HONG KONG
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)                                           Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
Mr. Liu Zhuzhan (劉助展)(1)                                    33 Hysan Avenue
Mr. Pan Jialin (潘嘉林)(2)                                     Causeway Bay,
                                                            Hong Kong
Employee Representative Director
Mr. Chai Yifei (柴亦飛)(3)                                     H SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                            Tricor Investor Services Limited
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                             17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱) (Chairman)                             16 Harcourt Road
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                        Hong Kong
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)
                                                            AUDITOR
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                      Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂) (Chairlady)                               (formerly known as CL Partners CPA Limited)
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                         Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)                                        Unit 4301-7, 43/F
                                                            COSCO Tower
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                        183 Queen’s Road Central
                                                            Hong Kong
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵) (Chairman)
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                        HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)(4)
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)(4)                                        Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
                                                            Suites 3203-3209, 32/F
                                                            Edinburgh Tower
                                                            The Landmark
                                                            15 Queen’s Road Central
                                                            Central
                                                            Hong Kong




2         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      CORPORATE INFORMATION




AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝)
Ms. Yeung Siu Wai Kitty (楊小慧)

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Peng Jun (彭駿)(5)
Ms. Yeung Siu Wai Kitty (楊小慧)

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
China Merchants Bank, Haidian Branch
No. 56, North 4th Ring Road West
Beijing, the PRC

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Haidian West District Branch
No. 65, North 4th Ring Road West
Beijing, the PRC

STOCK CODE
6682

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.4paradigm.com

Notes:

(1)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan was appointed as
         an independent non-executive Director. With effect from December
         19, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan resigned as an independent non-
         executive Director.

(2)      With effect from December 19, 2025, Mr. Pan Jialin was appointed
         as an independent non-executive Director.

(3)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Chai Yifei was appointed as
         an employee representative Director.

(4)      With effect from March 31, 2025, Mr. Li Jianbin ceased to be
         a member of the Nomination Committee, and Ms. Ke Yele was
         appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee.

(5)      With effect from January 21, 2025, Mr. Peng Jun was appointed
         as the joint company secretary of the Company. With effect from
         January 26, 2026, Mr. Peng Jun tendered his resignation as the
         joint company secretary of the Company.




                                                                            Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025   3
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR THE YEAR
                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                          Amount          Amount          Year-on-year change
                                                                        (RMB’000)      (RMB’000)

Revenue                                                                  7,135,286           5,260,650                  35.6%
Gross profit                                                             2,483,436           2,244,829                  10.6%

Non-IFRS measures:

Adjusted net profit/(loss)                                                    6,330           (292,470)    Turnaround to profit
Adjusted net profit/(loss) attributable to
  owners of the Company                                                     17,842            (264,991)    Turnaround to profit

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR FIVE YEARS
                                                            Year ended December 31,/As at December 31,
                                                         2021        2022        2023         2024        2025
                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

Revenue                                               2,018,399        3,082,637      4,204,142    5,260,650       7,135,286
Gross profit                                            953,475        1,486,646      1,979,548    2,244,829       2,483,436
Operating loss                                       (1,172,806)      (1,025,902)      (545,434)    (355,082)       (133,469)
Loss before income tax                               (1,791,699)      (1,665,094)      (930,829)    (290,088)        (39,770)

Loss for the year                                    (1,802,068)      (1,653,421)      (920,569)     (296,267)       (37,778)

Loss for the year attributable to
  owners of the parent                               (1,785,655)      (1,644,897)      (908,717)     (268,788)       (26,266)

Assets
Non-current assets                                   1,352,969        1,800,817       1,490,748    1,897,380       2,324,031
Current assets                                       5,095,715        4,918,167       5,656,526    5,690,265       6,968,798

Total assets                                         6,448,684        6,718,984       7,147,274    7,587,645       9,292,829

Equity and liabilities
Equity attributable to owners of the Company              (351,021)   (1,574,712)     5,349,122    5,062,119       7,525,557
Non-controlling interests                                  103,008       113,701        103,392        8,769         (21,854)

(Deficit on total equity)/total equity                    (248,013)   (1,461,011)     5,452,514    5,070,888       7,503,703

Non-current liabilities                              5,939,764        6,628,886          51,610       19,252         203,603
Current liabilities                                    756,933        1,551,109       1,643,150    2,497,505       1,585,523

Total liabilities                                    6,696,697        8,179,995       1,694,760    2,516,757       1,789,126

Total equity and liabilities                         6,448,684        6,718,984       7,147,274    7,587,645       9,292,829




4           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Dear Shareholders,


BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
Overall Performance
In 2025, the Company delivered an encouraging set of results. Building on its first-ever achievement of adjusted net
profitability, its operating revenue continued to experience rapid growth, reaching a record high.

In terms of revenue, our total revenue for the full year reached RMB7.135 billion, a year-on-year increase of 35.6%.
This growth rate was significantly higher than the industry average and that of the same period last year, achieving a re-
acceleration of revenue growth. This growth reflects the comprehensive and vigorous development across all of the
Company’s business lines, while benefiting from the continuous promotion of the national “AI+” action policy and the
strong release of demand for domestic substitution.

In terms of profitability, the adjusted net profit attributable to the parent company reached RMB17.84 million, and the
Company successfully achieved full-year profitability. This is an important turning point — it signifies that Phancy has
entered a new cycle of parallel revenue growth and profitability improvement. Looking back over the past few years, the
trend in profitability improvement has been unmistakable: losses narrowed significantly from 2022 to 2024, followed by the
Company’s first full-year profit in 2025.

In terms of customers, we have a total of over 1,000 contracted clients with deep penetration across more than 20 high-
value industries such as energy, manufacturing, finance, retail and telecommunications, with a broad and solid customer
base. As at the date of this report, the Company’s orders on hand amounted to over RMB8.9 billion.

In respect of market position, according to the latest report from IDC, Phancy has ranked first in China’s machine learning
platform market share for seven consecutive years, representing the best testament from the industry to our technological
strength and product competitiveness.

In terms of business structure, we have formally established the “three engines” that drive the Company’s growth. This
is not only a reclassification in our financial statements but also a deep reflection on our commercialization path in the
AI 2.0 era. The AI Platform, as the core PaaS driver, contributed RMB6.552 billion in revenue in 2025, a year-on-year
increase of 32.0%, accounting for 91.8% of the Group’s total revenue and serving as the core pillar of the Company’s
revenue growth; the API business, empowered by Token, is the fastest-growing engine, with revenue reaching RMB79.9
million, an explosive year-on-year growth of 129.2%; the Agentic AI business, centered on a “result-as-a-service” model,
achieved revenue of RMB503 million, a year-on-year increase of 93.2%, demonstrating strong growth momentum and
the sustainable development of its business model. The three major segments, each with its own focus and mutually
empowering, have jointly built a new multi-driver growth structure for Phancy.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




I.   AI Platform (PaaS, the Core Growth Driver)
     Core Products: Centred on the Sage Platform, the platform encompasses a full-stack, end-to-end product matrix,
     including PhanthyCloud, HAMi vGPU, ModelHub XC, SageAIOS, Sage Ontology, SageSHIFT, and SageAIGS.
     This integrated matrix spans the entire AI process from model development and deployment to computing power
     support, serving as the cornerstone of the Company’s business development. Notably, the platform has maintained
     the largest market share in China’s machine learning platform sector for seven consecutive years.

     Business Progress and Performance: Benefiting from the continued strong demand for domestic substitution
     and the implementation of the “AI+” initiative in China, this segment has emerged as a key pillar of the Company’s
     revenue growth, accounting for most of the incremental revenue. In 2025, this business segment recorded revenue
     of RMB6.552 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 32.0% and accounting for 91.8% of the Group’s
     total revenue. This growth accelerated the Company’s overall performance, enabling it to achieve single-quarter
     profitability for the first time in the third quarter of 2025. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to
     drive the iterative enhancement of its products and technologies, with a particular focus on three core offerings:
     ModelHub XC, HAMi vGPU, and PhanthyCloud. Key developments are detailed as follows:

     ModelHub XC: ModelHub XC was officially launched on September 22, 2025 as a core platform for the adaptation
     and management of information technology application innovation (ITAI, China’s initiative to build an independent
     and controllable IT ecosystem) models. Its introduction also marked the launch of the ITAI community, ITAI
     models, and a suite of associated value-added services. ModelHub XC has now grown into the largest ITAI
     model community in China, effectively addressing key industry bottlenecks within the domestic computing power
     ecosystem, such as the need for separate adaptation of different models, time-intensive processes, and repetitive
     manual tasks. The product is powered by EngineX, an AI engine system specifically adapted for ITAI computing
     power. By adapting to the underlying algorithm architecture, it supports batch model processing and significantly
     enhances the efficiency of model adaptation. Leveraging the batch adaptation capabilities of EngineX, ModelHub
     XC has continuously accelerated model adaptation processes. The number of adapted and certified models has
     now surpassed 30,000, far exceeding initial projections. The product supports a broad spectrum of tasks such as
     text generation, visual understanding, and multi-modal Q&A, and encompasses mainstream model series such as
     MiniMax, Qwen, Hunyuan, GLM, Deepseek, Kimi, and Open Sora. The Company has initially planned to scale the
     number of adapted models to the hundred-thousand level within a year, a milestone it has already achieved ahead
     of schedule. Looking ahead, the Company will continue to accelerate model adaptation, with the ultimate goal of
     expanding the ITAI computing community to a scale comparable with that of HuggingFace. In terms of hardware
     adaptation, ModelHub XC is fully compatible with mainstream domestic computing platforms, including Huawei
     Ascend, Cambricon, Iluvatar CoreX, Kunlunxin, MetaX, and Sunrise. In the future, the Company intends to further
     extend compatibility to encompass all mainstream ITAI computing platforms. In addition, the product offers a special
     value-added service for ITAI model adaptation. For users unfamiliar with the landscape of domestic computing
     power compatibility or requiring specific models to be adapted to designated domestic computing platforms, the
     service provides guaranteed adaptation. This ensures that clients using the service encounter no models that cannot
     be deployed, effectively addressing their practical application challenges. Meanwhile, ModelHub XC is closely
     integrated with PhanthyCloud, achieving seamless connection among model management, XC adaptation, and
     cloud services. Through PhanthyCloud, clients can readily access over 30,000 adapted models to rapidly deploy AI
     applications, further strengthening the integrated service capabilities across cloud, models, and computing power.




6       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




HAMi vGPU: As the Company’s core product for GPU resource management, HAMi vGPU continuously upgrades
its technological capabilities by leveraging HAMi-Core, a heterogeneous computing power virtualisation community
initiated by Phancy and currently recognised as the most influential globally. In October 2025, HAMi vGPU achieved
deep adaptation with Kubernetes Dynamic Resource Allocation (DRA) and launched the GPU DRA Driver, enabling
integrated and fine-grained scheduling of GPU computing power and VRAM, and elevating cloud-native computing
power management to a new level. The product effectively addresses the challenges of underutilisation and
wasted GPU resources due to exclusive usage in traditional GPU deployments. It allows GPUs to be flexibly shared
and scheduled like CPUs, supports parallel execution of multiple tasks on the same GPU node, and upgrades
task allocation from a serial to a parallel scheduling approach. This significantly reduces task waiting time and
enhances overall cluster throughput efficiency. In terms of resource application, HAMi vGPU supports the flexible
selection of GPU configurations according to actual business needs, moving from fixed packages to customisable
combinations. It enables fine-grained partitioning and pooling at the kernel level of down to 1% of computing power
and MB-level VRAM, thereby enhancing resource utilisation. In addition, launched in September 2025, the Virtual
VRAM Expansion Card further extends the capabilities of HAMi vGPU by innovatively introducing extended VRAM
technology. When used with HAMi vGPU, it can expand a single GPU’s VRAM to 256GB (equivalent to ten RTX
4090 cards), overcoming traditional VRAM limitations without the need for hardware replacement. This innovation
effectively removes hardware bottlenecks for large-scale AI tasks and meets high-performance computing demands
of large model training and inference. The product is fully integrated with PhanthyCloud, creating seamless synergy
with cloud services and ModelHub XC. Core capabilities, including GPU dynamic scheduling and VRAM expansion,
are made accessible to customers via PhanthyCloud, enabling flexible, cloud-based invocation of computing
resources. This approach not only reduces computing costs and operational workloads for customers but also
enhances the integrated service capabilities of PhanthyCloud.

PhanthyCloud: As the core cloud service platform of the Company’s full-stack AI PaaS matrix, PhanthyCloud
works in close synergy with the Sage Platform and other key products to build an integrated service system across
cloud, computing power, and AI capabilities, providing customers with convenient and efficient AI cloud service
support. PhanthyCloud is now fully integrated with ModelHub XC and HAMi vGPU, enabling core capabilities such as
ITAI model adaptation and GPU dynamic scheduling to be delivered as cloud services. This integration streamlines
customers’ deployment processes and reduces their hardware investment in AI deployment. Meanwhile, leveraging
the Company’s strong presence in the domestic computing power sector, PhanthyCloud is fully compatible with
a wide range of mainstream domestic chips. It can provide secure, compliant, and fully controllable cloud services
to core clients such as central and state-owned enterprises and financial institutions, precisely meeting their needs
for transitioning to locally produced alternatives. In addition, PhanthyCloud is closely integrated with the Token
business, enabling the cross-product utilisation of the Token-based payment mode. Clients can use Tokens
to access cloud services, model resources, and computing power on demand, further enhancing flexibility and
payment engagement, while supporting the large-scale growth of the Company’s cloud service business.

Core Value: The Company aims to build an end-to-end, full-stack business system, foster deep synergy between
the computing power business and the Sage Platform, provide customers with integrated services combining
computing power and AI capabilities, and streamline the AI deployment process for customers, thereby lowering
technical barriers. At the same time, through technological innovation and adaptation to domestic computing power,
it supports the fully controllable development of domestic AI infrastructure, enabling enterprises to advance their AI-
powered digital transformation.




                                                                  Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025        7
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




      Core Strengths and Business Structure:

      •      The Company leads in hardware compatibility, supporting a full range of mainstream domestic chips,
             including Huawei Ascend, Cambricon, Iluvatar CoreX, Kunlunxin, MetaX, and Sunrise. The number of
             adapted and certified models on the platform currently exceeds 30,000, with plans to scale this to the
             hundred-thousand level within six months, and, ultimately, to cover all mainstream ITAI computing platforms
             on the market.

      •      The Company is committed to building a fully controllable AI infrastructure adaptation system. HAMi-Core,
             a heterogeneous computing power virtualisation community initiated by Phancy and currently recognised as
             the most influential globally, has been fully integrated with DRA to upgrade cloud-native computing power
             management. This ensures business security and compliance, while aligning with domestic ITAI policy
             directives.

      •      The Company precisely addresses the needs of core clients such as central and state-owned enterprises
             and financial institutions, seeking to transition from imported products to locally produced alternatives.
             These clients represent a high-quality base with stable demand. At the same time, the Company continues
             to expand its client portfolio, securing new business across key industries such as energy, manufacturing,
             finance, and retail.

II.   API Business (Pay-as-you-go, the Fastest-growing Driver)
      Core Products: With Phanthy as the core platform, complemented by PhanRouter and PhanClaw, the Company
      has established a comprehensive Token-based payment ecosystem. Each of the three products plays a distinct
      role, while operating in synergy. Leveraging the technological capabilities of the Sage Platform, they enable
      seamless integration between Tokens and core products, facilitating scenario-based monetisation. These products
      are detailed as follows:

      Phanthy: Serving as the core platform of the Token-based payment ecosystem, Phanthy has evolved from
      a paradigm model development platform. While primarily focused on B-end Token-based payments, it also
      accommodates C-end operations, acting as the central hub linking the Company’s AI infrastructure, model
      resources, and customer requirements. The platform is dedicated to scenario-based deployment and monetisation
      of enterprise-level large model applications, with services gradually being extended to C-end users. The platform is
      closely integrated with PhanthyCloud’s cloud services, over 30,000 adapted models available through ModelHub
      XC, and a wide range of industry-specific vertical models accumulated over years of development on the paradigm
      platform, forming a comprehensive ecosystem of model resources. It also provides a full suite of API capabilities,
      supporting enterprise clients, consumer electronics devices, and developers to quickly integrate model and
      computing resources, thereby lowering the barrier to AI application development. At present, the platform reaches
      over 100 million consumer electronics devices. Supported by the on-device AI Agent module technology from
      Phancy, the Company’s paradigm consumer electronics business brand, Phanthy’s API capabilities have been
      widely applied across the terminal products of partner manufacturers, including Lenovo, Acer, and Konka. These
      applications span a range of consumer electronics categories, such as smartwatches and AI-enabled smart glasses,
      achieving the large-scale deployment of AI capabilities. The platform’s core functions include model selection,
      computing power scheduling, Token top-up and consumption management, as well as usage data statistics. In
      addition, Phanthy continues to broaden its range of application scenarios and, in conjunction with the industry
      solutions offered by the Agentic AI business, extends the Token-based payment mode to AI use scenarios across
      various industries, thereby promoting the large-scale expansion of the Token-based payment ecosystem.




8         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




PhanRouter: As a unified API gateway for large models, PhanRouter is closely integrated with PhanthyCloud
and serves as the primary channel for model invocation in the Token ecosystem. It is designed to address key
industry challenges, including fragmented access to multiple models, complex operations and maintenance, and
difficulties in cost control for enterprises. The product is fully compatible with the OpenAI interface standard and
has achieved coverage of dozens of mainstream large model providers. It is also interoperable with products like
the Phanthy world-level model and PhanClaw, creating a full-chain synergy from model invocation to computing
power scheduling. In respect of adaptation to locally developed products, PhanRouter is closely integrated with
PhanthyCloud’s computing power scheduling capabilities and is fully compatible with ModelHub XC’s domestic
computing power adaptation system. It supports all mainstream domestic chips such as Huawei Ascend,
Moore Threads, Iluvatar CoreX, Hygon, and Kunlunxin, and provides access to over 30,000 adapted models,
ensuring alignment with domestic ITAI policy directives. In addition, the product supports private and independent
deployment and can run independently within an enterprise’s intranet environment to safeguard the security and
compliance of core business data. It also provides refined cost control functions, including transparent usage
tracking, intelligent scheduling, and quota alerts. Through the Token-based payment mode, clients can invoke
services on demand, further reducing model invocation costs and operational complexity. The product is now
officially available on PhanthyCloud, where clients can activate related services as required using Tokens.

PhanClaw: As the core product for security and permission control within the Token ecosystem, PhanClaw works in
close coordination with Phanthy and PhanRouter. It undertakes critical functions, such as Token security verification,
permission management, invocation auditing, and risk control, ensuring the stable and compliant operation of
the Token-based payment ecosystem. The product enables lifecycle management of Tokens, encompassing
generation, distribution, utilisation, and expiry or recycling. It provides precise verification of the legitimacy and
permission scope of each Token invocation, preventing security risks such as Token abuse and theft. At the same
time, PhanClaw supports customised permission allocation, enabling differentiated Token usage rights and quotas
to be assigned across departments and roles in line with the client’s organisational structure and business needs,
thereby achieving refined permission management. It also provides a call log auditing function, recording Token
invocation details in real time. This enables clients to trace usage records and conduct efficient troubleshooting,
meeting the stringent security and compliance requirements of industries, such as finance and government affairs.
Furthermore, PhanClaw is fully integrated with PhanRouter, enabling security verification for every model invocation
routed through the gateway. In conjunction with Phanthy, it supports real-time synchronisation of Token quotas,
ensuring compliant and controllable Token usage. This further enhances the full-chain Token service framework,
combining platform and gateway control.




                                                                 Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025        9
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     Monetisation Mode and Business Progress: PhanClaw adopts a pay-as-you-go, Token-based payment
     mode, focusing on key application scenarios such as AI model invocation, model adaptation, data interaction, and
     intelligent decision-making to drive scenario-based monetisation. This approach closely aligns with clients’ on-
     demand usage requirements. Driven by the rapid rollout of OpenClaw, PhanClaw, serving as the security core of
     the Company’s Token ecosystem, has further strengthened the security control framework for intelligent agent
     invocations. The large-scale adoption of AI agents is, in turn, fuelling exponential growth in Token consumption.
     Unlike the bursty, one-off Token consumption patterns associated with traditional single-turn AI query interactions,
     intelligent agents are capable of autonomously executing multi-step, closed-loop tasks. As a result, Token usage per
     task has increased markedly from the hundreds to the millions, significantly accelerating overall Token demand. On
     this basis, the Company remains confident that the intelligent agent-driven Token business will experience explosive
     growth in the future. It will continue to deepen the synergy between intelligent agents and the Token ecosystem,
     leveraging core products such as Phanthy and PhanRouter to further expand application scenarios of intelligent
     agents. This approach will support the wider adoption of the Token-based payment mode in more industries, drive
     large-scale expansion of the Token business, and reinforce its position as the fastest-growing segment, providing
     sustained momentum for the Company’s overall performance. In 2025, this business segment recorded revenue
     of RMB80 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 129.2% and accounting for 1.1% of the Group’s total
     revenue.

     Core Value: By leveraging a flexible payment mode, the Token business reduces clients’ upfront investment costs,
     enhancing their willingness to adopt and their payment engagement. At the same time, it enables cross-product
     reuse of Tokens, fostering synergy across multiple business segments. This approach brings sustained and stable
     revenue streams for the Company and supports its continued performance growth.

     Core Strengths:

     •      Combined with tailored Token packages, the flexible pay-as-you-go mode meets enterprise clients’ needs
            for on-demand investment and effective cost control, thereby enhancing their willingness to adopt and
            increasing payment frequency.

     •      Tokens can be used across the Company’s core products, such as the Sage Platform and ModelHub
            XC, enabling multi-product synergy and enhancing Token reusability. This, in turn, promotes collaborative
            development across various business segments, and maximises customer value.

     •      The flexible payment mode and cross-product versatility effectively enhance clients’ payment engagement.
            Coupled with the ongoing incremental demand from the Company’s key clients, this drives sustained
            consumption and provides a stable foundation for the continued growth of the Token business.




10       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




III.   Agentic AI Business (Result-as-a-Service)
       Business Positioning and Progress: Focusing on high-value industries and closely following the “AI+” national
       policy for high-quality energy development, the Company has prioritised promoting a result-as-a-service (RaaS)
       cooperation mode. This mode is being actively scaled across multiple industries and demonstrates a high level
       of replicability. Once an industry-specific use case, like electricity trading within the energy sector, has been
       successfully established, the corresponding AI solution, service pattern, and technical architecture can be quickly
       replicated across other similar scenarios and clients in the same industry, without the need for substantial additional
       R&D investment. Subsequent replications generate significant economies of scale, greatly enhancing the efficiency
       of business expansion, reducing operational costs, and further extending the Company’s business reach. At the
       same time, leveraging the Company’s full-stack AI capabilities, the RaaS mode can be quickly tailored to the
       personalised needs of different industries. This enables rapid replication from a single use case to multiple scenarios
       and from one industry to many, thereby driving the large-scale growth of the Agentic AI business. In 2025, this
       business segment recorded revenue of RMB503 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 93.2% and
       accounting for 7.1% of the Group’s total revenue.

       Key Developments in Electricity Trading: Focusing on the two core scenarios of spot electricity trading and
       medium- to long-term electricity trading, the Company has developed a full-chain AI solution for electricity trading
       encompassing forecasting, decision-making, risk control, and post-trading review. This solution enables energy
       enterprises to improve trading efficiency, reduce operating costs, and mitigate market risks. It has been implemented
       in several pilot provinces for spot electricity trading and has gained recognition from key industry clients. Leveraging
       this solution, the Company has achieved significant business revenue growth across three sub-sectors: wind power,
       photovoltaic power, and energy storage. In the wind and photovoltaic power segments, accurate output forecasting
       and optimised trading strategies have enabled clients to increase electricity generation revenue and reduce deviation
       assessment costs. In the energy storage segment, AI-driven optimisation of charging and discharging strategies,
       integrated with electricity trading, has significantly enhanced the operational efficiency and profitability of energy
       storage stations. Overall, the Company has realised synergistic efficiency gains and sustained revenue growth
       across these three sub-sectors. At the same time, the Company has entered into an agreement with HyperStrong to
       jointly establish a joint venture. Relying on HyperStrong’s technological practice in R&D, production, and full-lifecycle
       management of energy storage systems, together with the Company’s leading capabilities in AI agents, machine
       learning platforms, and smart energy, the partnership will advance the application of AI-enabled electricity trading
       in energy storage projects, drive the comprehensive deployment of AI technologies in the energy storage field, and
       facilitate the intelligent upgrade of energy storage systems throughout their entire lifecycle.

       Core Value: As the foundational contributor to the Company’s revenue base, this business segment operates
       stably. Through the widespread expansion of the RaaS mode across industries such as energy, manufacturing,
       and finance, it provides sustained and long-term support for the Company’s revenue growth, ensuring the overall
       stability of the Company’s performance. At the same time, through its deep industry presence and tailored services
       across multiple industries, the business segment supports the Company in consolidating its industry position,
       further tapping into the value of clients from various sectors, and fostering synergies with the AI Platform and API
       businesses. This, in turn, promotes the high-quality development of the Company’s overall operations.




                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       11
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     Core Strengths and Business Performance:

     •      Drawing on the Company’s extensive experience accumulated over more than a decade in the AI field across
            over 20 industries, this business segment is well positioned to accurately identify the challenges faced by
            different sectors in their digital transformation journeys. It continues to explore and expand the opportunities
            presented by the RaaS mode. At the same time, this mode demonstrates a high level of replicability. Once an
            industry-specific use case, like electricity trading within the energy sector, has been successfully established,
            the corresponding technology, solution, and service pattern can be quickly replicated across other similar
            scenarios and clients in the same industry, without the need for substantial additional R&D investment.
            Subsequent replications generate significant economies of scale, further reducing service costs, boosting
            profitability efficiency, and enabling rapid business expansion. Furthermore, following implementation, the
            business achieves a high degree of client integration and strong customer retention. Through the consistent
            delivery of long-term services and demonstrable value, the Company establishes trusted, enduring
            partnerships with its clients. This deep level of engagement strengthens client relationships, enhances
            retention, and drives higher rates of repeat business.

     Strategic Outlook:

     Looking ahead to 2026, the Company’s business will continue to be driven by the “three engines” of AI platform
     business, API business, and Agentic AI business. The AI platform business serves as the cornerstone and driver for
     the Company’s growth. Building on this foundation, the API and Agentic AI businesses are poised for even more
     robust development.

     The API business is an explosively growing traffic hub — our youngest yet most resilient segment. With surging
     demand for computing power and models driven by phenomenal applications such as OpenClaw, the API business
     is experiencing exponential growth. An illustrative data point is that Token revenue for the first quarter of 2026 alone
     has already surpassed the full-year total for 2025.

     The Agentic AI business acts as the Company’s “value multiplier” for empowering a wide range of industries. If the
     AI Platform is the foundation and the API is the reach, then Agentic AI is our “spearhead” for deeply addressing
     industry pain points. By building AI Agents with autonomous capabilities, we deliver business outcomes directly to
     clients, rather than merely providing tools. This year, this business will further penetrate clients’ core business areas,
     helping the Company evolve into an indispensable “digital productivity partner” for its enterprise clients.

     A closed loop featuring “stable growth + resilient explosive growth + deep empowerment” will be further established
     and enhanced. With this new framework, the Company will continue to create long-term value for its Shareholders.




12       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
The Board places great importance on corporate sustainable development capabilities. It firmly believes that a robust ESG
management system serves as the important foundation for effectively fulfilling environmental and social responsibilities.
The Group has integrated sustainable development principles into its corporate strategy. The Group continuously reviews
the progress of ESG initiatives and evaluates their effectiveness, while continuously strengthening sustainability risk
management to address business demand adjustments arising from climate change, technological advancements, and
changes in operating costs. The Group also continuously enhances its employees’ awareness of ESG practices in strategy
and operations through various means. To better manage the Group’s ESG performance, identify potential risks, and
support the Board in deepening ESG governance, the Group has established a top-down governance structure comprising
the Board, an ESG Working Group, and business departments, thereby continuously advancing the implementation of
ESG-related initiatives.

Phancy is keenly aware of the significant role of AI technology in promoting a low-carbon social transformation and
sustainable development. Leveraging our leading AI technologies, products, and services, we are committed to assisting
carbon-intensive enterprises in achieving their green transformation within sectors, such as energy, manufacturing, and
transportation. Building on this foundation, the Group actively fulfills its social responsibilities by continuously investing
financial, human, and material resources in areas such as public safety, culture and education, and environmental
protection, thereby serving the needs of society and the public. At the same time, the Group remains focused on its core
business. By leveraging technology to support community development, promote fairness and inclusiveness, it strives to
advance the application of AI technologies in a wider range of public scenarios, giving back to society through concrete
actions.

During the Reporting Period, facing the challenges brought by the summer flood season, Phancy collaborated with water
conservancy agencies to develop a “Smart Flood Control Large Model”. Powered by AI to predict the evolution paths
of flood disasters, the model enables precise dispatching of flood control resources. This project promotes the digital
upgrading of public safety governance, while ensuring regional socio-economic stability and ecological security, highlighting
the inclusive value of technology. Meanwhile, in response to the extreme heavy rainfall from severe convective weather
and the resulting floods and landslide disasters in parts of Beijing, the Group took swift action. It donated RMB2 million to
the disaster-stricken areas to support emergency rescue efforts, the provision of essential supplies for affected residents,
and the restoration of post-disaster infrastructure—addressing urgent needs and helping local communities overcome
hardships and rebuild their homes.

In addition, Phancy received the “ESG Sustainable Development Excellence Enterprise Award” at the 2025 Jinge Award
for its innovative AI applications in ecological protection and disaster prevention. In the future, the Group will coordinate
supply chain management and strengthen industry technology exchanges and collaboration. Through these efforts, it aims
to advance responsible AI and jointly promote the high-quality development of the AI industry. The Group will continue to
integrate ESG principles into the entire process of technology R&D and business implementation. It will explore pathways
for AI for Good in more sectors, leverage AI to address social pain points, and truly achieve the vision of AI for everyone.




                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL REVIEW
In 2025, the Company’s total revenue amounted to RMB7,135.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.6%.
Gross profit was RMB2,483.4 million, with a gross profit margin of 34.8%. With clear profitability goals, the loss for the year
attributable to owners of the parent was RMB26.3 million, with a loss reduction of RMB242.5 million compared to the full
year of 2024, narrowing by 90.2% year-on-year. The adjusted net profit for the year was RMB6.3 million, compared with
an adjusted net loss of RMB292.5 million for 2024, achieving a turnaround from loss to profit.

According to the latest report from the internationally authoritative research firm IDC, the Company has maintained its
position as the leader in China’s machine learning platform market share for seven consecutive years.

Revenue
As a steadily growing and developing AI software company, Phancy has further expanded its industry influence and
business presence through our robust technological expertise and domain application experience. The Company
has currently established three core business segments: AI Platform, API business and Agentic AI business. During
the Reporting Period, our total revenue amounted to RMB7,135.3 million (same period in 2024: RMB5,260.7 million),
representing a year-on-year increase of 35.6%, mainly due to substantial revenue growth from AI platform. For the year
ended December 31, 2025, revenue from AI platform amounted to RMB6,552.2 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 32.0% and accounting for 91.8% of our total revenue. Revenue from API business amounted to RMB79.9
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 129.2% and accounting for 1.1% of our total revenue. Revenue from
Agentic AI business amounted to RMB503.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 93.2% and accounting for
7.1% of our total revenue. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue by business segment for the periods
indicated.

                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                          2025                  2024                 Change
                                                                RMB in millions         RMB in millions

AI Platform                                                               6,552.2               4,965.4               32.0%
API business                                                                 79.9                  34.9              129.2%
Agentic AI business                                                         503.2                 260.4               93.2%


Total                                                                     7,135.3               5,260.7               35.6%

AI Platform
During the Reporting Period, revenue from AI Platform amounted to RMB6,552.2 million (same period in 2024:
RMB4,965.4 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 32.0%, mainly due to the increasing demand in the overall
AI market and the empowerment of our products through the Company’s large model and generative AI capabilities. The
proportion of revenue from AI platform to total revenue decreased from 94.4% for the year ended December 31, 2024 to
91.8% for the year ended December 31, 2025.

API Business
During the Reporting Period, revenue from API business amounted to RMB79.9 million (same period in 2024: RMB34.9
million), representing a year-on-year increase of 129.2%. The proportion of revenue from API business to total revenue
increased from 0.7% for the year ended December 31, 2024 to 1.1% for the year ended December 31, 2025, mainly due
to our rising demand in the overall AI market.




14        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Agentic AI Business
During the Reporting Period, revenue from Agentic AI business amounted to RMB503.2 million (same period in 2024:
RMB260.4 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 93.2%. The proportion of revenue from Agentic AI business to
total revenue increased from 5.0% for the year ended December 31, 2024 to 7.1% for the year ended December 31, 2025.
This growth was primarily attributed to our strategic expansion pace for the high added value solutions and services.

Cost of Sales
Our cost of sales primarily includes: (1) cost of finished goods sold, primarily representing procurement cost of computing
power from third-party vendors, (2) technology service fees, primarily representing technology implementation costs paid
to third-party service providers for delivery, deployment and installation of customized AI applications that we develop at
users’ request, (3) employee benefit expenses, representing wages and benefits of our implementation and maintenance
personnel for our enterprise AI solutions, and (4) others.

During the Reporting Period, our cost of sales amounted to RMB4,651.9 million (same period in 2024: RMB3,015.8
million), representing a year-on-year increase of 54.2%. Our cost of sales increased in line with the growth in our total
revenue, mainly driven by our hardware procurement costs.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Our gross profit increased by 10.6% from RMB2,244.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB2,483.4
million for the year ended December 31, 2025. Our gross profit margin decreased from 42.7% for the year ended
December 31, 2024 to 34.8% for the year ended December 31, 2025, mainly due to the changes in the Company’s
product portfolio compared to the previous year.

Selling and Marketing Expenses
During the Reporting Period, our selling and marketing expenses amounted to RMB205.2 million (same period in 2024:
RMB268.7 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 23.6%. This reduction was primarily due to the optimization of
our brand promotion strategy, which allowed us to meet brand promotion needs while appropriately controlling marketing
and brand promotion activity costs.

Administrative Expenses
During the Reporting Period, our administrative expenses amounted to RMB154.4 million (same period in 2024: RMB193.3
million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 20.2%, mainly due to the decrease of employee benefit expenses and
professional services.

Research and Development Expenses
We continuously invest in the development and enhancement of our solutions and technologies as in the past. During the
Reporting Period, the Group’s total research and development expenses further increased, reaching RMB2,337.4 million
(same period in 2024: RMB2,169.8 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 7.7%, mainly due to increase of cloud
service fees and decrease of technology service fees.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Provision for credit loss allowance, net
Our provision for credit loss allowance, net primarily includes impairment losses on trade receivables, contract assets, and
other receivables.

During the Reporting Period, our provision for credit loss allowance, net amounted to RMB17.4 million (same period in
2024: RMB200.0 million), mainly due to the decrease of trade receivable balance and the enhancement of our collection
management. In accordance with our accounting policy and relevant internal management system, we have made prudent
provision for bad debts and will continue to closely monitor the recovery of receivables.

Other Income
Our other income primarily includes (i) government grants; and (ii) value-added tax refunds and other tax rebates.

During the Reporting Period, our other income amounted to RMB96.2 million (same period in 2024: RMB120.1 million).

Other gains or losses, net
Other gains or losses, net primarily include (i) fair value changes of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or
loss; (ii) net foreign exchange gains/(losses); (iii) net gains on disposal/dilution of investments accounted for using the equity
method; and (iv) net gains on partial disposal of subsidiaries.

During the Reporting Period, our other gains, net amounted to RMB1.2 million (same period in 2024: other gains, net
of RMB111.7 million), mainly due to increase of foreign exchange losses and the decline of gains on partial disposal of
subsidiaries.

Operating Loss
Due to the above factors, during the Reporting Period, our operating loss amounted to RMB133.5 million, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 62.4% (same period in 2024: operating loss of RMB355.1 million).

Finance Income
During the Reporting Period, our finance income amounted to RMB77.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
49.1% (same period in 2024: RMB51.9 million), which was mainly due to the Company having conducted two placings
during the Reporting Period, resulting in an increase in cash on hand.

Finance Costs
During the Reporting Period, our finance costs amounted to RMB1.0 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
83.2% (same period in 2024: RMB6.1 million), mainly due to decrease of interest expense on borrowings and interest
expense on payable for acquisition of subsidiaries recognized last year.

Loss for the Year
Due to the above factors, during the Reporting Period, our loss for the year amounted to approximately RMB37.8 million
(same period in 2024: loss for the year of RMB296.3 million).




16        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS), we use adjusted net loss (a non-IFRS measure) as an additional financial metric. We believe that these
non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of operating performance from period to period and company to company by
eliminating potential impacts of certain items. We believe that these measures provide useful information to investors in
understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our management.
However, presentation of adjusted net loss (a non-IFRS measure) may not be comparable to similarly titled measures
presented by other companies. The use of these non-IFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and investors
should not consider them in isolation from, or as a substitute for analysis of, our results of operations or financial conditions
as reported under IFRS.

Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss)
We define adjusted net profit/(loss) as the annual loss for the year adding back share-based compensation.

The following table reconciles our adjusted net profit/(loss) for the periods presented to the most directly comparable
financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS, which is profit/(loss) for the year.

                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                            2025                  2024                   Change
                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

Reconciliation of loss for the year and
  adjusted net profit/(loss)
Loss for the year                                                          (37,778)             (296,267)              –87.2%
Add: Share-based compensation                                               44,108                 3,797             1,061.7%


Adjusted net profit/(Loss)                                                   6,330              (292,470)          Turnaround
                                                                                                                      to profit


Loss for the year attributable to the owners                               (26,266)             (268,788)                –90.2%
of the Company
Add: Share-based compensation expenses                                      44,108                 3,797            1,061.7%
Adjusted net profit/(loss) attributable to                                  17,842              (264,991)          Turnaround
  the owners of the Company                                                                                           to profit

Liquidity and Financial Resources
In the past, we have primarily relied on shareholder contributions to meet our cash needs. Following the Global Offering, we
plan to fund our future capital requirements through a balanced approach of equity financing and debt financing activities.
We do not anticipate any changes in the financing required for our future operations.

As of December 31, 2025, all of the Group’s borrowings were denominated in RMB. The Group’s borrowings bear fixed
interest rates between 2.4%-4.0%. All of the Group’s borrowings are due within three years.

Liquid Cash Resources
The Group’s liquid cash resources include cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term bank deposits, short-term
investments measured at fair value through profit or loss, and restricted cash. As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s liquid
cash resources amounted to approximately RMB3,773.8 million (December 31, 2024: RMB2,301.0 million).


                                                                           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Net Current Assets
Our net current assets increased from RMB3,192.8 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB5,383.3 million as of
December 31, 2025, mainly due to increase of current cash resources and decrease of trade payables.

Capital Management and Gearing Ratio
As of December 31, 2025, our gearing ratio (calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity
holders of the Company) was approximately 2.7% (December 31, 2024: 0.1%). Our gearing ratio increased mainly due
to the increase of borrowings. After taking into account the Group’s future business plans and the macroeconomic
environment, we may seek debt or equity financing as necessary to continuously optimize our capital structure.

Capital Commitments
As of December 31, 2025, our capital commitments related to equity investments amounted to RMB4.0 million (December
31, 2024: RMB4.0 million).

Contingent Liabilities
As at December 31, 2025, we did not have any material contingent liabilities.

Pledge of Assets
As of December 31, 2025, except for restricted cash of RMB0.5 million as security deposits mainly for bidding, issuance of
letter of guarantee or bank acceptance bills, the Group had no material pledge of assets.

Foreign Exchange Risk Management
The functional currency of the Company and its major subsidiaries is RMB. The majority of the Group’s revenue is derived
from operations in the PRC. Foreign exchange risk primarily arises from recognized assets and liabilities denominated
in currencies other than the functional currency of the Group’s entities. Fluctuations in exchange rates between RMB
and other currencies during the Group’s operations may impact its financial position and operating results. The foreign
exchange risk facing the Group mainly comes from the US dollars/RMB and Hong Kong dollars/RMB exchange rates. As
of December 31, 2025, the Group did not hold any financial instruments for hedging purposes, nor did it hold any foreign
currency investments hedged through currency borrowings or other hedging instruments.

Credit Risk
We are exposed to credit risk in relation to our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits, investments
in debt instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets.
The carrying amounts of each class of the above financial assets and contract assets represent our maximum exposure to
credit risk in relation to financial assets and contract assets.

To manage risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits and investments in debt
instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, we only transact with state-owned banks and reputable or
licensed financial institutions. There has been no recent history of default in relation to these financial institutions.

To manage risk arising from trade receivables and contract assets, we have policies in place to ensure that sales with
credit terms are made to counterparties with an appropriate credit history and the management performs ongoing credit
evaluations of its counterparties. We usually grant a credit term no more than 90 days and the credit quality of these
customers is assessed by taking into account their financial position, past experience and other factors.




18        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




For other receivables, management makes periodic collective assessments as well as individual assessment on the
recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past experiences. In view of the history of
cooperation with debtors and the sound collection history of receivables due from them, the management believes that the
credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding other receivables balances due from them is low.

Fund and Working Capital Management
Our funds and liquidity management are centrally carried out by our finance department. Our finance department is
generally responsible for overall management and implementation of funds, including formulating the capital management
policy for the Group, guiding, coordinating and standardizing the fund management of regional companies, making annual
funding plans, reviewing and summarizing annual capital budget, overseeing and assessing fund management of each
regional company. We have also adopted sophisticated fund management policies and implemented a set of rules and
guidelines on fund management to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of fund management, thereby ensuring our
financial security and reducing cost of capital.

To manage our idle cash on hand, we primarily purchase and redeem wealth management products using them as our
“cash pool” from which we could readily access cash as needed and generate higher yield than bank deposits. The
underlying financial assets of the wealth management products in which we invested primarily consist of the low-risk
wealth management products issued by state-owned banks or other high-quality reputable banks in the PRC. The amount
of the purchase will be determined based on our surplus funds. We consistently comply with our financial policy during
the procedures of purchasing the wealth management products and managing the relevant departments, as well as in
conducting business, accounting and filing.

We are committed to safeguarding overall financial security and maintaining strong cash position and a healthy debt profile
with strong repayment ability. By adopting a full, reasonable and professional assessment mechanism, preparing annual
and monthly funding plans, we have established prudent fund management principle, which allows us to efficiently manage
market risks.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND
JOINT VENTURES
During the Reporting Period, we did not make any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates, or joint
ventures.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




INFORMATION AND FUTURE PLANS FOR SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL
ASSETS

On September 26, 2023 (prior to the Listing), the Group invested RMB390,000,000 in GaoTeng Overseas Equity No. 3
Private Securities Investment Fund (Private Equity) (高騰海外權益3號私募證券投資基金（私募基金）) (the “Investment”).
GaoTeng Overseas Private Fund Management (Hainan) Ltd. and Agricultural Bank of China Limited Hainan Branch are
the fund manager and the fund trustee, respectively. The Group has no significant influence over the fund and the fund
manager, and the Group can redeem its fund shares after a lock-up period of one year. As at December 31, 2025, the
Investment was classified as a current asset. As at December 31, 2025, the carrying amount of the Investment was
approximately RMB404 million, representing approximately 4.3% of the Group’s total assets.

(1)   Basic information relating to the Investment:

                                                                                                                                             Percentage
                                                                                                                                Fair value        of the
                                                                                                                                     as at      Group’s
                             Name of fund       Registered      Principal place Business                 Fund     Investment December 31,          total
      Name of fund           manager            place           of business     nature                holdings          cost          2025       assets
                                                                                                                    (RMB’000)   (RMB’000)            (%)

      GaoTeng Overseas       GaoTeng Overseas Sanya City,      Sanya City,     Private securities   390,000,000      390,000       403,966         4.3%
        Equity No. 3           Private Fund     Hainan Province Hainan Province investment fund
        Private Securities     Management                                         management
        Investment Fund        (Hainan) Ltd.
        (Private Equity)
        (the “Fund”)

      As of December 3, 2025, the Fund primarily invested in a segregated portfolio issued by a segregated portfolio
      company, which focused on investments in debt and money market products in Asia Pacific markets.

(2)   The performance of the Fund during the Reporting Period is set out below:

                                                                                                                   Gain for                Dividend
                                                                                                                 the twelve                received
                                                                                                                    months           for the twelve
                                                                                                                     ended           months ended
                                                                                                              December 31,           December 31,
      Name of fund                                                                                                     2025                    2025
                                                                                                                 (RMB’000)               (RMB’000)

      GaoTeng Overseas Equity No. 3 Private Securities Investment Fund
       (Private Equity)                                                                                                  887                          –




20         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.           Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




(3)    The Company’s investment strategy in respect of the Investment:
       The Fund focuses on U.S. dollar-denominated asset portfolio allocation with a robust investment strategy. As at
       December 31, 2025, the Company holds 390,000,000 units in the Fund. The Company invests in the Fund with the
       primary goal of obtaining expected investment returns through the Fund’s investments.

Save as disclosed herein, as of the end of the Reporting Period, we did not hold any other significant investments.

Save as disclosed herein, as of the date of this annual report, we did not have plans for significant investments and capital
assets.

COMPLETION OF PLACING OF NEW H SHARES UNDER GENERAL MANDATE
In February 2025, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the placing agents, and then successfully completed
the placement of a total of 27,920,000 placing shares to not less than six placing parties at a placing price of HK$50.20
per Share and has received an aggregate placement proceeds of approximately HK$1,393,930,000. Immediately after
completion of the placing, the total number of issued Shares of the Company was 493,778,733, comprising 294,909,496
H Shares and 198,869,237 Unlisted Shares. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated
February 7, 2025 and February 13, 2025.

COMPLETION OF ISSUE OF H SHARES UNDER GENERAL MANDATE
On July 17, 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement and a placing agreement, pursuant to which the
subscriber agreed to subscribe for, and the Company agreed to allot and issue, a total of 25,900,000 new H Shares (the
“Subscription Shares”) at the subscription price of HK$50.50 per Subscription Share for an aggregate consideration
of approximately HK$1,307,950,000 (the “Subscription”). The net proceeds from the Subscription were approximately
HK$1,306.18 million. The Subscription has been completed on August 14, 2025. For details, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated July 17, 2025 and August 14, 2025.

FORMATION OF A JOINT VENTURE
On August 4, 2025, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement (the “Joint Venture Agreement”) with Beijing
HyperStrong Technology Co., Ltd. (“HyperStrong”), in relation to, among other things, the formation of a joint venture
(the “Joint Venture”). The proposed name of the Joint Venture is Energy Crystal (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. (a tentative
name subject to the final approval by the Market Supervision Administration). The Joint Venture will principally engage in AI
technology services for electricity trading. Upon its formation, the Joint Venture will be owned as to 19% by the Company.
For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated August 4, 2025.




                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




CHANGE OF THE ENGLISH NAME OF THE COMPANY, THE CHINESE NAME OF THE
COMPANY, THE STOCK SHORT NAME OF THE COMPANY AND COMPANY LOGO
The English name of the Company has been changed from “Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.” to “Phancy
Group Co., Ltd.”, with effect from January 7, 2026. The Chinese name of the Company has been changed from “北京第四
範式智能技術股份有限公司” to “範式智能技術集團股份有限公司”, with the Certificate of Registration of Alteration of Name
of Registered Non-Hong Kong Company issued by the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong on March 13, 2026.

The stock short name of H Shares for trading on the Stock Exchange changed from “FOURTH PARADIGM” to “PHANCY”
in English and from “第四範式” to “範式智能” in Chinese, with effect from 9:00 a.m. on January 20, 2026. The Company
has changed to a new company logo with effect from March 20, 2026.

Please refer to the Company’s announcements dated December 1, 2025, December 19, 2025, January 12, 2026, January
14, 2026, February 4, 2026, March 17, 2026 and March 20, 2026 and the circular dated December 3, 2025 and January
15, 2026 for details.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On January 20, 2026, the Company acquired addition 39.58% of equity interest in Wake Up from other shareholders of
Wake Up at a total consideration of approximately RMB278,363,000 and the consideration was paid as at the date of this
report. Upon completion of the acquisition on January 20, 2026, Wake Up will be owned as to 84.58% by the Company
and become a direct non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

Save as disclosed in this report, there were no significant events for the Group after the Reporting Period and up to the
date of this report.




22        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵), aged 42, is the Chairman of the Board, an executive Director, Chief Executive Officer and
General Manager of our Company. Dr. Dai has been our Chief Executive Officer since January 2015 and Chairman of the
Board since August 2015. He was re-designated as our executive Director on July 16, 2021. He is primarily responsible for
the overall strategic planning, business and technology direction and operational management of our Company.

Dr. Dai has approximately 17 years of experience in the AI technology industry. Prior to joining our Company, he served as
Chief Research and Development Architect at Baidu Online Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (百度在線網絡技術（北
京）有限公司) from May 2009 to May 2013, where he was responsible for the research, development and management of
advertising system of the Baidu search. Dr. Dai has served as a director of Shishuo Pilot Engineering Technology Research
(Beijing) Co., Ltd. (式說領航工程技術研究（北京）有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company from March, 2025.

Dr. Dai is a renowned scholar in AI and his papers were published in the conference proceedings of leading organizations
such as NIPS, ICML, AAAI and KDD. In April 2005, Dr. Dai was awarded as a world champion in the 2005 ACM-
International Collegiate Programming Contest World Finals, competing with 77 teams from around the world.

Dr. Dai received a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and Technology in July 2006 and a Master’s degree in
Computer Application Technology in March 2009 from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學) in the PRC. He
obtained a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science and Engineering from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
(“HKUST”) in Hong Kong in June 2020.

Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強), aged 38, is an executive Director and Chief Research Scientist of our Company. Mr. Chen
joined our Group in March 2015 and has served as our Director since December 2017. He was re-designated as our
executive Director on July 16, 2021. He is primarily responsible for the overall management of technology and product
research and development.

Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Chen served as Senior Engineer at Baidu Online Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (百
度在線網絡技術（北京）有限公司) from April 2012 to May 2014. He then served as Architect at Beijing ByteDance Network
Technology Co., Ltd. (北京字節跳動網絡技術有限公司) from May 2014 to March 2015, where he was responsible for
research and development.

Mr. Chen received a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and Technology in July 2009, and a Master’s degree in
Computer Applied Technology in March 2012 from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學) in the PRC.

Mr. Chen currently serves as the supervisor of certain subsidiaries of our Company including 4Paradigm Shenzhen,
Shanghai Shishuo and 4Paradigm Technology. He also serves as the director of Snowline Technology, one of the
subsidiaries of our Group.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     23
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. YU Zhonghao (于中灝), aged 39, is an executive Director, Vice Chairman and Senior Vice President of our Company.
Mr. Yu joined the Group in May 2018 and has served as our Director since February 2021. He was re-designated as our
executive Director on July 16, 2021. He is primarily responsible for the overall management of investment and financing,
finance, legal and post-investment related matters.

Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Yu worked as Business Analyst at Macquarie Investment Advisory (Beijing) Company Limited
(麥格理投資顧問（北京）有限公司) from January 2011 to March 2012. He then joined the investment banking division of
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Hong Kong Branch in March 2012. Subsequently, Mr. Yu worked at CCB International Asset
Management Limited (建銀國際資產管理有限公司) from April 2014 to August 2018, where his last position was Associate
Director and Team Head of Direct Investment Division.

Mr. Yu received a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics from Beihang University (北京航空航天大學)
in the PRC in July 2008. He received a Master’s degree in Mathematics in October 2010 from the University of Cambridge.
Mr. Yu also obtained a Master’s degree in Financial Mathematics from the University of Chicago in June 2010.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強), aged 64, is a non-executive Director and a member of each of the Audit Committee and the
Remuneration Committee of the Company. Dr. Yang joined our Group in November 2014. He was the Chief Science
Consultant of the Company from November 2014 to December 2017. He has served as our Director since November 2016
and was re-designated as our non-executive Director on July 16, 2021. He is primarily responsible for overall board affairs,
and strategic advice and guidance on product and technology research and development.

Dr. Yang served at School of Computing Science of Simon Fraser University in Canada from September 1995 to August
2004 where he last served as a tenured professor. From September 1989 to August 1995, Dr. Yang worked at the
University of Waterloo in Canada where his last position was lifetime associate professor. From August 2001 to June 2012,
he served as Associate Professor, Professor and Associate Head of Computer Science and Engineering at HKUST. He
served as a Chair Professor and Head of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering from November 2014 to
August 2023. Dr. Yang was an independent director of WeBank Co., Ltd. (深圳前海微眾銀行股份有限公司) (“WeBank”)
from December 2016 to April 2018. Dr. Yang has served as an independent non-executive director of China Mobile Limited
(NYSE: CHL; SEHK: 941) since May 2018 and an independent non-executive director of Knowledge Atlas Technology
Joint Stock Company Limited (SEHK: 2513) since December 2025. From June 2012 to October 2014, Dr. Yang worked at
Huawei Tech. Investment Co., Ltd., where his last position was the Founding Head of Noah’s Ark Research Lab. From April
2018 to March 2025, Dr. Yang served as a Management Consultant and Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer at WeBank, and
he has served as the Adviser at WeBank. Since April 2025, Dr. Yang has been serving as the Director of PolyU Academy
for Artificial Intelligence, Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer and Chair Professor of Artificial Intelligence at The Hong Kong
Polytechnic University.

Dr. Yang received a Bachelor’s degree in Astrophysics from Peking University (北京大學) in July 1982, Master’s degrees
of Science in Astrophysics and Computer Science from the University of Maryland, College Park in the United States in
May 1984 and December 1987, respectively, and a Doctor’s degree in Computer Science from the University of Maryland,
College Park in August 1989.

Dr. Yang was the President of International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI) from 2017 to 2019, and
a Councilor of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) until 2019. He served as the AAAI
Conference Chair in 2021. Dr. Yang is a fellow of several international professional associations, including the Institute
of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc. (IEEE), American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS),
International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR), the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI),
the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), and Chinese Association for Artificial Intelligence (CAAI). He was also
elected as a Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering (CAE) and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada (RSC) in
2021.


24        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. Dou Shuai (竇帥), aged 36, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Dou joined the Group as a Director
in February 2021 and was re-designated as our non-executive Director on July 16, 2021. He is primarily responsible for
overall board affairs, and strategic advice and guidance on the business operation of the Group.

Mr. Dou joined Boyu Capital Advisory Company Limited in October 2016, where he currently serves as an executive
Director. From June 2014 to October 2016, Mr. Dou worked in the Global Investment Banking Department of J.P. Morgan
Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited.

Mr. Dou received a Bachelor’s degree in Economics in July 2012 and a Master’s degree in Finance in June 2014 from
Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC.

Mr. Zhang Jing (張晶), aged 44, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Zhang joined the Group as a Director
in February 2021 and was re-designated as our non-executive Director on July 16, 2021. He is primarily responsible for
overall board affairs, and strategic advice and guidance on the business operation of the Group.

Mr. Zhang has served at Primavera Capital Limited since June 2010 where his current position is Partner.

Mr. Zhang obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting in July 2003 and a Master’s degree in Business Administration in
July 2005 from Tsinghua University in the PRC.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱), aged 47, is an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the Audit Committee and
a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. He is primarily responsible for participating in the decision-
making for our Company’s significant events and advising on issues relating to corporate governance, audit and
remuneration and assessment of our Directors and senior management.

Mr. Li has over 23 years of experience in tax advisory, investment matters and financial management. He served as the
chief financial officer at DP Technology since September 2025. From April 2020 to September 2023, he served as the
Managing Partner at the Strategic Investment Department of a subsidiary of Xiaomi Corporation (SEHK: 1810), and prior
to that, between December 2017 and April 2020, he was the Vice President of the Finance Department where he was
responsible for optimizing the capabilities of the group’s Finance Department, managing its tax matters and overseeing its
merger and acquisition projects. From July 2001 to November 2017, he held various positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers
Consultants (Shenzhen) Limited Beijing Branch (普華永道諮詢（深圳）有限公司北京分公司), where his last position was
Tax and Commercial Advisory Partner.

Currently, Mr. Li also serves as an independent non-executive director of Chaoju Eye Care Holdings Limited (SEHK: 2219);
an independent non-executive director of CAI Holdings Limited (SEHK: 00080); an independent non-executive director of
Gongniu Group Co., Ltd. (SSE: 603195); and an independent non-executive director of Chengdu Qushui Technology Co.,
Ltd. (SZSE: 301336).

Mr. Li received a Bachelor’s degree in Laws and Economics from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July 2001.
He has been a member of The Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants since September 2010 and a member of
the China Certified Tax Agents Association since March 2013 and received his PRC lawyer’s practicing licence issued by
Ministry of Justice of the PRC in February 2007.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     25
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金), aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on July 16, 2021. He is
primarily responsible for participating in the decision-making for our Company’s significant events and advising on issues
relating to corporate governance, audit and remuneration and assessment of our Directors and senior management.

Since June 2002, Mr. Liu has been the Chairman of the Board and General Manager of Pan Pacific Beijing Management
and Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京泛太平洋管理諮詢有限公司), where he is responsible for overall management of the
company. Mr. Liu currently also serves as the independent non-executive director of Shenwan Hongyuan (H.K.) Limited
(a listed company on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 218) since June 2024 and the director of Xiamen Fantai Business
Investment Management Co., Ltd. (廈門泛泰創業投資管理有限公司) since March 2014. From May 2018 to December
2019, Mr. Liu also served as an independent director of Yango Group Co., Ltd. (陽光城集團股份有限公司) (SZSE:
000671). From May 2018 to 2022, Mr. Liu has served as a director of Sanying Precision Instruments Co., Ltd. (天津三英精
密儀器股份有限公司) (NEEQ: 839222). Mr. Liu has also served as an independent director of Yankuang (Shandong) Equity
Interest Investment Management Co., Ltd. (兗礦（山東）股權投資管理有限責任公司).

Mr. Liu received a Bachelor’s degree in Physics from Xiamen University (廈門大學) in the PRC in July 1985 and a Master’s
degree in Business Administration from the Harvard Business School in the United States in June 1997. Mr. Liu obtained
both the Professional Qualification of Independent Director from Shenzhen Stock Exchange and Qualification of Fund
Practitioners from the Asset Management Association of China in July 2016.

Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂), aged 44, is an independent non-executive Director, the chairlady of the Remuneration Committee
and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company. She is primarily responsible for participating in the
decision-making for our Company’s significant events and advising on issues relating to corporate governance, audit and
remuneration and assessment of our Directors and senior management.

Ms. Ke has been serving as the general manager of the Belle Consumer Fund of Belle International (China) Limited since
May 2021. From January 2012 to January 2016, Ms. Ke served at Sequoia Capital Consulting (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (紅杉
資本顧問諮詢（北京）有限公司), where her last position was the vice president. She was founding partner of Fengshang
Investment Management Co., Ltd. (上海峰上投資管理有限公司) (the general partner of Shanghai Fengshang Venture
Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership), one of our pre-IPO investors until August 2019) from March 2016 to May 2021.

Ms. Ke obtained a bachelor’s degree in International Economics and Trade from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in
July 2003. Ms. Ke was recognized as a non-practicing member by The Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (中
國註冊會計師協會) in September 2006, as a certified tax agent by the China Certified Tax Agents Association (中國註冊稅
務師協會) in October 2007, and became a non-practicing member of the Shanghai Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(上海市註冊會計師協會) in December 2009. She was recognized as a Chartered Financial Analyst by the CFA Institute in
July 2015.




26        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. Pan Jialin (潘嘉林), aged 45, is an independent non-executive Director. He is currently a professor and the vice-
chairman of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at The Chinese University of Hong Kong, and
the director of the Jockey Club “Machine Learning and Symbolic Reasoning Integration” Innovation and Technology
Laboratory.

Mr. Pan has served as a professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at The Chinese University of
Hong Kong since December 2022, the director of the Jockey Club “Machine Learning and Symbolic Reasoning Integration”
Innovation and Technology Laboratory since July 2023, and the vice-chairman of the Department of Computer Science
and Engineering at The Chinese University of Hong Kong since August 2025. Prior to joining The Chinese University of
Hong Kong, Mr. Pan served as a scientist at the A*STAR Institute for Infocomm Research in Singapore and a director of
the document analysis laboratory from November 2010 to November 2014. Mr. Pan served as an assistant professor, an
associate professor and a professor at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore from November 2014 to December
2022. Additionally, Mr. Pan served as a consultant of the Company from November 2018 to October 2024 (providing input
on AI algorithm), a consultant of the Smart Nation and Digital Government Office in Singapore in 2023, and a consultant for
the Huawei Cloud Innovation Lab in 2021. Mr. Pan served as a consultant for the A*STAR Institute for Infocomm Research
in Singapore in 2015.

Mr. Pan received a Bachelor’s and a Master’s degree in Applied Mathematics from The Sun Yat-sen University in 2003 and
2005, respectively, and obtained a Ph.D. in Computer Science from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
in 2011. Mr. Pan was named “AI 10 to Watch” by the IEEE Intelligent Systems magazine in 2018, and was elected as a
Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE Fellow) in 2025.

Employee Representative Director
Mr. Chai Yifei (柴亦飛), aged 45, joined the Group in October 2015 and is currently the employee representative director
and the Vice President of the Company, and served as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee and a shareholders’
representative Supervisor. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Chai served at IBM (China) Co., Ltd. (國際商業機器（中國）有
限公司) from August 2007 to January 2014, where his last position was Big Data Consulting Senior Manager. He was
responsible for big data management and analysis for clients in finance industry, and industry consulting for clients in retail
and logistics industries. He then served at Deloitte Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (德勤管理諮詢（上海）有限公司) from
January 2014 to October 2015, where his last position was Management Consulting Manager.

Mr. Chai received a Bachelor’s degree in Electronic Information Science and Technology in July 2003 and a Master’s
degree in Computer System Structure from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 2007.




                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      27
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵), aged 42, is the Chairman of the Board, an executive Director, Chief Executive Officer and
General Manager of our Company. For details of his biography, please refer to the section headed “Executive Directors”.

Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強), aged 38, is an executive Director and Chief Research Scientist of our Company. For details
of his biography, please refer to the section headed “Executive Directors”.

Mr. YU Zhonghao (于中灝), aged 39, is an executive Director, Vice Chairman and Senior Vice President of our Company.
For details of his biography, please refer to the section headed “Executive Directors”.

Mr. Hu Shiwei (胡時偉), aged 39, is the President and Chief Architect of the Company. Mr. Hu joined our Group as
Chief Architect in March 2015, was the shareholders’ representative Supervisor from November 2016 to July 2021, and
was appointed as President of the Company in January 2024. He is primarily responsible for overall strategic planning,
management of business and sales, customer success, overall technology management and product architecture and
design.

Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Hu served as a Senior Research and Development Engineer at Baidu.com Times Technology
(Beijing) Co., Ltd. (百度時代網絡技術（北京）有限公司) from April 2011 to June 2014, where he was responsible for
providing support in relation to technology architecture. Before joining our Group in March 2015, Mr. Hu served as Head of
Internet Research and Development Department at Beijing Home Link Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd. (北京鏈家房地產經
紀有限公司) starting from June 2014. Mr. Hu currently serves as a director of Shanghai Fan’an Technology Co., Ltd. (上海
範安科技有限公司), one of the subsidiaries of our Group.

Mr. Hu received a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and Technology in July 2008 and a Master’s degree in
Computer Software and Theory in March 2011 from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學) in the PRC.

Mr. Liu Nan (劉楠先生), aged 46, is the Chief Financial Officer of our Company and secretary to the Board of our
Company. Mr. Liu joined our Group in 2024. He is primarily responsible for the Group’s financial strategic planning and
decision-making, investor relations and Board-related work.

Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Liu successively worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ernst & Young Hua Ming since
2004. From 2008 to 2011, he worked in the investment banking department of CITIC Securities. From 2011 to September
2024, Mr. Liu successively served as secretary to the board of directors of People.cn Co., Ltd (stock code: 603000.SH),
the vice president, secretary to the board of directors and financial controller of IReader Technology Co., Ltd. (stock code:
603533.SH), the deputy general manager and secretary to the board of directors of Yoozoo Interactive Co., Ltd. (stock
code: 002174.SZ), the vice president, financial controller and secretary to the board of directors of Visual China Group Co.,
Ltd. (stock code: 000681.SZ) and the chief financial officer of Dangdang (當當網).

Mr. Liu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in optoelectronic technology and a Master’s degree in physical electronic technology
from Nanjing University of Science and Technology (南京理工大學) in July 2002 and July 2004, respectively.




28        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PRINCIPAL BUSINESS
We are a leader in enterprise AI. We are an Al software company which focuses on providing platform-centric Al software
which enables enterprises to develop their own decision-making Al applications. Our enterprise-level solutions are
designed to serve enterprises, rather than individuals. We offer platform-centric Al solutions that can be rapidly deployed
by enterprises on a large scale to uncover hidden patterns in data and comprehensively enhance their decision-making
capabilities. There have been no significant changes in the nature of the Group’s principal business from the Listing Date to
the date of this report. For details of the principal business of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, please refer to Note 18
to the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the Group’s consolidated financial
statements.

FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the distribution of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the issued shares during the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 25 to the consolidated financial
statements.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2025 are set
out in Note 26 and Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at December 31, 2025, the Company had no distributable reserves.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
The Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on September 28, 2023. A summary of the results, assets, liabilities
and equity of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial information and financial
statements, is set out on Page 4 of this annual report.

BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
As at December 31, 2025, bank loans and other borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately RMB201,883
million. Details of the Group’s bank loans and other borrowings as at December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 31 to the
consolidated financial statements.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in
Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company’s public float
meets the requirements of the Listing Rules as at the date of this report.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the PRC requiring the
Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing Shareholders.




30        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT




BUSINESS REVIEW
Annual Overview and Performance
Pursuant to the requirements of the Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
we are required to carry out an impartial review of the Group’s business, including an analysis of the Group’s financial
performance and an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, which are set out in the sections
headed “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report. These discussions form part of
this report. Events that have occurred since the end of the year ended December 31, 2025 that have had an impact on the
Company are set out in the paragraph headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Events after the Reporting Period”
in this report.

Key Relationships with Stakeholders
The Group recognizes that its various stakeholders, including employees, customers, suppliers and other business
partners, are key to its success. The Group strives to maintain employment, cooperation and solid relationships with them
in order to achieve sustainable development.

The Group believes that attracting, recruiting and retaining quality employees is of paramount importance. In order to
maintain the quality, knowledge and skill level of its employees, the Group provides regular training to its employees,
including induction training for new hires, technical training, professional and management training, as well as health and
safety training. The Group believes that it maintains good relationships with its employees and has not experienced any
significant labor disputes or difficulties in recruiting employees for its business operations. We value customer feedback,
as good customer service is one of our key sales drivers. We have a designated customer service team to handle various
after-sales customer requests in a timely and effective manner with a personalized approach and to enhance overall
customer satisfaction. Our large and growing customer base provides us with valuable insights into best industry practices,
allowing us to better understand our customers’ needs to continuously improve our products and enhance the customer
experience.

Details of the Company’s key relationships with employees, customers and suppliers and other persons who have
significant influence on the Company are set out in its Environmental, Social and Governance Report published on the
same date as this report.

Social Responsibility, Environmental Policy and Performance
In 2025, the Group was committed to fulfilling its social responsibilities, improving employee welfare, promoting
development, protecting the environment, giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth. A separate
environmental, social and governance report will be published on the Stock Exchange’s website and the Company’s
website concurrently with the publication of this annual report.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
We may be involved in legal proceedings from time to time in the ordinary course of business. During the Reporting Period
and up to the date of this report, the Group complied with the relevant laws, regulations and supervisory requirements
that have a material impact on the Group in all respects. During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report,
neither the Group nor any of the Directors and senior management of the Company has been subject to investigation or
administrative penalty by the China Securities and Regulatory Commission, banned from entering the market, recognized as
an unsuitable person, publicly reprimanded by the stock exchange, subject to compulsory measures, referred to the judicial
authorities or held criminally liable, nor has it been involved in any other litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding
that would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. During the year
ended December 31, 2025, the Directors were not aware of any material litigation or claim that was pending or threatened
the Group.

Key Risks and Uncertainties
Our operations involve a number of key risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. The material risks
and uncertainties we face are set out below:

•      AI technologies are constantly evolving. Any flaws or inappropriate usage of Al technologies, whether actual or
       perceived, whether intended or inadvertent, whether committed by us or by other third parties, could have negative
       impact on our business, reputation and the general acceptance of Al solutions by the society.

•      Our business depends substantially on continuing efforts of our senior management and other key personnel, as
       well as a competent pool of talents who support our existing operations and future growth. If we are unable to
       retain, attract, recruit and train such personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected.

•      The industries in which we operate are characterized by constant changes. If we fail to continuously innovate
       our technology and provide useful solutions that meet the expectations of our customers, our business, financial
       condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

•      We recorded a year-on-year increase of 35.6% in total revenue in 2025. We may not be able to sustain our historical
       growth rates, and our historical growth may not be indicative of our future growth or financial results.

•      We are investing heavily on our research and development, and such investment may negatively impact our
       profitability and operating cash flow in the short term and may not generate the results we expect to achieve.




32        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT




•     Our solutions are primarily not offered on a recurring subscription basis. If we fail to retain existing customers, attract
      new customers or increase average revenue per customer, our business and results of operations may be materially
      and adversely affected.

•     If we fail to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and
      adversely affected.

•     We may be subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. Actual or
      alleged failure to comply with privacy and data protection laws and regulations could damage our reputation, deter
      current and potential customers from using our solutions and could subject us to significant legal, financial and
      operational consequences.

•     We are subject to the risks associated with international trade policies, geopolitics and trade protection measures,
      and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Effective March 2, 2023,
      BIS added certain entity(ies) to the Entity List, which restricts their ability to purchase or otherwise access certain
      goods, software and technology. Out of an abundance of caution and unless or until we receive further clarification
      from BIS, we will assume that all entities located at the address provided in the Entity List are subject to the Entity
      List restrictions in order to comply with relevant restrictions.

•     The trading price of our H Shares may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to the Shareholders.

However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors should exercise their own judgment or consult an investment advisor
before making any investment in the Shares.

PROSPECTS
The “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” sections of this report provide an overview of the
future development of the Company’s business.




                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025       33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
The H Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on September 28, 2023. The
Company received net proceeds (after deduction of underwriting commissions and related costs and expenses) from the
Global Offering (including the over-allotment option granted in connection with the Global Offering partially exercised) of
approximately HK$925.6 million and utilized net proceeds of approximately HK$925.6 million as at December 31, 2025.
The remaining net proceeds amounted to approximately HK$0 million. Our Company will continue to use the remaining net
proceeds for the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The details of intended use of net proceeds from the Global Offering
are set out as follows:

                                                                                         Utilized net
                                                                                           proceeds Unutilized net
                                                                                            from the proceeds from
                                                                                               Global    the Global
                                                                          Amount         Offering for   Offering for
                                                     Net proceeds        unutilized          the year      the year     Expected timeline
                                    Approximate           from the            as at            ended         ended      of full utilization
                                    % of total net          Global      January 1,     December 31, December 31,        of the unutilized
Item                                   proceeds            Offering           2025              2025           2025     proceeds
                                                       (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)

Enhancing our fundamental                  60.0%              555.4          481.7             481.7               –    N/A
  research, technological
  capabilities and solution
  development

Expanding our offerings, building          20.0%              185.1          168.0             168.0               –    N/A
  our brand and entering new
  sectors

Seeking strategic investment               10.0%               92.6               –                –               –    N/A
  and acquisition opportunities

General corporate                          10.0%               92.6            29.7             29.7               –    N/A
  purposes


Total                                     100.0%              925.6          679.4             679.4               –

The net proceeds utilized have been converted from Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars at the rate of RMB1 to HK$1.0862,
being the reference exchange rate adopted in the Prospectus. No representation is made that any amounts in Hong Kong
dollars or Renminbi have been or could be converted at the above rate.




34          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.        Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING
On February 7, 2025, the Company entered into the Placing Agreement with the Placing Agents, pursuant to which the
Placing Agents have agreed (as Placing Agents of the Company) to procure not less than six Placees (any individual,
professional, corporate, institutional or other investors procured by the Placing Agents to subscribe for any of the Placing
Shares pursuant to the Placing Agreement) on a best effort basis to subscribe for 27,920,000 Placing Shares (with a total
nominal value of RMB27,920,000) at a Placing Price of HK$50.20 per H Share. The closing price of the H Shares of the
Company on February 6, 2025 was HK$56.80 per Share. The Placing aims to support the Company’s continuous and
stable business development, further consolidate its core competitiveness and ensure sustainable growth. The Placing was
completed on February 13, 2025. The net proceeds from the Placing (after deducting the placing commission and other
related costs and expenses of the Placing) were approximately HK$1,394 million, and the net placing price of the Placing
Shares was approximately HK$49.93 per Share. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated
February 7, 2025 and February 13, 2025.

During the Reporting Period, details of the use of net proceeds from the Placing are set out below:

                                                                                   Net proceeds
                                                                                        from the
                                                                    Amount       Placing utilized       Amount
                                                                   unutilized         during the       unutilized      Expected timeline
                             Approximate      Net proceeds              as at        year ended             as at      of full utilization
                             % of total net        from the     February 13,      December 31,        December         of the unutilized
Item                            proceeds            Placing             2025                2025        31, 2025       proceeds
                                                (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)

Core product R&D                      30%            418.18           418.18              418.18                –      N/A

Business expansion                    20%            278.79           278.79              278.79                –      N/A

M&A opportunities                     40%            557.57           557.57              390.53          167.04       Before the end of
                                                                                                                         year 2027

General corporate purposes            10%            139.39           139.39              100.89           38.50       Before the end of
                                                                                                                         year 2027


Total                              100.0%          1,393.93         1,393.93            1,188.39          205.54




                                                                                 Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025               35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE ISSUE OF H SHARES UNDER GENERAL MANDATE
On July 17, 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement and a placing agreement, pursuant to which the
subscriber agreed to subscribe for, and the Company agreed to allot and issue, a total of 25,900,000 new H Shares (with
an aggregate par value of RMB25,900,000) at the subscription price of HK$50.50 per Subscription Share for an aggregate
consideration of approximately HK$1,307,950,000 (“Subscription”). The closing price of the H Shares of the Company
on July 16, 2025 was HK$55.45 per Share. The subscription brings long-term development benefits to the Group, as
it not only provides a good opportunity for additional fundraising to strengthen its financial position, but also broadens
the Company’s shareholder base and capital base, and promotes the future growth and high-quality development of its
business. The net proceeds from the subscription were approximately HK$1,306.18 million. The net Subscription price was
approximately HK$50.43 per subscription share. The Subscription has been completed on August 14, 2025. For details,
please refer to the announcements of the Company dated July 17, 2025 and August 14, 2025.

During the Reporting Period, details of the use of net proceeds from the Subscription are set out below:

                                                                                       Net proceeds
                                                                                            from the
                                                                        Amount       Placing utilized         Amount
                                                                       unutilized         during the         unutilized    Expected timeline
                                   Approximate     Net proceeds             as at        year ended               as at    of full utilization
                                      % of total        from the      August 14,      December 31,       December 31,      of the unutilized
Item                               net proceeds          Placing            2025                2025              2025     proceeds
                                                     (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)

Investment in research and                 50%            653.09          653.09                    –            653.09    Before the end of
   development regarding                                                                                                     year 2027
   AI products and solutions
   in emerging fields such
   as embodied intelligence,
   smart devices, blockchain,
   real world assets
   (RWA) and stablecoin
   (collectively, the “Emerging
   Businesses”) with holistic
   AI capabilities:
– Research and development on              20%            130.62          130.62                    –            130.62
   AI products and solutions for
   embodied intelligence
– Research and development on              30%            195.93          195.93                    –            195.93
   AI products and solutions for
   smart devices
– Research and development on              50%            326.55          326.55                    –            326.55
   AI products and solutions for
   real world assets (RWA) and
   stablecoin




36          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.       Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                                                                                      Net proceeds
                                                                                           from the
                                                                       Amount       Placing utilized         Amount
                                                                      unutilized         during the         unutilized      Expected timeline
                                  Approximate     Net proceeds             as at        year ended               as at      of full utilization
                                     % of total        from the      August 14,      December 31,       December 31,        of the unutilized
Item                              net proceeds          Placing            2025                2025              2025       proceeds
                                                    (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)

Global business expansion                 40%            522.47          522.47                    –            522.47      Before the end of
   and potential acquisitions                                                                                                 year 2027
   of technology service
   providers that support the
   Emerging Businesses
– Global business expansion               25%            130.62          130.62                    –            130.62
– Potential acquisition of                75%            391.85          391.85                    –            391.85
   technology service providers
   that support the Emerging
   Businesses
   • Potential acquisition                20%              78.37          78.37                    –             78.37
      of technology service
      providers that support
      embodied intelligence
   • Potential acquisition                30%            117.56          117.56                    –            117.56
      of technology service
      providers that support
      smart devices
   • Potential acquisition                50%            195.93          195.93                    –            195.93
      of technology service
      providers that support
      real-world assets (RWA)
      and stablecoin
General corporate purposes                10%            130.62          130.62                    –            130.62      Before the end of
                                                                                                                              year 2027


Total                                  100.0%          1,306.18        1,306.18                    –          1,306.18




                                                                                    Phancy Group Co., Ltd.     Annual Report 2025               37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
For more information on events after the end of the Reporting Period, please refer to the section “Management Discussion
and Analysis – Events after the Reporting Period” in this report.

PROPOSED INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING OF RMB-DENOMINATED ORDINARY SHARES
The Company intends to make an initial public offering of RMB denominated ordinary shares and list on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange in the PRC (the “Proposed A Share Offering”), and on March 25, 2026 received a notice from the
Beijing Regulatory Bureau of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “Beijing CSRC Office”) agreeing to accept
the filing registration in respect of the pre-listing tutoring for the Proposed A Share Offering of the Company. The Company
has appointed Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. as its pre-listing tutoring institution in relation to the Proposed A Share
Offering and has entered into a tutoring agreement with it. As at the date of this report, the Company has not yet finalized
the structure of the Proposed A Share Offering and other than the application for pre-listing tutoring filling submitted to the
Beijing CSRC Office, the Company has not submitted any application for approval of the Proposed A Share Offering to any
regulatory authority in the PRC or elsewhere. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 26,
2026.

DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report were as follows:

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵) (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and General Manager)
Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強) (Chief Research Scientist)
Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝) (Vice Chairman and Senior Vice President)

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)
Mr. Dou Shuai (竇帥)
Mr. Zhang Jing (張晶)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)
Mr. Liu Zhuzhan (劉助展)(1)
Mr. Pan Jialin (潘嘉林)(2)

EMPLOYEE REPRESENTATIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Chai Yifei (柴亦飛)(3)

Notes:

(1)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan was appointed as an independent non-executive Director. With effect from December 19, 2025,
         Mr. Liu Zhuzhan resigned as an independent non-executive Director.

(2)      With effect from December 19, 2025, Mr. Pan Jialin was appointed as an independent non-executive Director.

(3)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Chai Yifei was appointed as an employee representative Director.




38           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.       Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company as at the date of this report are set out in
the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this report.

CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
(1)    With effect from March 31, 2025, Mr. Li Jianbin, an independent non-executive Director, ceased to be a member of
       the Nomination Committee; and Ms. Ke Yele, an independent non-executive Director, was appointed as a member
       of the Nomination Committee.

(2)    With effect from March 25, 2025, Dr. Dai served as a director of Shishuo Pilot Engineering Technology Research
       (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (式說領航工程技術研究（北京）有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

(3)    With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Chai Yifei ceased to be a Supervisor and was appointed as an employee
       representative Director.

(4)    With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan was appointed as an independent non-executive Director. With
       effect from December 19, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan resigned as an independent non-executive Director.

(5)    In September 2025, Mr. Li Jianbin was appointed as the chief financial officer at DP Technology and an independent
       non-executive director of CAI Holdings Limited (SEHK: 00080). In addition, Mr. Li Jianbin currently serves as an
       independent non-executive director of Gongniu Group Co., Ltd. (SSE: 603195) and an independent non-executive
       director of Chengdu Qushui Technology Co., Ltd. (SZSE: 301336).

(6)    Mr. Liu Chijin, an independent non-executive Director, ceased to be a director of Sanying Precision Instruments
       Co., Ltd. (天津三英精密儀器股份有限公司) (NEEQ: 839222) and an independent director of Yankuang (Shandong)
       Equity Interest Investment Management Co., Ltd. (兗礦（山東）股權投資管理有限責任公司).

(7)    Dr. Yang Qiang has retired as the Chair Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the Hong Kong
       University of Science and Technology. In addition, Dr. Yang Qiang was re-designated from Management Adviser to
       Adviser of WeBank Co., Ltd. (深圳前海微眾銀行股份有限公司), with effect from April 2025, and was appointed as
       an independent non-executive director of Knowledge Atlas Technology Joint Stock Company Limited (SEHK: 2513)
       since December 2025.

(8)    With effect from December 19, 2025, Mr. Pan Jialin was appointed as an independent non-executive Director.

Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, there are no other changes in the Directors and Chief Executive Officer that are
required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
For details of the Directors’ service contracts, please refer to the paragraph headed “Appointment and Re-election of
Directors” under the Corporate Governance Report contained in this report.

The Company has not entered into, and does not propose to enter into, any service contract with any of the Directors
in their respective capacities which cannot be terminated by the employer within one year without payment of any
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE BY INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
We have received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation of his/her independence pursuant
to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has duly reviewed the confirmation of independence of each of the
Directors. In our opinion, all the independent non-executive Directors are independent.
                                                                        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As far as the Company is aware, as at December 31, 2025, the interests and/or short positions (if applicable) of our
Directors and the chief executive of our Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or
any of its associated corporations of our Company (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required (a)
to be notified to our Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO);
 or (b) pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to our
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                   Approximate     Approximate     percentage
                                                                                                     percentage     percentage of shareholding
                                                                                                of shareholding of shareholding     in the total
                                                                   Capacity/         Number of      in Domestic     in H Shares   share capital
                                                                   Nature of             Shares        Shares of          of the         of the
Name                 Title                                          interest         interested the Company(2)       Company(3)     Company(4)

Dr. Dai(5) (6)       Chairman of the Board,                  Beneficial owner       106,164,523              53.38%                     –             20.43%
                       Executive Directors and                                         Domestic
                       Chief Executive Officer                                        Shares (L)

                                                         Interest in controlled      37,034,191              18.62%                     –              7.13%
                                                                 corporations          Domestic
                                                                                      Shares (L)

                                                         Interest in controlled      27,195,592                     –              8.48%               5.23%
                                                                 corporations      H Shares (L)(8)

Chai Yifei(7)        Employee Representative                 Beneficial owner         1,559,100                     –              0.49%               0.30%
                      Director                                                     H Shares (L)(8)

Notes:

(1)         (L) – Long position

(2)         The calculation is based on the total number of 198,869,237 issued Domestic Shares of the Company as at December 31, 2025.

(3)         The calculation is based on the total number of 320,809,496 issued H Shares of the Company as at December 31, 2025.

(4)         The calculation is based on the total number of 198,869,237 Domestic Shares and 320,809,496 issued H Shares of the Company as at December
            31, 2025.

(5)         As at December 31, 2025, Dr. Dai beneficially owned 106,164,523 Domestic Shares of the Company. In addition to his direct shareholding, Dr. Dai is
            also deemed to be interested in 37,034,191 Domestic Shares of the Company through the intermediaries he controlled under the SFO. Paradigm
            Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan own 31,981,367 Domestic Shares and 5,052,824 Domestic Shares of our Company, respectively. Dr. Dai,
            through Beijing New Wisdom, is the sole general partner of Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan. The spouse of Dr. Dai is also deemed to
            be interested in the Shares in which Dr. Dai is interested under the SFO.

(6)         Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan are indirectly controlled by Beijing New Wisdom, being the sole general partner of Paradigm
            Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan. Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan hold 23,689,267 H Shares and 3,506,325 H Shares, respectively.
            By virtue of SFO, each of Dr. Dai and Beijing New Wisdom (through his/its interest in a controlled corporation or controlled corporations, as the
            case may be) are deemed to be interested in the H Shares held by each of Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan.


40               Phancy Group Co., Ltd.       Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




(7)    On November 25, 2025, the Company granted 1,559,100 share options to Mr. Chai Yifei under the Share Option Scheme adopted on September
       19, 2024.

(8)    This includes 502,200 treasury shares held by the Company.


Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of our Directors, as at December 31, 2025, we were not aware of
any Director or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or
debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which (a) were
required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (b) were required,
pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSON’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As far as the Company is aware, as at December 31 2025, the persons, other than our Directors and the chief executive
of our Company, who had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by
our Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

Interests in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                  percentage of            Approximate
                                                                                                   shareholding           percentage of
                                                                                                    in Domestic            shareholding
                                                                                                       Shares/H              in the total
                                 Capacity/                              Number of Shares           Shares of the        share capital of
Name of Shareholder              Nature of interest                           interested             Company(2)          the Company(2)

Beijing New Wisdom(3) (4)        Interest in controlled               37,034,191 Domestic                 18.62%                    7.13%
                                 corporations                                    Shares (L)
                                 Interest in controlled                      27,195,592 H                   8.48%                   5.23%
                                 corporations                                    Shares (L)
Paradigm Investment(3)           Beneficial owner                     31,981,367 Domestic                 16.08%                    6.15%
                                                                                 Shares (L)
                                 Beneficial owner                            23,689,267 H                   7.38%                   4.56%
                                                                                 Shares (L)
Paradigm Chuqi(4)                Interest in controlled               31,981,367 Domestic                 16.08%                    6.15%
                                 corporations                                    Shares (L)
                                 Interest in controlled             23,689,267 H Shares (L)                 7.38%                   4.56%
                                 corporations
Fullgoal Fund Management         Investment manager                 19,684,400 H Shares (L)                 6.14%                   3.79%
   Company Limited
Xinhe No. 1(5)                   Beneficial owner                     12,077,978 Domestic                   6.07%                   2.32%
                                                                                Shares (L)
Xinhe No. 1                      Interest in controlled               12,077,978 Domestic                   6.07%                   2.32%
   Shareholders(5)               corporations                                   Shares (L)
Hu Yuanman(5)                    Interest in controlled               14,126,295 Domestic                   7.10%                   2.72%
                                 corporations                                   Shares (L)
Zhou Kui(6)                      Interest in controlled               18,941,724 Domestic                   9.52%                   3.64%
                                 corporations                                   Shares (L)


                                                                                   Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025          41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Notes:

(1)      (L) – Long position

(2)      The calculation is based on the total number of 198,869,237 Domestic Shares and 320,809,496 issued H Shares of the Company as at December
         31, 2025.

(3)      Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan are indirectly controlled by Beijing New Wisdom, being the sole general partner of Paradigm
         Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan. Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan hold (i) 31,981,367 Domestic Shares and 23,689,267 H Shares;
         and (ii) 5,052,824 Domestic Shares and 3,506,325 H Shares, respectively. By virtue of SFO, each of Dr. Dai and Beijing New Wisdom (through his/
         its interest in a controlled corporation or controlled corporations, as the case may be) are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each of
         Paradigm Investment and Paradigm Yinyuan.

(4)      Paradigm Chuqi (whose general partner is Beijing New Wisdom) is interested in more than one third of the limited partnership interest in Paradigm
         Investment. By virtue of SFO, Paradigm Chuqi is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Paradigm Investment.

(5)      Xinhe No.1 (Tianjin) Science and Technology Center (Limited Partnership) (“Xinhe No. 1”) directly holds 12,077,978 Domestic Shares. The
         general partner of Xinhe No.1 is Chunhua Mingde (Tianjin) Equity Investment Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Chunhua
         Mingde”) and the limited partner holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in Xinhe No. 1 is Chunhua Xinhe (Tianjin) Equity Investment
         Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Chunhua Xinhe”). The general partner of Chunhua Xinhe is Chunhua Mingde and the limited partner
         holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in Chunhua Xinhe is Primavera Capital Fund III L.P. (“Primavera”), which is owned as to
         66.70% by Hu Fred Zuliu.

         The general partner of Chunhua Mingde is Chunhua (Tianjin) Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“Chunhua Investment”), which is wholly-
         owned by Hu Yuanman. By virtue of the SFO, Chunhua Xinhe, Primavera, Hu Fred Zuliu, Chunhua Mingde, Chunhua Investment (collectively, the
         “Xinhe No. 1 Shareholders”) and Hu Yuanman are deemed to be interested in the Domestic Shares held by Xinhe No. 1.

         Qiushi Xingde (Tianjin) Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“Qiushi Xingde”) is indirectly controlled by Hu Yuanman, who directly holds
         2,048,317 Domestic Shares.

         By virtue of the SFO, Hu Yuanman is deemed to be interested in the Domestic Shares held by Qiushi Xingde.




42           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.        Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT




(6)   To the best knowledge of the Company, the general partner of Shenzhen HongShan Hanchen Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan
      Hanchen”) is Shenzhen HongShan Antai Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan Antai”) and the limited partner which holds more
      than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Hanchen is Shenzhen HongShan Yuechen Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan
      Yuechen”). The general partner of HongShan Yuechen is HongShan Antai and the limited partner holding more than one-third of the partnership
      interest in HongShan Yuechen is Shenzhen HongShan Yuchen Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“HongShan Yuchen”). The general partner
      of HongShan Yuchen is HongShan Antai. The general partner of HongShan Antai is Shenzhen HongShan Huanyu Investment Consulting Co., Ltd.
      (“HongShan Huanyu”), which is owned as to 70% by Zhou Kui.

      Beijing HongShan Mingde Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Mingde”) directly owns 6,352,978 Domestic Shares of
      the Company, its general partner is Beijing HongShan Kunde Investment Management Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Kunde”), and
      its limited partners holding more than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Mingde are Beijing HongShan Shengde Equity Investment
      Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Shengde”) and Beijing HongShan Kangde Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan
      Kangde”). The general partner of HongShan Kunde is Shanghai Huanyuan Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Huanyuan”) and
      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Huide Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Huide”) is the
      general partner of HongShan Shengde and HongShan Kangde respectively. The general partner of HongShan Huide is Shanghai Huanyuan, which
      is owned as to 70% by Zhou Kui.

      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Zhisheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Zhisheng”) directly
      owns 4,112,972 Domestic Shares of the Company, its general partner is Jiaxing HongShan Kunsheng Investment Management Partnership (Limited
      Partnership) (“HongShan Kunsheng”), and the limited partners who hold more than one-third of the partnership interest in HongShan Zhisheng
      are Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Mingsheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Mingsheng”) and
      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Jiasheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“HongShan Jiasheng”). HongShan
      Kunsheng is the general partner of HongShan Mingsheng and HongShan Jiasheng respectively, and the general partner of HongShan Kunsheng is
      Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area HongShan Huanjia Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“HongShan Huanjia”). HongShan Huanjia is owned as
      to 70% by Zhou Kui.

      By virtue of the SFO, Zhou Kui is deemed to be interested in HongShan Hanchen, HongShan Mingde and the Shares held by them.


Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of our Directors, as at December 31, 2025, we were not aware of
any other person (other than the Directors or the chief executive of our Company) who had an interest or short position in
the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which
would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred therein.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed herein, the Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreements during the Reporting Period.

RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its
subsidiaries a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors or Supervisors to acquire interests by means of
acquisition of Shares in or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of
their spouses or children under the age of 18 had any right to subscribe for interests or debentures of the Company or any
other body corporate or had exercised any such right.




                                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.       Annual Report 2025            43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) is
interested in any business (other than being a Director of the Company and/or its subsidiaries) which competes or is likely
to compete, directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group.

After review, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company are of the opinion that there was no conflict of
interest between the Group and the controlling shareholder during the Reporting Period.

RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Details of the Group’s related-party transactions during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 36 to the consolidated
financial statements contained in this report. For the year ended December 31, 2025, other than the remuneration of
Directors and Supervisors, which constitutes fully-exempt connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
and has complied with the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, none of the related-party transactions
disclosed in Note 36 to the consolidated financial statements constitute connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we did not
enter into any non-exempt connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that would be required to be
disclosed under Rules 14A.49 and 14A.71 of the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, during the Reporting Period, none of the Directors/Supervisors or entities
connected with the Directors/Supervisors had a material interest, directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or
contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party.

CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, no contract of significance for the provision of services has been entered into
among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the Controlling Shareholders or any of their subsidiaries during the year
ended December 31, 2025.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report with persons other
than the Directors or persons employed by the Company on a full-time basis.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, the Company had appropriate liability insurance in place for
its Directors.

INFORMATION ON TAX RELIEF FOR H SHAREHOLDERS
The Company is not aware of any tax relief available to Shareholders for holding its securities. Shareholders should seek
expert advice if they are unsure of the tax implications of purchasing, holding, selling, dealing in the Shares, or exercising
any of the rights attached to them.




44        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT




REMUNERATION POLICY AND REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
As at December 31, 2025, we had a total of 619 employees (as at December 31, 2024: 967 employees). Our success
depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. During the Reporting Period, the total staff
costs of the Group amounted to approximately RMB275.7 million, including wages, salaries, bonuses, share-based
compensation expenses, pension costs, other social security costs, housing benefits and other employee benefits.
We provide various incentives and benefits to our employees. We offer competitive salaries, bonuses and share-based
compensation to our employees, especially key employees.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, our Directors and Supervisors received their remuneration in the form of
salaries, social security, housing benefits and other employee benefits, contributions to employee pension plans, and
discretionary bonuses.

During the Reporting Period, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the Directors, Supervisors or the five highest
paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. During the year
ended December 31, 2025, no Director or Supervisor waived or agreed to waive any emoluments. Save as disclosed in
this annual report, there were no loans, quasi-loans and other transactions in favor of the Directors, controlled corporations
of the Directors and connected entities at the end of the Reporting Period or at any time during the period. There were no
significant transactions, arrangements and contracts concerning the Group’s business to which the Company was a party
and in which a Director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, at the end of the Reporting
Period or at any time during the period.

Details of the remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 11(b) to the
consolidated financial statements.

As required under PRC regulations, we participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by
applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, work-related injury, maternity,
and unemployment benefit plans.

To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of our workforce, we provide continuing education and training
programs, including internal and external training, for our employees to improve their technical, professional or management
skills. We also provide trainings programs to our employees from time to time to ensure their awareness and compliance
with our policies and procedures in various aspects.

Prior to the Listing, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the adoption of the Employee Incentive Scheme on
April 25, 2021. After the Listing, the Company adopted an equity incentive scheme (the “Equity Incentive Scheme”) on
September 19, 2024. The Equity Incentive Scheme consists of the H-Share RSU Scheme and the Partnership Employee
Stock Ownership Plan of the Company. In addition, the Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on September
19, 2024. We have granted and may grant options or share-based incentive awards to our employees in the future to
incentivize their contributions to our growth and development.

PENSION PLANS
Employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are required to contribute a certain percentage of their salaries to
a pension plan to fund the benefits. The Group’s only obligation with respect to the pension plan is to make specified
contributions. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not use forfeited contributions to reduce the current level of
contributions.




                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SHARE SCHEMES
On September 19, 2024, the shareholders’ meeting of the Company approved the Company’s equity incentive scheme (the
“Equity Incentive Scheme”) (including the Company’s H share restricted share unit scheme (the “H-Share Scheme”)
and the partnership employee stock ownership plan equity incentive scheme (the “Partnership Plan”)) and the share
option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”). The Equity Incentive Scheme constitutes a scheme referred to in Chapter
17 of the Listing Rules involving the existing Shares of the Company, and the Share Option Scheme constitutes a share
scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules involving the issuance of new Shares of the Company. For details, please
refer to the announcement and circular of the Company both dated August 30, 2024 and the announcement of the
Company dated September 19, 2024.

Equity Incentive Scheme
1A.   Equity Incentive Scheme Limit
      1A.1 (i) H Shares corresponding to the awards granted under the H-Share Scheme; and (ii) Shares of the
           Company corresponding to the incentive shares granted to the grantee on the grant date under the
           Partnership Plan shall not in aggregate exceed 5% (i.e. 23,283,271 Shares) of the total issued ordinary share
           capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the Adoption Date (the “Equity Incentive Scheme
           Limit”), representing 4.49% of the issued Shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares and shares
           repurchased but not yet cancelled) as at the date of this annual report. Awards that have lapsed under the
           H-Share Scheme are not counted as utilized for the purpose of determining the amount of utilization of the
           Equity Incentive Scheme Limit.

      1A.2 The Company may convene a shareholders’ meeting to seek Shareholders’ approval to refresh the Equity
           Incentive Scheme Limit. The Company is required to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and the
           requirements of the Listing Rules when seeking to refresh the Equity Incentive Scheme Limit.

H-Share Scheme
The principal terms of the H-Share Scheme are summarised below:

1.    Purposes of the Scheme
      The purposes of the H-Share Scheme are:

      (a)      to advocate a value-oriented performance culture, to establish a mechanism for profit-sharing and mutual
               accountability between Shareholders and eligible participants, to enhance the cohesion of the eligible
               participants, to strengthen the Company’s competitiveness, and to ensure the realization of the Company’s
               future development strategies and business objectives;

      (b)      to align the interests of the Shareholders, the Company, and grantees, ensuring that all parties are collectively
               focused on the Company’s sustained and healthy development, thereby bringing more efficient and long-
               lasting returns to the Company;

      (c)      to further improve the Group’s performance appraisal system and remuneration system in order to attract,
               retain and motivate talents required for the realization of the Group’s strategic objectives; and

      (d)      to establish a philosophy and a company culture in which employees and the Group work together for
               sustainable development.




46          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT




2.   Participants of the Scheme
     The eligible participants of the H-Share Scheme are directors and employees of the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries, and other persons eligible to participate in the H-Share Scheme as the Board or the authorized person
     may determine from time to time. In assessing the eligibility of an eligible participant, the Board or the authorized
     person shall give due consideration to all relevant factors, including, among others:

     (a)    their skills, knowledge, experience, expertise and other relevant personal strengths;

     (b)    their performance, time commitment, responsibilities or terms of employment and prevailing market practices
            and industry standards;

     (c)    the contribution he or she has made or is expected to make to the growth of the Group and the positive
            impact he or she may have on the business and development of the Group;

     (d)    his or her academic and professional qualifications and knowledge of the industry; and

     (e)    whether the granting of an Award to him or her is an appropriate incentive to motivate his or her continued
            contribution to the progress of the Group.

3.   Limit of the Scheme
     The H-Share Scheme is subject to the provisions of Rule 1A above.

4.   Individual Sub-Limit
     There is no limit on the number of Shares that may be granted to an individual participant under the H-Share
     Scheme.

5.   Duration of the Scheme
     Subject to the H-Share Scheme Rules, the H-Share Scheme shall be valid and effective for the award period (after
     which no further restricted share units will be granted), and thereafter for so long as there are any outstanding
     restricted share units that are granted but not yet vested hereunder prior to the expiration of the award period, the
     H-Share Scheme will continue to be extended until the vesting of such restricted share units is completed.

     The “Award Period” refers to the period commencing on the adoption date and ending on the business day
     immediately prior to the tenth (10th) anniversary of the adoption date. Accordingly, the remaining life of the H-Share
     Scheme is approximately eight years and five months as at the date of this annual report.

6.   Grant and Grant Price
     The Board or the authorized person may from time to time select any eligible participant as a selected participant
     and, subject to the rules of the H Share Scheme, grant an award to such selected participant during the award
     period conditional upon his or her compliance with the terms and conditions of the award for such award price
     as the Board or the authorized person shall then determine in its discretion as may be deemed necessary or
     appropriate after taking into account a number of factors, such as his or her job position, years of service,
     remuneration and contribution to the Company.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      47
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     Details of the grants during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                  Number of                                                                     Number of
                                                                                     Shares    Number of                 Number of    Number of    Number of       Shares
                                                                                  Underlying        RSUs                      RSUs         RSUs         RSUs    Underlying
                                                                                   Unvested      Granted                    Vested      Lapsed     Cancelled     Unvested
                                                                                  RSUs as at   During the                During the   During the   During the   RSUs as at
                                          Date of                                 January 1,   Reporting       Vesting   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
     Name                   Position       Grant Vesting Period                        2025        Period        Date        Period       Period       Period     31, 2025

     Other grantees                    2025-06-02 Vested immediately upon grant           0      178,444    2025-06-02     178,444            0            0            0
       (employees                      2025-09-01 Vested immediately upon grant           0       29,663    2025-09-01      29,663            0            0            0
       of the Group)                   2025-11-25 Vested immediately upon grant           0       27,500    2025-11-25      27,500            0            0            0


     Total                                                                                0      235,607                   235,607            0            0            0

     Notes:

     (1)         In respect of the grants described in the table above, the grantees were not required to pay any purchase price for the grant or vesting of
                 the RSUs, and the purchase price of the RSUs was nil.

     (2)         The closing prices immediately before the dates of grant of the RSUs granted during the reporting period were as follows: RSUs granted
                 on June 2, 2025: HK$42.25; RSUs granted on September 1, 2025: HK$60.15; and RSUs granted on November 25, 2025: HK$47.70.

     (3)         The fair values of the RSUs granted during the reporting period as at the dates of grant were as follows: June 2, 2025: HK$42.25;
                 September 1, 2025: HK$60.15; and November 25, 2025: HK$47.70. Please refer to note 27 to the financial statements for the accounting
                 standards and policies adopted.

     (4)         The RSUs granted during the reporting period vested immediately upon grant and were not subject to any vesting conditions.

     (5)         Save as disclosed in the table above, no RSUs were cancelled or lapsed during the reporting period.

     (6)         During 2025, other grantees (employees of the Group) were granted award shares comprising a total of 235,607 H shares. The weighted
                 average closing price of these shares before the relevant vesting dates in 2025 was HK$45.14.

     (7)         During 2025, the Company did not grant any RSUs to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals.


7.   Vesting
     The Board or the authorized person may from time to time while the H-Share Scheme is in force and subject to all
     applicable laws, rules and regulations, determine the vesting criteria, conditions or vesting periods for the award
     hereunder.

     If a vesting date is not a business day, the vesting date shall, subject to any trading halt or suspension in the H
     Shares, be the business day immediately thereafter. The vesting date is set out in the Award Letter by the Board or
     the authorized person.

     The vesting of awards granted under the H-Share Scheme is conditional upon the achievement of performance
     targets (if any) set out in the Award Letter.




48           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.        Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Partnership Plan
The principal terms of the Partnership Plan are summarised below:

1.    Purposes of the Plan
      The purposes of the Partnership Plan are:

      (a)    to advocate a value-oriented performance culture, to establish a mechanism for profit-sharing and mutual
             accountability between Shareholders and the management team of the Company, to enhance the cohesion
             of the management team of the Company, to strengthen the Company’s competitiveness, and to ensure the
             realization of the Company’s future development strategies and business objectives;

      (b)    to align the interests of the Shareholders, the Company, and grantees, ensuring that all parties are collectively
             focused on the Company’s sustained and healthy development, thereby bringing more efficient and long-
             lasting returns to the Company;

      (c)    to further improve the Group’s performance appraisal system and remuneration system in order to attract,
             retain and motivate talents required for the realization of the Group’s strategic objectives; and

      (d)    to establish a philosophy and a company culture in which employees and the Group work together for
             sustainable development.

2.    Grantees of the Plan
      The scope of grantees under the Partnership Plan is:

      (a)    Directors and senior management of the Group;

      (b)    the Group’s core technical staff, middle management and key employees with outstanding or special
             contributions in each department; and

      (c)    other persons who may participate in the Partnership Plan as determined by the Board of Directors or the
             authorized person.

      Grantees under the Partnership Plan shall meet the following basic criteria:

      (a)    to identify himself or herself with the Company’s philosophy;

      (b)    to be highly loyal to the Company;

      (c)    to make continuous efforts and contributions to the Group’s medium and long-term development or to play
             an important role during critical periods; and

      (d)    to have no shareholding in, position with, provision of service for or salary from any entity which is in business
             competition or potential business competition with the Group, no violation of laws and regulations in the
             recent three years, and no other circumstances required by laws and regulations or the Listing Rules to be
             prohibited for grantees.

3.    Limit of the Plan
      The Partnership Plan is subject to the provisions of Rule 1A above.


                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       49
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




4.    Individual Sub-Limit
      There is no limit on the number of Shares that may be granted to an individual participant under the Partnership
      Plan.

5.    Duration of the Plan
      Subject to early termination as determined by the Board under the Partnership Plan, the Partnership Plan shall
      remain in effect for a period of ten years from the adoption date, after which no further incentive shares shall be
      made. Accordingly, the remaining life of the Partnership Plan is approximately eight years and five months as at the
      date of this annual report.

6.    Grant, Grant Price and Vesting
      The Board of Directors or the authorized person shall determine the specific number of incentive shares to be
      granted to a grantee, the subscription price (if any) and the manner of grant after taking into account a number of
      factors, such as his or her job position, years of service, remuneration and contribution to the Company.

      The procedures for a grantee to acquire incentive shares are detailed below:

      (a)       The Board of Directors or the authorized person shall determine the list of grantees and the corresponding
                incentive shares;

      (b)       The grantees shall sign a share incentive agreement with the employee shareholding platform;

      (c)       The Board of Directors or the authorized person shall assist a grantee in completing the relevant procedure
                for registering the grantee as a limited partner of the employee shareholding platform within a reasonable
                period after the execution and effectiveness of the share incentive agreement.

                To reflect the market fairness of the subscription price for incentive shares and to incentivize outstanding
                employees, the subscription price shall be determined according to the provisions of the share incentive
                agreement, but under no circumstances shall the subscription price be lower than the minimum price allowed
                by Chinese law.

                During the Reporting Period, the Group has not yet granted any incentive shares under the Partnership Plan.

Share Option Scheme
The principal terms of the Share Option Scheme are summarised below:

1.    Purposes of the Scheme
      The purposes of the Share Option Scheme are:

      (i)       to attract, motivate and retain skilled and experienced personnel who are eligible persons to strive for the
                future development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the opportunity to own equity
                interests in the Company;

      (ii)      to deepen the reform on the Company’s remuneration system and to develop and constantly improve the
                interests balance mechanism among the Shareholders, the operational and executive management; and




50           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     (iii)   to (a) recognize the contributions of the management of the Company including the executive Directors,
             non-executive Directors and/or independent non-executive Directors; (b) encourage, motivate and retain the
             management of the Company whose contributions are beneficial to the continual operation, development
             and long-term growth of the Group; and (c) provide additional incentive for the leadership of the Company
             and long-standing employee by aligning the interests of the management of the Company with those of the
             Shareholders and the Group as a whole.

2.   Participants of the Scheme
     Participants who may participate in the scheme only include employee participants, being PRC or non-PRC
     directors and employees (whether full-time or part-time) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and persons
     who are granted options as an inducement to enter into employment contracts with the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries; Persons whom the Board or the scheme administrator consider(s), in their sole discretion, to have
     contributed or will contribute to the Group; and no individual who is resident in a place where the grant, acceptance,
     vesting or exercise of the options pursuant to the scheme is not permitted under the laws and regulations of
     such place or where, in the view of the Board or the scheme administrator, compliance with applicable laws and
     regulations in such place make it necessary or expedient to exclude such individual, shall be entitled to participate in
     the scheme.

     The participants will not include any related entity and service provider participant which has the meaning ascribed
     to them under Rule 17.03A(1) of the Listing Rules.

     In determining the employee participants, various factors will be assessed, including, among others, time
     commitment, responsibilities or employment conditions according to the prevailing market practice and industry
     standard, the length of engagement with the Group.

     In addition, the participants are determined in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, together with
     the actual circumstances and matters of the Company including the present and expected contribution of the
     relevant participant to the Group. No person shall be considered as a participant of the scheme if he or she:

     (a)     has been publicly reprimanded or deemed as an inappropriate candidate for similar award schemes or
             share incentive plans of a listed company by any securities regulatory bodies with authority in the last twelve
             months;

     (b)     has been imposed with penalties or is banned from trading securities by securities regulatory bodies due to
             material non-compliance with laws or regulations in the last twelve months;

     (c)     is prohibited from serving as a Director or the senior management of the Company under the Company Law
             of the PRC; or

     (d)     is prohibited by any applicable laws to participate in share schemes or share incentive plans of a listed
             company.

     The participants shall undertake that if any of the above provisions occur during implementation of the Scheme
     which would prevent them from being considered as a participant, they shall give up their rights to participate in the
     Scheme and shall not be given any compensation.




                                                                        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      51
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




3.   Limit of the Scheme
     The Company shall not make any further grant of Options which will result in the scheme limit being exceeded
     unless the Shareholders approve a further refreshment of the scheme limit or Shareholders’ approval has been
     obtained in compliance with the Listing Rules. The scheme limit will be 5% of the total number of issued Shares
     (excluding any treasury shares) as of the adoption date, i.e. 23,283,271 H Shares, representing 4.48% of the issued
     Shares (excluding treasury shares and shares repurchased but not yet cancelled) of the Company as at the date of
     this annual report.

4.   Individual Sub-Limit
     Where any grant of options to a grantee would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all
     options and awards granted to such person, pursuant to the Share Option Scheme and any other share scheme
     adopted by the Company (excluding options or awards lapsed in accordance with relevant scheme rules), in the
     12-month period up to and including the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 1% of the total number
     of issued Shares (excluding any treasury shares) at the relevant time, such grant must be separately approved by
     Shareholders in a shareholders’ meeting with such grantee and their close associates (or associates if the grantee is
     a connected person of the Company) to abstain from voting.

     Where any grant of options to an independent non-executive Director or a substantial Shareholder of the Company,
     or any of their respective associates, would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options
     and awards granted (excluding options or awards lapsed in accordance with the relevant scheme rules) to such
     person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of
     the total number of issued Shares (excluding any treasury shares) at the relevant time, such further grant of options
     must be approved by Shareholders in shareholders’ meeting, in which case the Company will send a circular to the
     Shareholders. The grantee, his/her associates and all core connected persons of the Company will abstain from
     voting in favour at such shareholders’ meeting. The Company will also comply with the requirements under Rules
     13.40, 13.41 and 13.42 of the Listing Rules.

5.   Duration of the Scheme
     Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the scheme rules, the scheme shall be valid and effective for the
     Scheme Period of ten years commencing from the date on which the Share Option Scheme is approved by the
     Shareholders, after which no further options shall be granted. However, as long as there are any options that have
     been before the expiry of the scheme, options granted prior to such termination shall continue to be valid and
     exercisable in accordance with the scheme.

     Accordingly, the remaining life of the Share Option Scheme is approximately eight years and five months as at the
     date of this annual report.

6.   Grant and Grant Price
     Each offer of an option (the “Offer”) shall be in writing made to a participant by letter in such form as the Board or
     the scheme administrator may from time to time determine at its discretion (the “Offer Letter”). The Offer Letter
     shall state, among others, the period during which the option may be exercised (the “Option Period”), which period
     is to be determined and notified by the Board but shall expire in any event not later than the last day of the 10-year
     period after the date of grant of the option.

     The Board may specify in the Offer Letter any conditions which must be satisfied before the option may be
     exercised, including without limitation such performance targets (if any) and minimum periods for which an option
     must be held before it can be exercised and any other terms in relation to the exercise of the option, including
     without limitation such percentages of the options that can be exercised during a certain period of time, as the
     Board may determine from time to time.

52      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT




The Board shall specify in the Offer Letter a date by which the grantee must accept the Offer, being a date no later
than 14 business days after the date on which the option is offered (the “Offer Date”).

No consideration is payable on acceptance of each grant of options by a participant.

No grant of any option to any participant may be made with respect to a grant of an option under certain
circumstances including:

(a)   where the requisite approval from any applicable regulatory authorities has not been granted, provided that to
      the extent permissible under applicable laws, an option may be made conditional upon such approval being
      obtained;

(b)   where any member of the Group will be required under applicable laws to issue a prospectus or other offer
      documents in respect of such options or the scheme;

(c)   where such options would result in a breach by any member of the Group or its directors of any applicable
      laws in any jurisdiction;

(d)   where such grant of options would result in a breach of the scheme limit or the 1% individual limit or the
      minimum public float requirement as required under the Listing Rules (or the minimum percentage of public
      float as prescribed by the Stock Exchange), or would otherwise cause the Company to issue H Shares in
      excess of the permitted amount in the mandate approved by the Shareholders;

(e)   where an option is granted to, or for the benefit of, a connected person of the Company, which requires
      specific approval of the Shareholders under the Listing Rules, until such Shareholders’ approval is obtained,
      provided that to the extent permissible under applicable laws, such Offer may be made conditional upon
      such Shareholders’ approval being obtained;

(f)   after the expiry of the scheme period or after the earlier termination of the scheme;

(g)   where the Company has come to knowledge of any inside information (as defined in the SFO), until (and
      including) the trading day after the Company has announced the information;

(h)   in circumstances prohibited by the Listing Rules or where dealings by the participant will be prohibited under
      any code or requirement of the Listing Rules or any applicable laws;

(i)   during the period commencing 30 days immediately before the earlier of:

      i.     the date of the Board meeting (as such date is first notified to the Stock Exchange under the Listing
             Rules) for approving the results of the Company for any year, half-year, quarterly or any other interim
             period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules); and

      ii.    the deadline for the Company to announce its results for any year or half-year under the Listing Rules,
             or quarterly or any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules),

(j)   and ending on the date of the results announcement, provided that such period will also cover any period of
      delay in the publication of any results announcement.




                                                                 Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     53
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     The exercise price shall be a price determined by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion and notified to an
     eligible person, but in any event must be at least the highest of:

     the official closing price of the H Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange on the Offer
     Date;

     the average of the official closing price of the H Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange
     for the five (5) business days immediately preceding the Offer Date; and the nominal value of an H Share.

7.   Vesting
     Subject to the relevant provisions under the scheme, the vesting period and the vesting conditions, if any, may be
     determined by the Board or the scheme administrator from time to time during the scheme period and subject to
     applicable laws and regulations, provided however that the vesting period shall not be less than twelve months,
     except that any options granted to an employee participant may be subject to a shorter vesting period including
     where:

     (a)      grants of “Make Whole” options to new employee participants to replace options and/or awards that such
              employee participants forfeited when leaving their previous employers;

     (b)      grants to an employee participant whose employment is terminated due to death or disability or event of
              force majeure;

     (c)      grants of options which are subject to fulfillment of performance targets as determined in the conditions of
              their grant;

     (d)      grants of options the timing of which is determined by administrative or compliance requirements not
              connected with the performance of the relevant employee participant, in which case the vesting date may
              be adjusted to take account of the time from which the options would have been granted if not for such
              administrative or compliance requirements;

     (e)      grants of options with a mixed vesting schedule such that the options vest evenly over a period of twelve
              months; or

     (f)      grants of options with a total vesting period of more than twelve months, such as where the options may vest
              by several batches with the first batch to vest within twelve months of the grant date and the last batch to
              vest twelve months after the grant date.

     Unless otherwise specified in the Offer Letter approved by the Board or the scheme administrator, all options under
     the scheme shall be vested in a number of tranches. The specific commencement and duration of each vesting
     period and the actual vesting amount of the options granted to a participant for the respective vesting periods shall
     be specified in the Offer Letter approved by the Board or the scheme administrator.

     Subject to the Board or the scheme administrator setting at their discretion performance objectives for options
     under the scheme, vesting of the options granted under the scheme is subject to the conditions of the performance
     indicators of the Company and any other applicable vesting conditions as set out in the Offer Letter. If the Participant
     fails to fulfil the vesting conditions applicable to the relevant Options, all the H Shares underlying the relevant Options
     which may otherwise be vested during the respective vesting periods shall not be vested and become immediately
     lapsed with respect to such Participant.



54         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                  Details of the options/incentive shares granted to the participants of the Share Option Scheme and the movements
                  during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                   Outstanding      Granted       Vested    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                    Number of                                                                                                                             as at   during the   during the   during the   during the   during the      as at
                                      options Vesting                                                       Exercise                                                January 1,    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December 31,
Grantee              Grant date       granted period                                                        period                          Exercise price                2025        Period       Period       Period       Period       Period      2025

Director
Mr. Chai Yifei       November 25,   1,559,100 Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting conditions      The exercise period shal be        HK$48.38 per H Share             –    1,559,100            –            –            –           –     1,559,100
 (employee             2025                      specified below, the share options shal vest in four       four years commencing
 representative                                  instal ments over four years as fol ows: (1) 25% on the    from the date of vesting,
 Director)                                       first anniversary of the date of grant; (2) 25% on the     and any unexercised
                                                 second anniversary of the date of grant; (3) 25% on the    portion shal automatical y
                                                 third anniversary of the date of grant; and (4) 25% on     lapse upon the expiry of
                                                 the fourth anniversary of the date of grant.               such four-year period.
Others
Employees of         November 19,   5,124,445 Subject to the fulfilment of the performance target, 25% of Valid for 4 years from the date   HK$41.19 per H Share     5,124,445            –            –            –            –           –     5,124,445
  the Group            2024                      the options granted shal be vested on November 19,           of vesting and lapse at the
                                                 2025; 25% of the options granted shal be vested on           expiry of such period.
                                                 November 19, 2026; 25% of the options granted shal
                                                 be vested on November 19, 2027; and the remaining
                                                 25% of the options granted wil be vested on November
                                                 19, 2028Note 1.

Employees of         November 25,   8,244,600 Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting conditions      The exercise period shal be        HK$48.38 per H Share             –    8,244,600            –            –            –           –     8,244,600
 the Group             2025                      specified below, the share options shal vest in four       four years commencing
                                                 instal ments over four years as fol ows: (1) 25% on the    from the date of vesting,
                                                 first anniversary of the date of grant; (2) 25% on the     and any unexercised
                                                 second anniversary of the date of grant; (3) 25% on the    portion shal automatical y
                                                 third anniversary of the date of grant; and (4) 25% on     lapse upon the expiry of
                                                 the fourth anniversary of the date of grant.               such four-year period.


Total                –              14,928,145 –                                                            –                               –                        5,124,445    9,803,700            –            –            –           –    14,928,145


Notes:

1.                The share options shall be subject to the individual performance target as set out in our employee incentive vesting assessment measures.

2.                The closing price of the H Shares immediately prior to the date of grant, November 19, 2024, was HK$36.60 per Share.

3.                The weighted average fair value of the share options granted on November 19, 2024 at the date of grant was RMB13.89 per Share. For a summary
                  of significant accounting policies and the accounting standards adopted, please refer to Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.

4.                The closing price of the H Shares immediately prior to the date of grant, November 25, 2025, was HK$47.70 per Share.

5.                The weighted average fair value of the share options granted on November 25, 2025 at the date of grant was RMB16.20 per Share. For a summary
                  of significant accounting policies and the accounting standards adopted, please refer to Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                             Phancy Group Co., Ltd.                         Annual Report 2025                          55
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




For details of the aggregate 5,124,445 share options granted on November 19, 2024, please refer to the Company’s
announcement published on the same date.

For details of the aggregate 9,803,700 share options granted on November 25, 2025, please refer to the Company’s
announcement published on the same date.

At the beginning of the Reporting Period, the number of Shares available for grant under share options was 18,149,521
shares. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of Shares available for future grant under the scheme mandate
limit of the Share Option Scheme was 8,345,821 Shares.

During the Reporting Period, the number of Shares that may be issued for the options and awards granted under all share
schemes of the Company (i.e. 9,803,700 Shares) divided by the weighted average number of ordinary Shares in issue
(excluding treasury shares) of 500,024,828 during the Reporting Period was approximately 2.0%.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the revenue of the five largest customers of the Group accounted for 57.6% of the
total revenue of the Group. In addition, the revenue of the single largest customer of the Group accounted for 26.9% of the
total revenue of the Group for the same period.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the purchase of the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for 31.8% of the
total purchases of the Group. In addition, the purchase of the single largest supplier of the Group accounted for 7.4% of
the total purchases of the Group for the same period.

To the reasonable knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholder
(which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding
treasury shares)) has any interest in any of the five largest suppliers or customers.




56        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 308,900 Shares (the “Repurchased Shares”) on
the Stock Exchange for a total consideration (before expenses) of HK$11,711,150. The Board is of the view that the
repurchase of shares under the prevailing market conditions will demonstrate the Company’s confidence in its business
development and future prospects, ultimately generate benefits for the Company and create value returns for shareholders,
and is in the overall interests of the Company and its Shareholders. Details of the Repurchased Shares are set out below:

                                                                                                                  Total
                                                    Number of                                             consideration
                                                  Repurchased           Price paid per Share                    (before
Month                                                  Shares            Highest         Lowest              expenses)
                                                                            (HK$)          (HK$)

April 2025                                              308,900             40.20              35.95          11,711,150


Total                                                   308,900                                               11,711,150

During the Reporting Period, the trustee of the Equity Incentive Scheme purchased a total of 235,700 H Shares on the
Stock Exchange for an aggregate consideration (before expenses) of HK$10,872,950 in accordance with the rules of the
Equity Incentive Scheme and the terms of the trust deed.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including transfer of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period.

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company held a total of 186,100 H Shares which have been repurchased but
not yet cancelled and 502,200 H Shares which have been repurchased and retained as treasury shares. The treasury
shares are intended to be used for employee incentives, sale or transfer to obtain liquidity and other purposes, as
determined by the Board of Directors.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group donated money and supplies totaling RMB2,000,000 to external parties.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
The Company did not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board is committed to achieving good standards of corporate governance.

The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential for providing the Company with a framework
to safeguard shareholders’ interests, enhance corporate value, formulate business strategies and policies, and improve
transparency and accountability.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions under Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.




                                                                      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     57
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




In the opinion of the Directors, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all code provisions set out in
the CG Code save as the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as set out below:

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are expected to comply with,
but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the responsibilities between Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company has not separated the roles
of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, and currently, Dr. Dai holds both positions. Dr. Dai has assumed the
role of Chief Executive Officer of our Company since 2015. He has extensive experience in the business operations and
management of our Group and in the AI industry. Given his experience, personal qualifications, and role in the Company,
the Board believes that Dr. Dai is the most suitable Director to identify strategic opportunities and serve as the core of the
Board due to his comprehensive understanding of our business as the Chief Executive Officer. The Board also believes that
having the same individual serve as both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can (i) ensure unified leadership within the
Group, (ii) make the Board’s overall strategic planning and execution of strategic measures more effective and efficient, and
(iii) facilitate the flow of information between management and the Board. The Board believes that the current arrangement
will not impair the balance of power and authority, and this arrangement will enable the Company to make and implement
decisions swiftly and effectively. The Board will continue to review and, taking into account the overall situation of the
Group, consider separating the roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at an appropriate time.

The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with
the CG Code and maintain high standards of corporate governance.

Save as disclosed herein, the Group has complied with the code provisions set out in the CG Code throughout the
Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 were audited by CL Partners
CPA Limited.

PricewaterhouseCoopers served as the Company’s auditor for 2023 and 2024.

On June 26, 2025, the Shareholders considered and approved the resolution on the appointment of CL Partners CPA
Limited as the auditor of the Company for the year 2025 at the AGM. PricewaterhouseCoopers ceased to serve as the
auditor of the Company upon conclusion of the AGM. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company
dated May 27, 2025 and June 26, 2025.

The name of CL Partners CPA Limited has been changed to Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited.

All reports and chapters referenced in this Report shall form part of the Directors’ Report.

                                                                                                By order of the Board
                                                                                               Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Dai Wenyuan
                                                                                                      Chairman

                                                                                           Beijing, the PRC, March 30, 2026




58        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE
With a mission of “AI for Everyone,” the Company strives to bring the advantages of the AI era to all.

The Company strives to ensure that it operates its business with high ethical business standards, reflecting its firm belief
that it must act with integrity, transparency and accountability if it is to achieve its long-term business objectives. The
Company believes that adherence to this philosophy will maximize returns for Shareholders in the long run, and that
employees, business partners and the communities in which the Company operates will also benefit from it.

Corporate governance is the process by which the Board guides the Group’s management on how to operate the business
to ensure that business objectives are achieved. The Board is committed to maintaining and establishing sound corporate
governance practices to ensure:

–      Satisfactory and sustainable returns to Shareholders;

–      Protection of the interests of those who do business with the Company;

–      Understanding and appropriate management of overall business risk;

–      Provision of quality products and services to satisfy its customers; and

–      Maintaining of high standards of business ethics.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board is committed to achieving good corporate governance standards.

The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company to
safeguard the interests of the Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate our business strategies and policies and
enhance its transparency and accountability.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.

In the opinion of the Directors, throughout the period from the Listing Date to the Reporting Period, the Company complied
with all code provisions set out in the CG Code save as Code Provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code set out
below.

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are expected to comply with,
but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the responsibilities between Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company does not have a separate
chairman and chief executive officer and Dr. Dai currently performs these two roles. Details of the roles of the Chairman
and the Chief Executive Officer are set out on Page 61 in the section headed “Board of Directors– Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer” of this Corporate Governance Report.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group complied with the code provisions set out in the CG Code throughout the
Reporting Period and up to the date of this report. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate
governance practices on a regular basis to ensure compliance with the CG Code and to maintain its high standards of
corporate governance practices.



                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     59
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding Directors’ securities transactions. After the Company made specific enquiries with the Directors, all of the
Directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code throughout the
Reporting Period.

The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company, are
also subject to the Model Code. During the Reporting Period, no incidents of non-compliance with the Model Code by
employees have come to the attention of the Company.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board. The Board oversees the business, strategic decisions and performance of
the Group and makes decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.

The Board should regularly review the contribution required from the Directors to perform their responsibilities to the
Company and whether the Directors are spending sufficient time performing them.

DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report were as follows:

Executive Directors
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵) (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and General Manager)
Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強) (Chief Research Scientist)
Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝) (Vice Chairman and Senior Vice President)

Non-executive Directors
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)
Mr. Dou Shuai (竇帥)
Mr. Zhang Jing (張晶)

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)
Mr. Liu Zhuzhan (劉助展)(1)
Mr. Pan Jialin (潘嘉林)(2)

Employee Representative Director
Mr. Chai Yifei (柴亦飛)(3)

Notes:

(1)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan was appointed as an independent non-executive Director. With effect from December 19, 2025,
         Mr. Liu Zhuzhan resigned as an independent non-executive Director.

(2)      With effect from December 19, 2025, Mr. Pan Jialin was appointed as an independent non-executive Director.


(3)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Chai Yifei was appointed as an employee representative Director.


60           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.       Annual Report 2025
                                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The biographies of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this report.

Save as disclosed under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”, to the best knowledge of the Company,
there are no other financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships among the members of the Board.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code provides that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. During the Reporting Period, the roles of Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company are performed by Dr. Dai.

Dr. Dai has assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer of our Company since 2015. He has extensive experience in
the business operations and management of our Group and in the AI industry. Our Board believes that, in view of his
experience, personal profile and his roles in our Company as mentioned above, Dr. Dai is the Director best suited to
identify strategic opportunities and focus of the Board due to his extensive understanding of our business as our Chief
Executive Officer. The Board also believes that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same
person has the benefit of (i) ensuring consistent leadership within the Group, (ii) enabling more effective and efficient overall
strategic planning and execution of strategic initiatives of the Board, and (iii) facilitating the flow of information between the
management and the Board for the Group. The Board considers that the balance of power and authority for the present
arrangement will not be impaired, and this arrangement will enable the Company to make and implement decisions
promptly and effectively.

The Board will continue to review and will separate the roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company at an appropriate time, taking into account the overall situation of the Group.

Independent non-executive Directors
Throughout the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board complied with the requirements set out in Rules 3.10 and 3.10
(A) of the Listing Rules in relation to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, the possession
of appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise by at least one of the
independent non-executive Directors and the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least
one-third of the Board.

The Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual written confirmation of his/her
independence pursuant to the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the Board
considers all independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

Board Independence Assessment
The Board has established a mechanism to ensure that it has access to independent views and opinions. The Board
ensures that at least three independent non-executive Directors are appointed and at least one-third of the Board
members are independent non-executive Directors. In addition, the independent non-executive Directors will be appointed
as members of the Board committees in accordance with the Listing Rules to ensure independent views and opinions as
far as practicable. The Nomination Committee strictly adheres to the independence assessment criteria for the nomination
and appointment of independent non-executive Directors as set out in the Listing Rules and is obliged to assess the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors on an annual basis so as to ensure that they can exercise
independent judgment on a continuous basis.

The Board considers the results of the assessment of the Board’s independence for the year ended December 31, 2025
were satisfactory.



                                                                           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025       61
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Each of the Directors has entered into a service contract or letter of appointment with the Company. The key elements
of such service contracts or letters of appointment include (a) a term of office commencing on the date the election is
approved at a shareholders’ meeting and ending on the date of expiration of the term of office of the Board members; and
(b) termination provisions pursuant to the terms of the contracts. A Director shall be eligible for re-election, subject to the
approval of the Shareholders. Service contracts or letters of appointment may be renewed in accordance with the Articles
of Association and applicable rules.

Moreover, the Company or its subsidiaries did not enter into any service contracts with the Directors proposed for re-
election at the forthcoming annual shareholders’ meeting of the Company which is not determinable within one year
without compensation (other than statutory compensation).

The procedures and processes for the appointment, re-election and removal of the Directors are set out in the Articles of
Association.

Pursuant to Article 106 of the Company’s Articles of Association, the Directors are elected or replaced by the Shareholders
at a shareholders’ meeting for a term of three years and may be removed from office by the Shareholders at a
shareholders’ meeting prior to the expiration of their terms of office. Directors may be re-elected upon expiration of their
terms of office.

The term of office of a Director shall be counted from the date on which the shareholders’ meeting’s resolution of electing
him/her as a Director is adopted (unless otherwise provided by the resolution of such shareholders’ meeting) and shall
end upon the expiration of the term of office of such Director. If a Director fails to be re-elected in time upon the expiration
of his/her term of office, the original Director shall still perform his/her duties as a Director in accordance with laws,
administrative regulations, departmental rules and the Articles of Association until the re-elected Director takes office.

Duties, Responsibilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board shall be responsible for leading and controlling the Company and jointly responsible for directing and supervising
the affairs of the Company.

The Board, directly and indirectly through its committees, provides leadership and guidance to management, monitors
the Group’s operational and financial performance and ensures the establishment of sound internal control and risk
management systems by formulating strategies and overseeing their implementation.

All Directors (including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors) bring to the Board a wide range
of valuable business experience, knowledge and expertise to enable the Board to operate efficiently and effectively. The
independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring that the Company has a high standard of regulatory
reporting, acting as an equalizer on the Board, and making effective independent judgments on corporate actions and
operations.

All Directors have full and timely access to all information relating to the Company and may request, where appropriate, to
seek independent professional advice in the discharge of their duties with the Company at the Company’s expense.

The Directors are required to disclose to the Company the details of other offices held by them.




62        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Board reserves the right to make decisions on all important matters relating to the Company’s policies, strategies and
budgets, internal control and risk management, major transactions (particularly those that may involve conflicts of interest),
financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters. The responsibilities relating to the
execution of Board decisions, direction and coordination of the day-to-day operation and management of the Company
are delegated to the management.

The Company has arranged appropriate Directors and Officers Liability Insurance to provide protection against any legal
action brought against them as a result of their corporate activities.

Continuing Professional Development for Directors
Directors should keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to perform their duties effectively and
ensure that they continue to make informed and relevant contributions to the Board.

Each newly appointed Director has received formal and comprehensive induction training upon his/her first appointment to
ensure that the Director has a proper understanding of the business and operations of the Company and fully understands
the duties and obligations of a Director under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements. Such induction training
should be supplemented by regular meetings with the Group’s senior management to understand the Group’s business,
governance policies and regulatory environment.

Directors should engage in appropriate continuing professional development to develop and update their knowledge and
skills. The Company arranges internal briefings for Directors and will provide them with reading materials on relevant topics
when appropriate. The Company encourages all Directors to attend relevant training programs at the Company’s expense.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Directors were provided with information on an ongoing basis on
developments in the legal and regulatory regime and in the business and market environment to assist them in discharging
their duties. The Company and its professional advisers arrange ongoing briefings and professional development for the
Directors.




                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      63
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                                                                                    Participation
                                                                                                                                    in continuing
                                                                                                                                     professional
Director                                                                                                                         development Note

Executive Directors
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵)                                                                                                                           ✓
Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強)                                                                                                                          ✓
Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝)                                                                                                                           ✓

Non-executive Directors
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                                                                                                             ✓
Mr. Dou Shuai (竇帥)                                                                                                                              ✓
Mr. Zhang Jing (張晶)                                                                                                                             ✓

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)                                                                                                                            ✓
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                                                                                                            ✓
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)                                                                                                                               ✓
Mr. Liu Zhuzhan (劉助展)(2)                                                                                                                        ✓
Mr. Pan Jialin (潘嘉林)(3)                                                                                                                         ✓

Employee Representative Director
Mr. Chai Yifei (柴亦飛)(4)                                                                                                                         ✓

Notes:

(1)      Attendance at training/seminars/meetings organized by the Company or other external organizations, or reading of related materials

(2)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan was appointed as an independent non-executive Director. With effect from December 19, 2025,
         Mr. Liu Zhuzhan resigned as an independent non-executive Director.

(3)      With effect from December 19, 2025, Mr. Pan Jialin was appointed as an independent non-executive Director.

(4)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Chai Yifei was appointed as an employee representative Director.




64           Phancy Group Co., Ltd.        Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Attendance at Board and Committee Meetings
The Board held 9 Board meetings during the Reporting Period. The attendance of the Directors at Board and committee
meetings and shareholders’ meetings of the Company, either in person or by electronic communication, during the
Reporting Period is detailed in the table below:

                                                                       Attendance/number of meetings held during the Reporting Period
                                                                   Board of           Audit Remuneration          Nomination Shareholders’
Director                                                           Directors     Committee       Committee        Committee          meetings

Executive Directors
Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵)                                                     9/9                  –                  –             3/3             2/2
Mr. Chen Yuqiang (陳雨強)                                                    9/9                  –                  –               –             2/2
Mr. Yu Zhonghao (于中灝)                                                     9/9                  –                  –               –             2/2

Non-executive Directors
Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強)                                                       9/9                3/3                 7/7              –             2/2
Mr. Dou Shuai (竇帥)                                                        9/9                  –                   –              –             2/2
Mr. Zhang Jing (張晶)                                                       9/9                  –                   –              –             2/2

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱)                                                      9/9                3/3                 7/7              –             2/2
Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金)                                                      9/9                3/3                   –            3/3             2/2
Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂)                                                         9/9                  –                 7/7            3/3             2/2
Mr. Liu Zhuzhan (劉助展)(1)                                                  5/5                  –                   –              –             0/0
Mr. Pan Jialin (潘嘉林)(2)                                                   0/0                  –                   –              –             1/1

Employee Representative Director
Mr. Chai Yifei (柴亦飛)(3)                                                   5/5                  –                  –               –             1/1

Notes:

(1)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Liu Zhuzhan was appointed as an independent non-executive Director. With effect from December 19, 2025,
         Mr. Liu Zhuzhan resigned as an independent non-executive Director.

(2)      With effect from December 19, 2025, Mr. Pan Jialin was appointed as an independent non-executive Director.

(3)      With effect from June 26, 2025, Mr. Chai Yifei was appointed as an employee representative Director.


At the Board meetings held during the Reporting Period, the Board discussed a number of matters including the
Company’s financial and operational performance, the Company’s approved annual results, interim results, the business
outlook and other significant matters.

During the Reporting Period, Dr. Dai (Chairman of the Board) held three meetings with the independent non-executive
Directors without the presence of other Directors.




                                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.       Annual Report 2025       65
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee, to oversee specific areas of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees established by the
Company have specific written terms of reference which clearly define their powers and duties and are provided with
sufficient resources to discharge their duties. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee
and the Nomination Committee are available on the website of the Company and the website of the Stock Exchange, and
Shareholders may request for such information.

The chairpersons and members of each of the Board committees are listed in the “Corporate Information” section of this
annual report.

Audit Committee
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised three members, including two independent non-
executive Directors and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Li Jianbin (李建濱), Mr. Liu Chijin (劉持金) and Dr. Yang
Qiang (楊強). Mr. Li Jianbin, being the chairman of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules
3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee has adopted written terms of reference which deal clearly
with its duties and responsibilities (the terms of reference are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock
Exchange).

The Audit Committee discharges its responsibilities mainly in the following aspects: (1) truthfulness of financial reports
and procedures for financial reporting; (2) effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems; (3) ensuring
the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of the accounting and financial reporting staff in accounting,
internal audit and financial reporting functions and their staff training programs and budget expenditure; (4) reviewing the
findings of internal investigations and management’s response regarding any suspected fraudulent activities or irregularities
or suspected violations of laws, rules and regulations; (5) assessing whether the Company has any significant failings or
weaknesses in internal control, etc.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the financial results and report for the year ended December 31, 2025 and Interim
results and report for the six months ended June 30, 2025, and has confirmed that it has complied with all applicable
accounting principles, standards and requirements and that adequate disclosures have been made. The Audit Committee
has discussed the audit and financial reporting matters. The Audit Committee has reviewed important matters relating
to financial reporting, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and internal audit function,
the change of an external auditor, and arrangements for employees to report possible misconduct. The Audit Committee
conducts an annual review on the risk management and internal control systems.

The attendance record of the Audit Committee for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out in “Attendance at Board
and Committee Meetings” .

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board did not deviate from any of the recommendations made by the Audit
Committee with respect to the selection, appointment, resignation or removal of the external auditor.

Remuneration Committee
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee comprised three members, including two independent
non-executive Directors and one non-executive Director, namely, Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂), Dr. Yang Qiang (楊強) and Mr. Li
Jianbin (李建濱). Ms. Ke Yele serves as the chairlady of the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has
adopted written terms of reference which deal clearly with its duties and responsibilities (the terms of reference are available
on the websites of the Company and Stock Exchange).

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on remuneration policies, assessing
performance of executive Directors, terms of executive Directors’ services contracts and reviewing matters relating to share
scheme. The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
executive Directors and senior management.

66        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held 7 meetings. During the meetings, the Remuneration
Committee reviewed, among others, the remuneration policy and remuneration packages of the Directors and senior
management and provided recommendations to the Board in this regard. Details of the meetings include: providing
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive directors, non-executive directors
and senior management; and reviewing and/or approving matters in connection with share scheme pursuant to Chapter
17 of the Listing Rules.

The following table sets out the range of remuneration payable to the Company’s senior management (other than Directors)
for the year ended December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                                  Number of
Remuneration                                                                                                       members

Nil to HK$1 million                                                                                                          1
HK$20.5 million to HK$21 million (Note)                                                                                      1

Total                                                                                                                        2

Note: Such remuneration includes the fair value of share-based payment of approximately RMB 18.15 million.

Further details of the remuneration payable to the Directors and the five highest paid individuals for the year ended
December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 11(b) and Note 11(a) to the consolidated financial statements in this report,
respectively.

Nomination Committee
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprised three members, including one executive
Director and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵), Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂) and Mr.
Liu Chijin (劉持金). Dr. Dai Wenyuan serves as the chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee has
adopted written terms of reference which deal clearly with its duties and responsibilities (the terms of reference are available
on the websites of the Company and Stock Exchange). With effect from March 31, 2025, Mr. Li Jianbin, an independent
non-executive Director, ceased to be a member of the Nomination Committee; and Ms. Ke Yele, an independent non-
executive Director, was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee.

In evaluating the composition of the Board, the Nomination Committee considers a number of dimensions and factors
relating to Board diversity as set out in the Company’s Board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”). The
Nomination Committee discusses and agrees, as necessary, on measurable objectives for Board diversity and makes
recommendations to the Board for adoption.

In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorship, the Nomination Committee considers, where appropriate,
whether a candidate meets the relevant criteria set out in the Company’s policy on nomination of directors (the “Director
Nomination Policy”) that are necessary to complement the Company’s strategy and to achieve Board diversity before
making recommendations to the Board.

The Board has reviewed its structure, size and composition and the independence of the independent non-executive
Directors, and considers that the Board maintained an appropriate balance in terms of diversity of membership in 2025.

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held 3 meetings. During the meetings, the Nomination Committee
reviewed, among others, the structure, number of members and composition of the Board and the independence of the
independent non-executive Directors. Details of the meetings include: the review of the independence of independent non-
executive directors; the review of the structure, size and composition of the Board as well as the Board’s diversity policy;
and the nomination of new Directors.

                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       67
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Board Diversity Policy
The Company is committed to promoting the culture of diversity. It has strived to promote diversity to the extent practicable
by taking into consideration a number of factors in its corporate governance structure.

The Company has adopted the Board Diversity Policy which sets out the objective and approach to achieve and maintain
diversity of its Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, we seek
to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age,
race, cultural background, educational background, industry experience and professional experience. The Directors have
a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including knowledge and experience in the areas of business management,
computer science, Al technology, legal, economics, investment and accounting. They obtained degrees in various areas
including computer science, law, economics, mathematics, astrophysics, finance. The Board Diversity Policy is well
implemented as evidenced by the fact that there are Directors ranging from 35 years old to 63 years old with experience
from different industries, sectors and genders.

The Company will continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels, including but not limited to the Board
and the senior management levels. It will encourage the incumbent Board members to recommend female candidate
Directors and take other actions to help achieve greater Board diversity, for example inviting some of the outstanding
female staff at mid-to-senior level to attend and observe Board meetings. This will allow the Board to understand more
about these potential female candidates before they are nominated to the Board and provide opportunities for potential
female candidates to prepare themselves for director duties. The Company will also continue to ensure that there is gender
diversity when recruiting staff at mid-to-senior level so that it will have a pipeline of female senior management and potential
successors to the Board in due time to ensure gender diversity of the Board. The Group will continue to emphasize training
of female talent and providing long-term development opportunities for female staff including but not limited to business
operation, management, accounting and finance, legal and compliance. As such, the Company is of the view that the
Board will be offered chances to identify competent female staff at mid-to-senior level to be nominated as a Director in
future with a pipeline of female candidates.

The Board’s diversity target is to appoint at least one female director. As at 31 December 2025 and the date of this annual
report, the Company has appointed one female director, Ms. Ke Yele (柯燁樂), as an independent non-executive Director
of the Company. The composition of the Board is in line with the Company’s Board Diversity Policy due to the Company’s
existing business model and specific needs as well as the diverse backgrounds of the Directors.

The Company is committed to adopting a similar approach to promote diversity in its management, including but not
limited to senior management, in order to enhance the overall effectiveness of its corporate governance.

The Nomination Committee has been delegated by the Board to be responsible for compliance with the code relating
to Board diversity in the CG Code. The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy from time to time to
ensure that it remains effective.

As of December 31, 2025, we had 619 employees, of which 395 were male and 224 were female. The gender ratio of
employees, including senior management, is approximately 64% male to 36% female. The Company aims to achieve a
more balanced gender ratio in its workforce. The Company will continue to monitor and evaluate the diversity policy from
time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness. The Company is not aware of any mitigating factors or circumstances
which make achieving gender diversity across the workforce (including senior management) more challenging or less
relevant.




68        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Director Nomination Policy
The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make recommendations
to the Shareholders for appointment as Directors of the Company at shareholders’ meetings.

The Company has a Director Nomination Policy that sets out the selection criteria and procedures and the considerations
for nomination and appointment of Directors in the Board Succession Plan, which is designed to ensure that the Board has
a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company and continuity of the Board, as
well as appropriate leadership at the Board level.

The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and the
re-election of Directors at shareholders’ meetings. The Nomination Committee will make recommendations to the Board
on the appointment of Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) in accordance with the following selection
criteria and nomination procedures:

(a)   The Nomination Committee should give consideration to the Rules Governing the Listing Rules, the Company’s
      Articles of Association and applicable laws and regulations in identifying individuals suitably qualified to become
      Directors;

(b)   The Nomination Committee will consider the following factors in evaluating candidates: (i) integrity; (ii) educational
      background, professional qualifications and working experience (including part-time jobs); (iii) the availability of
      appropriate skills and experience; (iv) whether they are able to devote sufficient time and attention to the affairs of
      the Company; (v) the ability to promote diversity of the Board in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
      cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service; and
      (vi) whether the candidates for independent non-executive Directors meet the independence requirements under
      Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules;

(c)   The Nomination Committee is required to convene a meeting and invite nominees, if any, from Board members
      for consideration by the Nomination Committee prior to the meeting. The Nomination Committee may nominate
      individuals who have not been nominated by Board members;

(d)   In respect of the appointment of any Director candidate, the Nomination Committee shall conduct sufficient due
      diligence on the candidate and make recommendations to the Board for its consideration; and

(e)   For the re-appointment of any existing member of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall make a
      recommendation for the Board’s consideration. The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination
      Policy from time to time and as appropriate to ensure its effectiveness.

Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate
governance, training and continuing professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s
compliance with the policies and practices as stipulated in laws and regulations and the Model Code, the Company’s
compliance with the CG Code and the disclosure information in this Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      69
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for risk management and internal control systems and for reviewing their
effectiveness. The systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives
and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

Risk Management and Internal Control Governance Framework
We have established and currently maintain risk management and internal control systems consisting of policies and
procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations. We are dedicated to continually improving
these systems. We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies in various aspects of our
business operations. Our Board of Directors is responsible for the establishment and updating of our internal control
systems, while our senior management monitors the daily implementation of the internal control procedures and measures
with respect to each subsidiary and functional departments. The Company has established an internal audit department to
actively perform internal audit functions.

Financial Reporting Risk Management
We have adopted comprehensive accounting policies in connection with our financial reporting risk management, such as
financial management, budget management and financial statement preparation. We also have procedures in place to carry
out such accounting policies, and our finance department reviews our management accounts in accordance with such
procedures. In addition, we provide ongoing training to our finance staff to ensure that these policies are well-observed and
effectively implemented.

Information System Risk Management
Sufficient maintenance, storage and protection of our data and other related information are critical to our success. We
have implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that our data is protected and that leakage and loss
of such data are avoided.

We have implemented comprehensive internal policies on protecting data privacy and security under the supervision of
our Chief Architect, and we have established a Data and Information Security Committee, members of which include the
responsible persons in various departments such as IT, R&D, Solution Deployment, Human Resources and Compliance.
The committee is responsible for formulating data and information security strategies, and decision-making in material data
and information incidents. We also engage external legal counsel to review and update our internal policies and ensure
continuous compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

We implement a robust internal authentication and authorization system to ensure that our confidential and important
data can only be accessed for authorized use and by authorized personnel. We have clear and strict authorization and
authentication procedures and policies in place. Our employees only have access to data which is directly relevant and
necessary for their responsibilities and for limited purposes and are required to verify authorization upon every access
attempt.

We have established an all-round information system in reference to data security requirements, national standards and
industry best practices and intend to continually invest heavily in data security and privacy protection. Our information
system applies multiple layers of safeguards, including both internal and external firewalls, to identify and protect us against
security attacks. We have completed various information security, privacy and compliance certifications/validations, proving
the security and reliability of our data protection technologies.




70        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Compliance and Intellectual Property Risk Management
We have designed and adopted strict internal procedures to ensure the compliance of our business operations with the
relevant rules and regulations, as well as the protection of our intellectual property rights. Our legal department examines
the contract terms and reviews all relevant documents for our business operations, including licenses and permits obtained
by the counterparties or us to perform contractual obligations and all the necessary underlying due diligence materials,
before we enter into any contract or business arrangements. There was no material and systemic non-compliance event
during the Track Record Period and as of the Latest Practicable Date.

We have in place detailed internal procedures to ensure that our in-house legal department reviews our solutions and
services, including upgrades to existing solutions, for regulatory compliance before they are made available to the general
public. Our legal department may also assist in obtaining any requisite governmental pre-approvals or consent, including
preparing and submitting all necessary documents for filing with relevant government authorities within the prescribed
regulatory timelines and ensuring all necessary application, renewals or filings for trademark, copyright and patent
registration have been timely made to the competent authorities.

Internal Control Risk Management
We have designed and adopted strict internal procedures to ensure the compliance of our business operations with the
relevant rules and regulations. We maintain internal procedures to ensure that we have obtained all material requisite
licenses, permits and approvals for our business operation, and conduct regular reviews to monitor the status and
effectiveness of those licenses and approvals. We obtain requisite governmental approvals or consents, including preparing
and submitting all necessary documents for filing with relevant government authorities within the prescribed regulatory
timelines.

Human Resources Risk Management
We have established internal control and risk management policies covering various aspects of human resource
management such as recruitment, training, work ethics and legal compliance. We maintain high standards in recruitment
with strict procedures to ensure the quality of new hires and provide specialized training tailored to the needs of our
employees in different departments. We also conduct periodic performance reviews for our employees, and their
remuneration is performance-based. We monitor the implementation of internal risk management policies on a regular
basis to identify, manage and mitigate internal risks in relation to the potential incompliance with our code of conduct, work
ethics, and violations of our internal policies or illegal acts at all levels of our Group.

In particular, we have in place a set of comprehensive anti-corruption and anti-bribery policies within our company (the
“Anti-corruption Policy”) to promote and support the compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations,
providing guidance on anti-corruption and anti-bribery practices, the whistleblowing channel, as well as the responsibilities
for implementing the policies. All of our employees and third-party agents are required to understand and comply with the
Anti-corruption Policy, and we from time to time provide anti-corruption trainings to our employees and third-party agents.
Under our current whistleblowing policy, one who becomes aware of any possible violations of applicable law or the Anti–
corruption Policy should report the relevant incidents to the legal department immediately. Such reports will be treated with
confidentiality, and the reported matter will be investigated and handled in a prompt, independent and fair manner.

Investment Risk Management
Our investment department is responsible for investment project sourcing, screening, execution and portfolio management.
The department sources investment projects in accordance with our investment strategy, and conducts thorough pre–
investment due diligence to assess the risks, business synergies and potential return of the investment projects.




                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      71
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Policy on the Disclosure of Inside Information
The Company has put in place an internal policy for the handling and disclosure of inside information in compliance with
the SFO. The internal policy sets out the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside
information in a timely manner and provides the Directors, Supervisors, senior management and relevant employees a
general guide in monitoring information disclosure and responding to enquiry.

Control procedures have been implemented to ensure that unauthorized access and use of inside information are strictly
prohibited.

Effectiveness of Internal Control and Risk Management
The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
control and risk management systems for the year ended December 31, 2025. The work process of the review included,
but was not limited to, listening to the business management team and the external auditor, reviewing the results of the
management’s self-assessment of the internal control system and the risk assessment, and discussing material risks with
the senior management team. The Board is of the view that the Group’s internal control and risk management systems
were effective and adequate during the Reporting Period and that the Group has complied with the code provisions in
relation to internal control and risk management in the CG Code.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2025, which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the results and
cash flows of the Group.

Management has provided the Board with explanations and information necessary to enable the Board to conduct an
informed assessment on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, which are presented to the Board for approval.
The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or circumstances that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The declaration of reporting responsibility made by the independent auditor of the Company on the consolidated financial
statements of the Group is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on Pages 78 to 83.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
The remuneration paid/payable to the Company’s independent auditor, Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited, for its audit
and non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out below. The non-audit service conducted by the
auditor is agreed-upon procedures service.

                                                                                                      Expenses paid/
Type of services                                                                                            payable
                                                                                                           RMB’000

Audit services                                                                                                   2,200
Non-audit services                                                                                               1,000


Total                                                                                                            3,200




72        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
During the Reporting Period, Ms. Guo Qingyuan was one of the joint company secretaries of the Company and was
responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters and ensuring compliance with the Board’s policies
and procedures, applicable laws, rules and regulations. Subsequently, on January 21, 2025, Mr. Peng Jun was appointed as
one of the joint company secretaries of the Company. On the same date, Ms. Guo Qingyuan resigned as the joint company
secretary of the Company. On January 26, 2026, Mr. Peng Jun tendered his resignation as the joint company secretary of
the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Company appointed Ms. Yeung Siu Wai Kitty (“Ms. Yeung”), a senior manager of
company secretarial services of Tricor Services Limited, a member of Vistra Group, as the other joint company secretary
of the Company to assist Ms. Guo Qingyuan/Mr. Peng Jun in discharging her/his duties as the company secretary
of the Company, in order to maintain good corporate governance and ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and
applicable Hong Kong laws. With effect from January 26, 2026, Ms. Yeung has served as the sole company secretary of
the Company. Mr. Liu Nan, the chief financial officer of the Company, serves as the contact person of Ms. Yeung at the
Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, each of Mr. Peng Jun and Ms. Yeung received no less than 15 hours of
relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
To further improve the corporate governance structure, in accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of
China, the Guidelines on Articles of Association of Listed Companies (2025 Revision), the Listing Rules and other relevant
laws and regulations, the Board resolved on May 27, 2025 to propose amendments to the Articles of Association of the
Company to, among other things, remove the supervisory committee, change the registered address of the Company and
increase the number of Directors. On May 27, 2025, the Board also proposed to amend the Rules of Procedures for the
Shareholders’ Meetings and the Rules of Procedures for the Board Meetings, so as to, among other things, align with the
proposed amendments to the Articles of Association. On June 26, 2025, the Shareholders of the Company considered and
approved the resolutions on the removal of the Supervisory Committee and the amendments to the Articles of Association,
the Rules of Procedures for the Shareholders’ Meetings and the Rules of Procedures for the Board Meetings at the annual
shareholders’ meeting of the Company (the “AGM”). For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated
May 27, 2025 and June 26, 2025, and the circular dated May 27, 2025.

The Board of Directors of the Company resolved on December 1, 2025 to change the English name of the Company
from “Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd.” to “Phancy Group Co., Ltd.”, and resolved to amend the Articles
of Association of the Company to reflect the change of the English name of the Company. On December 19, 2025, the
extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of the Company considered and approved the resolution to amend the Articles of
Association. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated December 1, 2025, December 19, 2025
and January 12, 2026, and the circular dated December 3, 2025.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     73
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The Company communicates with its Shareholders through various communication channels. The Company’s information is
communicated to Shareholders in the following manner:

•      Presentation of annual and interim results and reports to all Shareholders;

•      Publication of announcements relating to annual and interim results on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
       Company and other announcements and Shareholders’ circulars pursuant to the continuous disclosure obligations
       under the Listing Rules; and

•      The Company’s shareholders’ meetings, which are one of the channels for effective communication between the
       Board and the Shareholders.

In order to protect the interests and rights of the Shareholders, separate resolutions will be proposed at the shareholders’
meetings of the Company in respect of each significant individual matter, including the election of individual Directors.
Pursuant to the Listing Rules, all resolutions proposed at the shareholders’ meetings will be voted on by way of a poll,
the results of which will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange after the conclusion of the
shareholders’ meetings.

CONVENING OF SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS
The annual shareholders’ meeting shall be convened once a year and be held within six months of the end of the previous
fiscal year. According to Article 55 in the Articles of Association, independent non-executive Directors shall be entitled to
propose to the Board to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting.

Regarding the proposal requesting to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting by the independent non-executive
Directors, the Board shall, pursuant to the relevant laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association of the
Company, give a written reply stating its consent or reject for the convening of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting
within 10 days after receiving the proposal.

If the Board agrees to convene the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, a notice for convening such meeting shall be issued
within five days after the passing of the relevant Board resolution. If the Board does not agree to convene the extraordinary
shareholders’ meeting, it shall state the reasons therefor and make an announcement thereof.

Pursuant to Article 56 of the Company’s Articles of Association, the Audit Committee shall propose in writing to the
Board to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The Board shall, pursuant to the relevant laws, administrative
regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company, give a written reply stating its consent or reject for the
convening of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting within 10 days after receiving the proposal.

If the Board agrees to convene the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, the notice of convening such meeting shall be issued
within 5 days after it passes a resolution. Any changes to the original proposal in the notice should be approved by the
Audit Committee.




74        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




If the Board makes a rejection or does not respond within 10 days of receipt of the proposal, it shall be deemed to be
unable to fulfill or fail to meet its duty of convening the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, and the Audit Committee may
convene and preside over the meeting on its own.

Pursuant to Article 57 of the Company’s Articles of Association, Shareholders holding, individually or collectively, 10% or
more of the shares entitled to vote at such proposed meeting are entitled to request in writing the Board to convene an
extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The Board shall, in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations, the Listing
Rules of the Stock Exchange on which the Company’s Shares are listed and the Company’s Articles of Association, furnish
a written reply stating its agreement or disagreement to the convening of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting within 10
days after receipt of the written request.

In the event that the Board of Directors agrees to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, the notice of the
shareholders’ meeting shall be issued within 5 days after the passing of the relevant resolution of the Board of Directors.
Any changes to the original proposal made in the notice shall be subject to the consent of the relevant Shareholders.

In the event that the Board does not agree to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting or does not furnish any reply
within 10 days after receiving such request, shareholders alone or in aggregate holding 10% or more of the Company’s
shares shall be entitled to propose to the Audit Committee the convening of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, and
such proposal shall be made in writing.

In the event that the Audit Committee agrees to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, the notice of the
shareholders’ meeting shall be issued within 5 days after receiving such request. Any changes to the original request made
in the notice shall be subject to the consent of the shareholders concerned.

In the event that the Audit Committee fails to issue a notice of the shareholders’ meeting within the stipulated period, the
Audit Committee shall be deemed not to convene or preside over a shareholders’ meeting, and shareholders alone or in
aggregate holding 10% or more of the Company’s shares for 90 consecutive days or more shall be entitled to convene and
preside over the meeting on their own.

PRESENTATION OF RESOLUTIONS AT SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS
When the Company convenes a Shareholders’ meeting, the Board, the Audit Committee and Shareholders who individually
or collectively own more than 1% of the Company’s Shares have the right to propose a resolution to the Company.

Shareholders who individually or collectively hold more than 1% of the Shares of the Company may propose temporary
resolutions and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days before the shareholders’ meeting is held. The convener
shall issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ meeting within two days after receiving the proposed resolution
announcing the contents of the temporary resolution.

Save as provided above, the convener shall not amend resolutions stated in or add new resolutions to the notice of the
shareholders’ meeting after the same has been issued and announced.

No voting or resolution shall be executed or adopted at the shareholders’ meeting for resolutions that have not been stated
in the notice of the shareholders’ meeting or that do not comply with the Articles of Association.




                                                                        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      75
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




MAKING ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD
Shareholders who wish to make any enquiries to the Board may send their written enquiries to the Company. The
Company generally does not handle verbal or anonymous enquiries.

Contact Details
Shareholders may send such enquiries or requests or put forward proposals in the following manner:

Address: Block A, Hongyuan New Era, Shangdi West Road, Haidian District, Beijing, the PRC
Email: IR@4paradigm.com

For the avoidance of doubt, to be valid, a Shareholder must send a duly signed original of a written request, notice or
statement or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address, giving his/her full name, contact details and identity.
Shareholder information may be disclosed as required by law.

SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATION POLICY
The Company recognizes that effective communication with its Shareholders is essential in fostering investor relations and
deepening investors’ understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategy. Accordingly, the Company has
set up a website (www.4paradigm.com) from which the public can obtain relevant and up-to-date information, the latest
developments regarding its business operations and development, its financial information and corporate governance
practices and other data. Information uploaded by the Company to the Stock Exchange’s website will also be immediately
posted on the Company’s website.

The Company also endeavors to maintain an ongoing dialogue with its Shareholders, especially through annual
shareholders’ meetings and other shareholders’ meetings, so as to obtain information about the Company, including its
latest strategic plans, products and profit distribution plans. The Directors (or their representatives, as the case may be) will
meet with Shareholders and respond to their enquiries at the annual shareholders’ meeting.

The Company has a Shareholder Communication Policy in place. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board
reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Policy, and all the results of the review were satisfactory on the basis
that the Shareholder Communication Policy provides sufficient channel to provide information to the Shareholders and
solicit views from the Shareholders.




76        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) in accordance with Code Provision F.1.1 in the CG
Code. In recommending the payment of a dividend and determining the amount of the dividend, the Board shall consider,
among other things, (i) our actual and estimated financial performance; (ii) our estimated working capital requirements,
capital expenditure requirements and future business expansion plans; (iii) our current and future cash flows; (iv) other
internal and external factors that may affect our business operations or financial performance and condition; and (v) other
factors that our Board deem relevant.

The Board may determine and pay to the Shareholders of the Company such interim and final dividends as it thinks fit,
subject to the approval of the Shareholders at a shareholders’ meeting of the Company.

Taking into account the business development needs of the Company and the factors set out in the Dividend Policy, the
Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025.

As of December 31, 2025, there was no arrangement under which a Shareholder had waived or agreed to waive any
dividends.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      77
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of Phancy Group Co., Ltd.
(formerly known as Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd)
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Phancy Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 84 to 170, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at
December 31, 2025, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes
in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as issued by the International
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of
the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), as applicable to audits of
financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.




78        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Revenue recognition                                       Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition of the Group
                                                          included:
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s
revenue as derived from the operations of AI Platform,    •     Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s revenue
and provision of application programming interface              recognition process, evaluated management’s key controls
and Agentic AI services amounted to approximately               over revenue recognition and validating these key controls
RMB7,135,286,000 which were recognised upon                     on a sample basis;
transfer of control of products or services to the
customer, at a point in time or over time, depending      •     Evaluating the appropriateness of the Group’s revenue
on the nature, terms and conditions of the business             recognition policies in accordance with the requirement of
arrangements.                                                   prevailing applicable accounting standards;

We identified revenue recognition as a key audit          •     Testing revenue recognised during the year, on a sample
matter due to the magnitude of the revenue                      basis, by tracing to relevant underlying supporting
transactions and number of customers involved, and              documents, including sales contracts, records of
therefore significant effort was spent on auditing this         customers’ acceptance on goods or services delivered
area.                                                           and sales invoices, where applicable; and

                                                          •     Obtaining confirmations from customers, on a sample
                                                                basis, to confirm the amount of transactions for the year.

                                                          Based on the procedures performed, we found that the Group’s
                                                          revenue as recognised was supported by the evidence obtained.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     79
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of trade receivables                Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment of trade
                                                          receivables included:
As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s gross
carrying amount of trade receivables amounting to         •     Understanding the key controls on how the management
approximately RMB2,633,458,000, which represented               estimates the loss allowances for trade receivables;
approximately 28.3% of the total assets of the Group.
Loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECL”)        •     Understanding and assessing the appropriateness of
amounting to approximately RMB292,576,000 has                   management’s methodology for identifying credit impaired
been provided on these trade receivables.                       trade receivables;

The Group applied the simplified approach as              •     Evaluating the appropriateness of the grouping of trade
permitted by International Financial Reporting                  receivables with reference to their shared credit risk
Standard 9 Financial Instruments to determine the               characteristics;
amounts of ECL on trade receivables. To measure
ECL, the management of the Group estimates the            •     Testing the accuracy of trade receivables aging analysis,
amount of lifetime ECL on (i) credit impaired trade             on a sample basis, by comparing individual items in the
receivables individually; and (ii) remaining trade              analysis with the relevant sales invoices; and
receivables are grouped based on their nature and
risk characteristics, and then analysing their aging      •     Evaluating the reasonableness of the credit loss allowances
information and historical observed default rate before         on trade receivable with reference to historical observed
further incorporating forward-looking information that          default rate and forward-looking information.
is reasonable and supportable, and available without
undue cost or effort at the reporting date.               Based on the procedures performed, we considered the
                                                          methodology, significant judgements and estimates as adopted by
We focused on this area due to the significance of the    management in the impairment assessment of trade receivables
balance of trade receivables and significant degree of    were supported by the evidence obtained.
estimation was involved in the assessment of ECL as
mentioned above.




80        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




OTHER MATTER
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 were audited by another auditor
who expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements on March 31, 2025.

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by IASB and the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis
of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.

Those Charged with Governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       81
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
       from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.

•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
       related disclosures made by the directors.

•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
       the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
       significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
       exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
       financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
       audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
       Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
       a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•      Plan and perform the Group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
       of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
       statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
       of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




82        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.




Rongcheng (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Fong Ho Keung
Practicing Certificate Number: P08079

Hong Kong
March 30, 2026




                                                                      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     83
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                        Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000

Revenue                                                                  7        7,135,286        5,260,650
Cost of sales                                                            10      (4,651,850)      (3,015,821)


Gross profit                                                                      2,483,436        2,244,829
Selling and marketing expenses                                           10        (205,183)        (268,699)
Administrative expenses                                                  10        (154,374)        (193,310)
Research and development expenses                                        10      (2,337,401)      (2,169,767)
Provision for credit loss allowance, net                                            (17,398)        (199,961)
Other income                                                             8           96,241          120,145
Other gains or losses, net                                               9            1,210          111,681


Operating loss                                                                     (133,469)       (355,082)
Share of results of investments accounted for using the equity method    19          17,410          19,265
Finance income                                                           12          77,320          51,866
Finance costs                                                            12          (1,031)          (6,137)


Loss before tax                                                                     (39,770)       (290,088)
Income tax credit/(expenses)                                             13           1,992           (6,179)


Loss for the year                                                                   (37,778)       (296,267)


Other comprehensive (loss)/income:
Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Currency translation differences                                                    (13,231)          3,258
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Share of other comprehensive loss of investments accounted for using
   the equity method                                                     19               –          (10,961)


Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                   (13,231)          (7,703)


Total comprehensive loss for the year                                               (51,009)       (303,970)


Loss attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                               (26,266)       (268,788)
Non-controlling interests                                                           (11,512)         (27,479)


                                                                                    (37,778)       (296,267)




84        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                 Notes             RMB’000                RMB’000

Total comprehensive loss attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                (39,497)             (276,491)
Non-controlling interests                                                            (11,512)               (27,479)


                                                                                     (51,009)             (303,970)


Loss per share for loss attributable to owners of the Company
   (expressed in RMB per share)                                    14
Basic                                                                                    (0.05)               (0.58)
Diluted                                                                                  (0.05)               (0.58)




                                                                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      85
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET




                                                                  As at December 31,
                                                                     2025             2024
                                                         Notes    RMB’000          RMB’000

Assets
Non-current assets
Right-of-use assets                                      15(a)      14,554              24,299
Property and equipment                                    16       291,037              34,685
Intangible assets                                         17           476             189,747
Investments accounted for using the equity method         19       718,071             554,509
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     20       711,131             459,968
Contract assets                                          7(b)            –               1,236
Term bank deposits                                       24(c)     566,459             405,009
Prepayments and other receivables                         23        22,303             227,927


                                                                  2,324,031       1,897,380


Current assets
Inventories                                               21        328,512         171,617
Contract assets                                          7(b)         1,266           1,026
Trade receivables                                         22      2,340,882       3,085,640
Prepayments and other receivables                         23      1,090,751         535,966
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     20        832,353         475,234
Term bank deposits                                       24(c)      377,559         559,653
Restricted cash                                          24(b)          465           2,511
Cash and cash equivalents                                24(a)    1,997,010         858,618


                                                                  6,968,798       5,690,265


Total assets                                                      9,292,829       7,587,645


Equity and liabilities
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                             25        519,679          465,859
Treasury stock                                            26        (28,947)          (18,107)
Shares held for share award schemes                       26           (255)                –
Reserves                                                  26     12,416,509        9,969,530
Accumulated losses                                               (5,381,429)      (5,355,163)


                                                                  7,525,557       5,062,119
Non-controlling interests                                           (21,854)          8,769


Total equity                                                      7,503,703       5,070,888




86         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET




                                                                                     As at December 31,
                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                   Notes             RMB’000                RMB’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                   15(b)               1,023                   11,470
Deferred tax liabilities                                             30                 6,337                    7,782
Borrowings                                                           31               178,500                        –
Other liabilities                                                    32                17,743                        –


                                                                                      203,603                   19,252


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                       28             1,172,241              2,183,263
Other payables and accruals                                          29                45,883                 94,789
Contract liabilities                                                 7(c)             305,031                173,055
Lease liabilities                                                   15(b)              10,532                 11,009
Income tax payables                                                                         –                  1,336
Borrowings                                                           31                23,383                  5,883
Other liabilities                                                    32                28,453                 28,170


                                                                                    1,585,523              2,497,505


Total liabilities                                                                   1,789,126              2,516,757


Total equity and liabilities                                                        9,292,829              7,587,645

The consolidated financial statements on pages 84 to 170 were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on
March 30, 2026 and were signed on its behalf by:




                       Dai Wenyuan                                             Yu Zhonghao
                         Director                                                 Director




                                                                  Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       87
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                                                  Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                          Shares
                                                                                         held for                                                       Non-
                                                                  Share     Treasury share award        Reserves Accumulated                      controlling      Total
                                                                 capital       stock    schemes         (Note 26)     losses         Subtotal       interests     equity
                                                       Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

Balance at January 1, 2025                                       465,859     (18,107)            –      9,969,530     (5,355,163)    5,062,119         8,769    5,070,888


Comprehensive loss
Loss for the year                                                      –           –             –              –         (26,266)     (26,266)      (11,512)     (37,778)
Currency translation differences                                       –           –             –        (13,231)              –      (13,231)            –      (13,231)


Total comprehensive loss for the year                                  –           –             –        (13,231)        (26,266)     (39,497)      (11,512)     (51,009)


Transactions with owners in their capacity
  as owners
  Shares repurchase                                      26            –     (10,840)            –              –               –      (10,840)            –      (10,840)
  Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments 27                –           –             –         44,108               –       44,108             –       44,108
  Placing of shares                                      25       53,820           –             –      2,419,613               –    2,473,433             –    2,473,433
  Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                    –           –             –           (805)              –         (805)            –         (805)
  Shares purchased and withheld for
    Share Scheme Trust                                   26            –           –        (9,983)             –               –       (9,983)            –       (9,983)
  Vesting of awarded shares from
    Share Scheme Trust                                   26            –           –         9,728         (9,728)              –            –             –            –
  Partial disposal of an associate                                     –           –             –         (1,434)              –       (1,434)            –       (1,434)
  Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control 35(a)          –           –             –          8,456               –        8,456       (19,110)     (10,654)


Total transactions with owners in their capacity
  as owners                                                       53,820     (10,840)         (255)     2,460,210               –    2,502,935       (19,110)   2,483,825


Balance at December 31, 2025                                     519,679     (28,947)         (255)    12,416,509     (5,381,429)    7,525,557       (21,854)   7,503,703




88               Phancy Group Co., Ltd.                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                      Share     Treasury                                                         Non-
                                                                     capital       stock       Reserves       Accumulated                  controlling
                                                                   (Note 25)   (Note 26)       (Note 26)           losses      Subtotal      interests   Total equity
                                                           Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

Balance at January 1, 2024                                          465,859           –        9,969,638        (5,086,375)   5,349,122      103,392      5,452,514


Comprehensive income/(loss)
Loss for the year                                                         –           –                –          (268,788)    (268,788)     (27,479)      (296,267)
Currency translation differences                                          –           –            3,258                 –        3,258            –          3,258
Share of other comprehensive loss of investments
  accounted for using the equity method                     19            –           –          (10,961)                –      (10,961)            –        (10,961)


Total comprehensive loss for the year                                     –           –            (7,703)        (268,788)    (276,491)     (27,479)      (303,970)


Transactions with owners in their capacity
  as owners
Shares repurchase                                           26            –     (18,107)               –                 –      (18,107)            –        (18,107)
Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments          27            –           –            3,797                 –        3,797             –          3,797
Share of reserves of investments accounted for using the
  equity method                                                           –           –            3,798                 –       3,798             –           3,798
Partial disposal of subsidiaries with loss of control                     –           –                –                 –           –       (67,144)        (67,144)


Total transactions with owners in their capacity
  as owners                                                               –     (18,107)           7,595                 –      (10,512)     (67,144)        (77,656)


Balance at December 31, 2024                                        465,859     (18,107)       9,969,530        (5,355,163)   5,062,119        8,769      5,070,888




                                                                                                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.           Annual Report 2025               89
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                       Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash used in operations                                            37(a)      (701,595)        (642,076)
Interest received                                                                   20,635           23,551
Income tax paid                                                                          –            (3,475)


Net cash used in operating activities                                             (680,960)        (622,000)


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property and equipment                                                (266,936)          (27,578)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                         (125)             (735)
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                     1,077               368
Placement of term bank deposits                                                 (8,562,669)      (1,292,093)
Withdrawal of term bank deposits                                                 8,588,164        1,001,392
Interest income received from term bank deposits                                    46,660            47,871
Purchase of short-term investments measured at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                               (2,266,150)        (995,000)
Purchase of long-term investments measured at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                                 (298,920)         (74,592)
Proceeds from disposal of short-term investments measured at fair
   value through profit or loss                                                  1,911,055       1,172,898
Proceeds from disposal of long-term investments measured at fair
   value through profit or loss                                                    78,244                  –
Proceeds from disposal of investments accounted for using the equity
   method                                                                          43,600                 –
Acquisition of an investment accounted for using the equity method      19              –          (300,000)
Settlement of consideration payable for business combination
   completed in prior years                                                              –          (42,877)
Investment income received from disposal of short-term investments
   measured at fair value through profit or loss                                     1,763          15,169
Proceeds from partial disposal of subsidiaries with loss of control,
   net of cash disposed                                                 35          64,378          18,801
Dividends received                                                                       –           2,207
Loan to related parties                                                           (176,923)              –


Net cash used in investing activities                                             (836,782)        (474,169)




90       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                 Notes             RMB’000                RMB’000

Cash flows from financing activities
Payments for shares repurchased                                                     (20,823)                  (18,107)
Proceeds from placing of shares                                                   2,473,433                          –
Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                                      (805)                         –
Proceeds from borrowings                                                            200,000                    45,666
Repayment of borrowings                                                              (4,000)                  (39,980)
Interest expenses paid                                                                  (72)                    (1,446)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                        (11,907)                  (25,564)
Advance from a non-controlling shareholder                                            8,800                      8,500
Payment of listing expenses capitalised or to be capitalised                         (2,663)                         –


Net cash from/(used in) financing activities                                      2,641,963                   (30,931)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                              1,124,221             (1,127,100)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                              858,618              1,977,891
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                        14,171                  7,827


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                 24(a)            1,997,010                   858,618




                                                                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025         91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




1    GENERAL INFORMATION
     Phancy Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
     on September 17, 2014 as a limited liability company, and relocated to Beijing, the PRC on April 21, 2021. On July
     9, 2021, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability under the Company Law of the
     PRC. The address of the Company’s registered office is Room 303, 3/F, Block A, Heying Centre, Building 1, No. 10
     Xiaoying West Road, Haidian District, Beijing, the PRC.

     The Company has changed its English name from “Beijing Fourth Paradigm Technology Co., Ltd” to “Phancy Group
     Co., Ltd.” with effect from January 7, 2026 and the name in Chinese from “北京第四範式智能技術股份有限公司” to
     “範式智能技術集團股份有限公司” with effect from February 4, 2026 in Hong Kong.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are
     primarily engaged in operations of artificial intelligence (“AI”) platform, and provision of Application Programming
     Interface (“API”) and Agentic AI services in the PRC and certain overseas countries and regions.

     Dr. Dai Wenyuan is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group as at the date of approval of these consolidated
     financial statements.

     The consolidated financial statements of the Group are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
     currency of the Company.

2    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     Amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the current
     year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard as issued
     by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the
     Group’s annual period beginning on January 1, 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to IAS 21                                   Lack of Exchangeability

     The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material impact
     on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out
     in these consolidated financial statements.




92      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
    (continued)

    New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
    The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have been
    issued but are not yet effective:

    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                              Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                                   Instruments2
    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                              Contracts Referencing Nature – dependent Electricity2
    Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate
                                                                   or Joint Venture1
    Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                      Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 112
    IFRS 18                                                      Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
    Amendments to IAS 21                                         Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3

    1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
    2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026.
    3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027.


    Except for the new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards mentioned below, the directors of the
    Company anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have
    no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

    IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
    IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation
    and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new IFRS
    Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements
    to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures
    on management-defined performance measures (MPMs) in the notes to the financial statements and improve
    aggregation and disaggregation information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1
    paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors (the title of
    which will be changed to Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements upon effective of IFRS 18) and IFRS 17. Minor
    amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

    IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1,
    2027, with early application permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition provisions.
    The application of new standard is not expected to have significant impact on the financial performance and
    positions of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement. However, it is expected to affect the structure and
    presentation of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025   93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards
           as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). For the purpose of preparation of
           the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably
           expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
           include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     3.2   Material accounting policy information
           (a)    Basis of consolidation and equity accounting
                  (i)     Subsidiaries
                          Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when
                          the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity
                          and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
                          Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
                          They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                          Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                          companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                          evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
                          been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                          Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in
                          the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated balance sheet and
                          consolidated statement of changes in equity.

                  (ii)    Associates
                          An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                          control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting
                          rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see
                          (iv) below), after initially being recognised at cost.

                  (iii)   Joint arrangements
                          Under IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, investments in joint arrangements are classified as either
                          joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights and
                          obligations of each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement. The Group
                          has assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and determined them to be joint ventures.

                          Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (see (iv) below), after
                          initially being recognised at cost in the consolidated balance sheet.




94      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
    3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
          (a)   Basis of consolidation and equity accounting (continued)
                (iv)   Equity method
                       Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and
                       adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of
                       the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive
                       income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from
                       associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the
                       investment.

                       Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its
                       interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not
                       recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the
                       other entity.

                       Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
                       eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also
                       eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
                       Accounting policies of equity-accounted investees have been changed where necessary to
                       ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                       When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an
                       entity of the Group that is a venture capital organisation, or a mutual fund, unit trust and similar
                       entities including investment-linked insurance funds, the Group may elect to measure that
                       investments at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial
                       Instruments. The Group shall make this election separately for each associate or joint venture,
                       at initial recognition of the associate or joint venture.

                (v)    Changes in ownership interests
                       The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
                       control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results
                       in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests
                       to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the
                       adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in
                       equity.

                       When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss
                       of control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured
                       to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value
                       becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the
                       retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts
                       previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
                       for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that
                       amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

                       If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or
                       significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously
                       recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025        95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           (b)    Intangible assets
                  (i)    Goodwill
                         Goodwill arising from the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration
                         transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date
                         fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net
                         assets acquired.

                         For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated
                         to each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit
                         from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is
                         allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for
                         internal management purposes. Goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level.

                         Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes
                         in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the
                         goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair
                         value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is
                         not subsequently reversed.

                  (ii)   Other intangible assets
                         Other intangible assets mainly include software and copyright, technology, customer
                         relationship and brand name. They are initially recognised and measured at cost or fair value of
                         intangible assets acquired through business combination. The Group amortises these intangible
                         assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the following periods:

                         Software and copyright                                                                    3-5 years
                         Technology                                                                                  5 years
                         Customer relationship                                                                     5-7 years
                         Brand name                                                                                 10 years

                         When determining the length of useful lives of these intangible assets, management take into
                         account the (i) estimated period during which such asset can bring economic benefits to the
                         Group; and (ii) the useful life estimated by comparable companies in the market.

                         In particular, the Company determined the estimated useful life of customer relationship with
                         consideration of the historical cooperation period of existing clients, degree of customer loyalty
                         and historical attrition situation of the customers. In relation to the brand name, the Company
                         considered the historical presence of the brand, its market share in relevant industry, and the
                         remaining period of its business license in determining its estimated useful life.




96      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
    3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
          (b)   Intangible assets (continued)
                (iii)   Research and development expenditures
                        Research expenditures is recognised as an expense as incurred. Development cost is
                        capitalised only if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

                        •     it is technically feasible to complete the software so that it will be available for use;

                        •     management intends to complete the software and use or sell it;

                        •     there is an ability to use or sell the software;

                        •     it can be demonstrated how the software will generate probable future economic
                              benefits;

                        •     adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
                              use or sell the software are available; and

                        •     the expenditure attributable to the software during its development can be reliably
                              measured.

                        Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are recognised as an expense
                        as incurred.

          (c)   Impairment of non-financial assets
                Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
                annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
                they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in
                circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
                recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
                For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there
                are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other
                assets or CGUs. Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for
                possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025        97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           (d)    Investments and other financial assets
                  (i)    Classification
                         The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                         •       those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive
                                 income, or through profit or loss), and

                         •       those to be measured at amortised cost.

                         The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets
                         and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

                         For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or
                         other comprehensive income. For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the
                         business model in which the investment is held. For investments in equity instruments that are
                         not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election
                         at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through other
                         comprehensive income.

                  (ii)   Measurement
                         At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                         financial asset not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of
                         the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in profit
                         or loss.

                         Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                         whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




98      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
    3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
          (d)   Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                (ii)   Measurement (continued)
                       Debt instruments
                       Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
                       for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                       measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                       •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where
                             those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at
                             amortised cost. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at
                             amortised cost and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss
                             when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest income from these financial assets is
                             included in finance income using the effective interest rate method.

                       •     Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”): Assets that are held for
                             collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’
                             cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVTOCI.
                             Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition
                             of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
                             which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                             cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit
                             or loss and recognised in other gains/losses, net. Interest income from these financial
                             assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign
                             exchange gains and losses are presented in other gains/losses, net and impairment
                             expenses are presented as separate line item in the consolidated statement of
                             comprehensive income.

                       Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.
                       A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL and is not part
                       of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss and presented net in the consolidated
                       statement of comprehensive income within other gains/losses, net in the period in which it
                       arises.

                       Equity instruments
                       The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                       management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other
                       comprehensive income, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to
                       profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments
                       continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive
                       payments is established.

                       Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in profit or loss.
                       Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at
                       FVTOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.


                                                                   Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
            (d)   Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                  (iii)   Impairment
                          The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis for the expected credit losses (“ECL”) on
                          financial assets (including trade receivables, other receivables, term bank deposits, restricted
                          cash and cash and cash equivalents), which is subject to impairment under IFRS 9. The
                          impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in
                          credit risk.

                          For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which
                          requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

                          For others, it is measured as either 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) or lifetime ECL, depending
                          on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a
                          significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then
                          impairment is measured as lifetime ECL.

                  (iv)    Derecognition
                          Financial assets
                          The Group derecognises a financial asset, if the part being considered for derecognition meets
                          one of the following conditions: (i) the contractual rights to receive the cash flows from the
                          financial asset expire; or (ii) the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset
                          have been transferred, the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                          of the financial asset; or (iii) the Group retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of
                          the financial asset, but assumes a contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to the eventual
                          recipient in an agreement that meets all the conditions of de-recognition of transfer of cash
                          flows (“pass through” requirements) and transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of
                          ownership of the financial asset.

                          Where a transfer of a financial asset in its entirety meets the criteria for derecognition, the
                          difference between the two amounts below is recognised in profit or loss:

                          •      the carrying amount of the financial asset transferred;

                          •      the sum of the consideration received from the transfer and any cumulative gain or loss
                                 that has been recognised directly in equity.

                          If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                          and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group continues to recognise the asset to
                          the extent of its continuing involvement and recognises an associated liability.




100     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
    3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
          (d)   Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                (iv)   Derecognition (continued)
                       Other financial liabilities
                       A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or
                       canceled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same
                       lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially
                       modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability
                       and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts
                       is recognised in profit or loss.

          (e)   Offsetting financial instruments
                Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet where
                the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an
                intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group
                has also entered into arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the
                related amounts to be set off in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a
                contract.

          (f)   Inventories
                Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of purchased inventory are
                determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price
                in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs
                necessary to make the sale.

                The Group also recognises the inventory of contract fulfilment cost from the costs incurred to fulfil a
                contract only if those costs meet all of the following criteria:

                •      the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically
                       identify;

                •      the costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in
                       continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

                •      the costs are expected to be recovered.

                The contract fulfilment cost recognised shall be amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
                consistent with the transfer to the customer of the services to which the asset relates.




                                                                      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
            (f)   Inventories (continued)
                  The Group recognises an impairment loss in profit or loss to the extent that the carrying amount of
                  contract fulfilment cost recognised exceeds:

                  •      the remaining amount of consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for the
                         services to which the asset relates; less

                  •      the costs that relate directly to providing those services and that have not been recognised as
                         expenses.

            (g)   Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
                  For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash
                  equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term,
                  highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to
                  known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

                  Cash that is restricted from withdrawal, from use or from being pledged as security is reported
                  separately on the face of the consolidated balance sheet, and is not included in the total cash and
                  cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

            (h)   Share capital and treasury stock
                  Ordinary shares and share capital from owners are classified as equity.

                  Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction
                  from the proceeds.

                  The Company accounts for treasury shares from shares repurchase using the cost method. Under
                  this method, the cost incurred to purchase the shares is recorded in the treasury shares account on
                  the consolidated balance sheet. At retirement of the treasury shares, the ordinary shares account is
                  charged only for the aggregate par value of the shares. The excess of the acquisition cost of treasury
                  shares over the aggregate par value is allocated between additional paid-in capital and retained
                  earnings.




102     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
    3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
          (i)   Current and deferred tax
                The income tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised
                in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income
                or directly in equity. In this case, the income tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or
                directly in equity, respectively.

                Current tax
                The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the Company, its subsidiaries, associates
                and joint ventures operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates
                positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to
                interpretation and considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain
                tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or the
                expected value, depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the
                uncertainty.

                Deferred tax
                Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
                tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
                However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
                Deferred tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither
                accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have
                been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply
                when the related deferred tax asset is realised or the deferred tax liability is settled.

                Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
                utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                Deferred tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments in
                subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, except for deferred tax liability where the timing of the
                reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary
                difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Generally, the Group is unable to control the
                reversal of the temporary difference for associates. Only when there is an agreement in place that
                gives the Group the ability to control the reversal of the temporary difference in the foreseeable
                future, deferred tax liability in relation to taxable temporary differences arising from the associate’s
                undistributed profits is not recognised.

                Deferred tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from investments
                in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures only to the extent that it is probable the temporary
                difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against which the
                temporary difference can be utilised.

                Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
                income tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate
                to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable
                entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025      103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
            (j)   Employee benefits
                  Pension obligations and other social welfare benefits
                  Full-time employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to staff welfare benefits including pension,
                  work-related injury benefits, maternity insurances, medical insurances, unemployment benefits and
                  housing fund plans through a PRC government-mandated defined contribution plan. Chinese labor
                  regulation requires that the Group make contributions to the government for these benefits based
                  on certain percentage of the employees’ salaries, up to a maximum amount specified by the local
                  government. The Group has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the required contributions.

                  Employee leave entitlements
                  Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                  made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to
                  the balance sheet date. Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised
                  until the time of leave.

                  Bonus plans
                  The expected cost of bonuses is recognised as a liability when the Group has a present legal or
                  constructive obligation for payment of bonus as a result of services rendered by employees and a
                  reliable estimate of the obligation can be made. Liabilities for bonus plans are expected to be settled
                  within 1 year and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.

                  Termination benefits
                  Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                  retirement date, or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits.
                  The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) when the Group
                  can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity recognises costs for a
                  restructuring that is within the scope of IAS 37 and involves the payment of terminations benefits. In
                  the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured
                  based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12
                  months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to present value.




104     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
    3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
          (k)   Share-based payments
                Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
                The Group operates certain share incentive plans, under which it receives services from employees
                as consideration for equity instruments of the Company. The fair value of the services received in
                exchange for the grant of the equity instruments is recognised as an expense on the consolidated
                statement of comprehensive income with a corresponding increase in equity.

                In terms of the options granted to employees, the total amount to be expensed is determined by
                reference to the fair value of the options granted:

                •      including any market performance conditions;

                •      excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions; and

                •      including the impact of any non-vesting conditions.

                Service and non-marketing performance vesting conditions are included in calculation of the number
                of options and shares that are expected to vest. The total amount expensed is recognised over the
                vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

                At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that
                are expected to vest based on the service and non-marketing vesting performance conditions. It
                recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding
                adjustment to equity.

                In some circumstances, employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and therefore
                the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognising the expense during the period
                between service commencement period and grant date.

                When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date,
                the amount previously recognised in reserves will continue to be held in reserves.

                Cash-settled share-based payment transactions
                The cost of cash-settled transactions is measured initially at fair value at the grant date. This fair value
                is with recognition of a corresponding liability. The liability is re-measured at each reporting date up to
                and at the date of settlement, with any changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss for the period.
                The Group did not have any cash-settled share-based payment during the reporting periods.




                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025      105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
            (l)   Revenue recognition
                  Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, and represents
                  amounts receivable for goods sold or services supplied, stated net of discounts, returns and value-
                  added taxes. The Group recognises revenue when the specific criteria have been met for each of the
                  Group’s activities, as described below.

                  AI platform
                  The AI platform are platform and ready-to-use applications and related equipment of which are
                  delivered primarily as:

                  (a)    licensed software installed at the end users’ servers and,

                  (b)    all-in-one server or other related hardware with pre-installed software, which is combined into
                         a single performance obligation for the server/hardware and pre-installed software are highly
                         integrated and the integration between the server/hardware and pre-installed software is critical
                         for the customer to obtain the intended benefit from the arrangement.

                  Revenue from delivering of (a) licensed software installed at the end users’ servers and (b) all-in-one
                  server or other related hardware with pre-installed software is recognised at the point in time when
                  control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the application software and
                  the all-in-one server or other related hardware. In other circumstance, the platform and ready-to-use
                  applications and related equipment are delivered to end users for usage with a subscription period,
                  the revenue is recognised over the subscription period.

                  API and Agentic AI services
                  The Group recognised revenues from API and Agentic AI services when the services are rendered, or
                  when the control of the products is transferred to customers.

                  Contract balance
                  Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. The Group may
                  perform by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or
                  before payment is due, also may has a right to an amount of consideration before transferring goods
                  or services to a customer. The Group recognises a contract asset or a contract liability in the balance
                  sheet, depending on the relationship between the Group’s performance and the customer’s payment.




106     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
    3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
          (m)   Leases
                The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease at inception of a contract. The Group
                recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease agreements
                in which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (defined as leases with a lease term of 12 months
                or less) and leases of low value assets. For these short-term leases, the Group recognises the lease
                payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, and payments
                for these leases are presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows from operating activities.

                The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at
                the commencement date, discounted by using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If this rate cannot
                be readily determined, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate specific to the country, term and
                currency of the contract. In addition, the Group considers its recent debt issuances as well as publicly
                available data for instruments with similar characteristics when calculating the incremental borrowing
                rates.

                Lease payments include fixed payments, less any lease incentives, variable lease payments that
                depend on an index or a rate known at the commencement date, and purchase options or extension
                option payments if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise these options. Variable lease payments
                that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and
                right-of-use asset and are recognised as an expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
                income in the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments occurs.

                A lease liability is remeasured upon a change in the lease term, changes in an index or rate used to
                determine the lease payments or reassessment of exercise of a purchase option. The corresponding
                adjustment is made to the related right-of-use asset.

                The right-of-use assets comprise the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability,
                lease payments made at or before the commencement date and any initial direct costs. They are
                subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. The right-of-
                use assets are depreciated starting at the commencement date over the shorter period of useful life of
                the underlying asset and lease term.

                The principal portion of the lease payments and the interest component are presented within financing
                activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

          (n)   Government grant
                Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
                that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

                Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period
                necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

                Government grants relating to the property and equipment and other non-current assets are included
                in the liabilities and are credited to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the
                related assets.

                                                                      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
            (o)   Separate financial statements
                  Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
                  costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
                  dividend received and receivable.

                  Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                  investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                  dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
                  exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
                  including goodwill.

            (p)   Foreign currency translation
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                  at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                  such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                  currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                  Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated
                  statement of comprehensive income, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses
                  are presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a net basis within other
                  gains/losses, net.

                  Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                  exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and
                  liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss.

                  The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-
                  inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                  translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                  •      assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the
                         date of that balance sheet;

                  •      income and expenses for each statements of comprehensive income are translated at average
                         exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect
                         of rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated
                         at the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

                  •      all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
                  entities are recognised in other comprehensive income.




108     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
    3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
          (q)   Property and equipment
                Property and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation. Historical cost
                includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
                the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is
                derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial
                period in which they are incurred.

                Depreciation on property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their
                cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

                Buildings                                          Over the shorter of the term of the lease, or 50 years
                Server and electronic equipment                    3-5 years
                Office equipment                                   3-5 years
                Leasehold improvements                             Estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms,
                                                                     whichever is shorter

                The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
                each reporting period.

                An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
                carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

                Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount
                and are recognised within other gains/losses, net in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
                income.

          (r)   Trade and other receivables
                Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for products sold or services performed in the
                ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less
                (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not,
                they are presented as non-current assets.

                Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
                unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The
                Group holds the trade and other receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows
                and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method.




                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025      109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
            (s)   Trade and other payables
                  Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary
                  course of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if
                  payment is due within one year (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they
                  are presented as non-current liabilities.

                  Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
                  cost using the effective interest method.

            (t)   Borrowings
                  Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                  subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
                  costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using
                  the effective interest method.

                  Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to
                  the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is
                  deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some
                  or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and
                  amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

                  Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
                  settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

            (u)   Borrowing costs
                  General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
                  of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready
                  for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are
                  substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

                  Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
                  expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

                  All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




110     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
    3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
          (v)   Provisions
                Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
                past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
                amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

                Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
                settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
                even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of
                obligations may be small.

                Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle
                the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is
                recognised as interest expense.

          (w)   Dividend distribution
                Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s financial
                statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders or
                directors, where appropriate.

          (x)   Interest income
                Interest income from financial assets at FVTPL is included in the net fair value gains/(losses) on these
                assets. Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVTOCI calculated
                using the effective interest method is recognised in profit or loss as part of finance income.

                Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of
                a financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-
                impaired financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial
                asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).




                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025      111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
      The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
      equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgment in applying the Group’s accounting policies.

      Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors,
      including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be
      reasonable under the circumstances.

      (a)      Fair value of financial assets
               Fair value of financial assets, in the absence of an active market, is estimated by using appropriate valuation
               techniques. Such valuations were based on certain assumptions about credit risk, volatility and liquidity risks,
               associated with the instruments, which are subject to uncertainty and might materially differ from the actual
               results. Further details are included in Note 6.3.

      (b)      Impairment assessment of trade receivables
               The credit loss allowance for trade receivables are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected
               loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the
               impairment calculation, based on the aging information of trade receivables and historical observed default
               rate, as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumptions
               and inputs used are disclosed in Notes 6.1 and 22.

      (c)      Valuation of share-based payments
               The fair value of share options at the grant date are determined by using valuation techniques. Significant
               estimates on assumptions, such as risk-free interest rate, volatility, dividend yield and lack of marketability
               discount are made based on management’s best estimates. Further details are included in Note 27.

      (d)      Principal versus agent considerations
               Determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in the provision of certain services to
               its customers require judgment and consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. In evaluation of the
               Group’s role as a principal or agent, the Group considers whether the Group controls the specified good or
               service before it is transferred to the customer. If the conclusion is not clear, the Group further considers the
               indicators of control, individually or in combination, including (i) primarily responsibility for fulfilling the contract,
               (ii) inventory risk, and (iii) discretion in establishing prices.

      (e)      Income taxes
               Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income tax. There are many transactions
               and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business.
               The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional
               tax will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially
               recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax assets and liabilities in the year in which
               such determination is made.

               For temporary differences or tax losses which give rise to deferred tax assets, the Group assesses the
               likelihood that the deferred tax assets could be recovered. Deferred tax assets are recognised based on the
               Group’s estimates and assumptions that they will be recovered from taxable income arising from continuing
               operations in the foreseeable future.



112         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                          As at December 31,
                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

    Assets as per balance sheets
    Financial assets at FVTPL:
    – Listed equity securities                                                               3,011                         –
    – Unlisted equity securities                                                           333,684                   113,695
    – Wealth management products                                                           310,032                         –
    – Preferred shares investments                                                               –                     3,634
    – Fund investments                                                                     896,757                   817,873

    Financial assets at amortised cost:
    – Trade receivables                                                                  2,340,882              3,085,640
    – Other receivables (excluding deductible value-added input tax)                       361,255                196,553
    – Term bank deposits                                                                   944,018                964,662
    – Restricted cash                                                                          465                  2,511
    – Cash and cash equivalents                                                          1,997,010                858,618


                                                                                         7,187,114              6,043,186


    Liabilities as per balance sheets
    Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
    – Trade payables                                                                     1,172,241              2,183,263
    – Other payables and accruals (excluding payroll payables and
       other taxes payables)                                                                12,265                    64,365
    – Borrowings                                                                           201,883                     5,883
    – Payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                               18,840                    18,840
    Lease liabilities                                                                       11,555                    22,479


                                                                                         1,416,784              2,294,830




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      6.1   Financial risk factors
            The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk,
            interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management program
            focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the
            Group’s financial performance. Risk management is carried out by the senior management of the Group.

            (a)    Market risk
                   Foreign exchange risk
                   Foreign exchange risk primarily arises from recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency
                   other than the functional currency of entities comprising the Group. The Group operates mainly in the
                   PRC with most of the transactions settled in RMB.

                   If RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% against United States dollar (“USD”) with all other
                   variables held constant, the loss before tax for the year ended December 31, 2025 would have been
                   approximately RMB93,787,000 (2024: RMB43,427,000) higher/lower, respectively, as a result of net
                   foreign exchange losses on translation of net monetary assets denominated in USD.

                   Interest rate risk
                   As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Group’s interest rate risk primarily arose from borrowings,
                   term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents. Those carried at floating rates expose the Group
                   to cash flow interest rate risk whereas those carried at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value
                   interest rate risk.

                   All the Group’s interest bearing borrowings bear fixed interest rates as at December 31, 2025 and
                   2024, and hence are not subject to cash flow interest rate risk.

                   If the interest rate of cash and cash equivalents had been 50 basis points higher/lower, the loss before
                   income tax for the year ended December 31, 2025 would have been approximately RMB9,985,000
                   (2024: RMB4,293,000) lower/higher, respectively.

                   The Group regularly monitors its interest rate risk to ensure there is no undue exposure to significant
                   interest rate movements.

                   Price risk
                   The Group is exposed to price risk in respect of the long-term investments and short-term investments
                   held by the Group and classified in the balance sheet as at FVTPL. The Group is not exposed to
                   commodity price risk. To manage its price risk arising from the investments, the Group diversifies its
                   portfolio. The investments are managed by management one by one, either for strategic purposes, or
                   for the purpose of achieving investment yield and balancing the Group’s liquidity level simultaneously.
                   The sensitivity analysis is performed by management as set out in Note 6.3.




114     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
    6.1   Financial risk factors (continued)
          (b)   Credit risk
                The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, term
                bank deposits, trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets. The carrying amounts of each
                class of the above financial assets and contract assets represent the Group’s maximum exposure to
                credit risk in relation to financial assets and contract assets.

                To manage risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and term bank deposits, the
                Group only transacts with state-owned banks and reputable or licensed financial institutions. There
                has been no recent history of default in relation to these financial institutions.

                To manage risk arising from trade receivables and contract assets, the Group has policies in place to
                ensure that sales with credit terms are made to counterparties with an appropriate credit history and
                the management performs ongoing credit evaluations of its counterparties. The credit period granted
                to the customers is usually no more than 90 days and the credit quality of these customers are
                assessed by taking into account their financial position, past experience and other factors.

                For other receivables, management makes periodic collective assessments as well as individual
                assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past
                experiences.

                Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
                The Group performs impairment assessment under the ECL model on financial assets at amortised
                cost (mainly including trade receivables and other receivables) and contract assets. The amount of
                ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

                While cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and term bank deposits are also subject to the
                impairment requirements of IFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.

                Trade receivables and contract assets
                For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applied the simplified approach permitted by
                IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the trade
                receivables and contract assets. To measure ECL, trade receivables and contract assets have been
                grouped based on their nature and risk characteristics, and then analysing their aging information
                and historical observed default rate before further incorporating forward-looking information that is
                reasonable and supportable, and available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date. Details
                of credit loss allowance of trade receivables and contract assets as at December 31, 2025 and 2024
                were included in Notes 22 and 7(b), respectively.




                                                                   Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025    115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      6.1   Financial risk factors (continued)
            (b)   Credit risk (continued)
                  Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
                  Other receivables
                  Other receivables mainly include deposits and other receivables from third party customers. The
                  management of the Group makes periodic collective assessments as well as individual assessment
                  on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past experiences.
                  The Group measures credit risk using Probability of Default (“PD”), Exposure at Default (“EAD”) and
                  Loss Given Default (“LGD”). This is similar to the approach used for the purposes of measuring ECL
                  under IFRS 9.

                  •      Other receivables that are not credit-impaired on initial recognition are classified in ‘Stage 1’
                         and have their credit risk continuously monitored by the Group. The ECL is measured on a
                         12-month basis.

                  •      If a significant increase in credit risk (specifically, when the debtor is more than 30 day past
                         due on its contractual payments) since initial recognition is identified, the financial instrument
                         is moved to ‘Stage 2’ but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired. The ECL is measured on
                         lifetime basis.

                  •      If the financial instrument is credit-impaired (specifically, when the debtor is more than 90 days
                         past due on its contractual payments), the financial instrument is then moved to ‘Stage 3’. The
                         ECL is measured on lifetime basis.

                  Write-off policy
                  Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators
                  that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include ceasing enforcement activity. Where
                  receivables have been written off, the Group continues to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to
                  recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these are recognised in profit or loss.




116     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
    6.1   Financial risk factors (continued)
          (c)    Liquidity risk
                 The Group aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents. Due to the dynamic nature of the
                 underlying business, the policy of the Group is to regularly monitor the Group’s liquidity risk and to
                 maintain adequate cash and cash equivalents or adjust financing arrangements to meet the Group’s
                 liquidity requirements.

                 The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities that will be settled on a net
                 basis into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at each balance sheet date to
                 the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted
                 cash flows.

                                                                                   Between     Between           Total
                                                                  Less than      1 year and 2 years and    contractual      Carrying
                                                                     1 year         2 years     5 years     cash flows       amount
                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                 At December 31, 2025
                 Borrowings                                          29,846          5,953      179,952        215,751        201,883
                 Trade payables                                   1,172,241              –            –      1,172,241      1,172,241
                 Other payables (excluding payroll payables and
                   other taxes payables)                             12,265              –             –       12,265         12,265
                 Lease liabilities                                   10,532          1,029             –       11,561         11,555
                 Payable for acquisition of subsidiaries             20,000              –             –       20,000         18,840


                 At December 31, 2024
                 Borrowings                                           5,907              –             –         5,907          5,883
                 Trade payables                                   2,183,263              –             –     2,183,263      2,183,263
                 Other payables (excluding payroll payables and
                   other taxes payables)                             64,365              –            –        64,365         64,365
                 Lease liabilities                                   11,689         10,031        1,743        23,463         22,479
                 Payable for acquisition of subsidiaries             20,000              –            –        20,000         18,840

    6.2   Capital management
          The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
          concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an
          optimal capital structure to enhance shareholders’ value in the long-term.

          The Group monitors capital by regularly reviewing the capital structure. As a part of this review, the Group
          considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with the issued share capital. The Group may return
          capital to shareholders, issue new shares or repurchase the Company’s shares. In the opinion of the
          directors of the Company, the Group’s capital risk is not significant.

          The directors of the Company believe that the Group’s available cash and cash equivalents as well as
          access to borrowing facilities, will be sufficient to fund capital expenditures, debt servicing and other cash
          requirements going forward.


                                                                              Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025        117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      6.3   Fair value estimation
            The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at each balance sheet
            dates, by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised
            into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

            •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1);

            •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                  either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2); and

            •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                  inputs) (level 3).

            The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at December 31,
            2025 and 2024.

                                                                   Level 1          Level 2         Level 3       Total
                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

            At December 31, 2025
            Assets
            Long-term investments measured at FVTPL                        –              –          711,131     711,131
            Short-term investments measured at FVTPL                   3,011        310,032          519,310     832,353


                                                                       3,011        310,032        1,230,441    1,543,484


            At December 31, 2024
            Assets
            Long-term investments measured at FVTPL                         –               –        459,968     459,968
            Short-term investments measured at FVTPL                        –               –        475,234     475,234


                                                                            –               –        935,202     935,202

            The fair value of short-term investments measured at FVTPL categorised as level 1 were determined by
            quoted prices in active markets.

            The fair value of short-term investments measured at FVTPL categorised as level 2 were determined by
            quoted market values provided by financial institutions which represented the fair value of the underlying
            investments.

            In addition, there is a contingent put option granted to the buyer from the partial disposal of a subsidiary
            with loss of control during the year ended December 31, 2024 (see Note35(b)), according to which, if the
            buyer does not pay the consideration to the Group in certain situation, the buyer could put his shares to the
            Group. The Group recognised such consideration receivable with the embedded put option as financial assets
            measured at fair value and evaluates the fair value of the consideration receivable at every balance sheet
            date. As at December 31, 2025, the balance of the fair value measured consideration receivables from the
            partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control were RMB65,997,000 (2024: RMB72,598,000), recorded
            in prepayments and other receivables.

118     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
    6.3   Fair value estimation (continued)
          The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of unlisted equity securities measured at
          FVTPL during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                         2025                    2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000

          At the beginning of the year                                                  113,695                    84,858
          Additions                                                                     218,920                         –
          Changes in fair value                                                           1,069                    28,837


          At the end of the year                                                        333,684                   113,695

          The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of preferred shares investments measured at
          FVTPL for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                         2025                    2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000

          At the beginning of the year                                                       3,634                 20,372
          Disposals                                                                              –                  (3,091)
          Changes in fair value                                                             (3,634)               (13,647)


          At the end of the year                                                                 –                  3,634

          The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of fund investments measured at FVTPL for
          the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                         2025                    2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000

          At the beginning of the year                                                  817,873                807,084
          Additions                                                                     196,152              1,069,592
          Dividends                                                                           –                  (2,207)
          Disposals                                                                    (150,399)            (1,081,824)
          Changes in fair value                                                          33,131                 23,021


          At the end of the year                                                        896,757                   817,873

          The Group has a team that manages the valuation of level 3 instruments for financial reporting purposes.
          The team manages the valuation exercise of the investments on a case by case basis. At least once every
          year, the team would use valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the Group’s level 3 instruments.
          External valuation experts were involved when necessary.

                                                                   Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025        119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      6.3   Fair value estimation (continued)
            As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the valuation of the level 3 instruments mainly included long-term
            investments in unlisted equity securities, preferred shares and fund investments measured at FVTPL and
            short-term investments in wealth management products and fund investments measured at FVTPL. As
            these instruments are not traded in an active market, their fair values have been determined by using various
            applicable valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows and market approach etc.

            The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in
            recurring level 3 fair value measurements.

                                                             Fair values             Significant                    Range of inputs           Relationship of unobservable
            Description                                  As at December 31,          unobservable inputs          As at December 31,          inputs to fair values
                                                           2025           2024                                       2025              2024
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

            Long-term investments measured at FVPTL:
            – Unlisted equity securities and             333,684           117,329   Expected volatility    43.57%-61.84%     47.56%-61.79%   The higher the expected volatility, the
              preferred shares investments                                                                                                      lower the fair value
                                                                                     Discount for lack of   10.00%-22.00%     18.00%-26.00%   The higher the DLOM, the lower the
                                                                                       marketability                                            fair value
                                                                                       (“DLOM”)
            – Fund investments (note)                    377,447           342,639   N/A                             N/A                N/A   N/A

                                                         711,131           459,968

            Short-term investments measured at FVTPL:
            – Fund investments (note)                    519,310           475,234   N/A                             N/A                N/A   N/A

                                                         519,310           475,234

            Note:       The Group determines the fair values of its fund investments as at the reporting date based on the reported net asset values of
                        the respective funds as provided and evaluated by fund managers.


            If the fair values of the above long-term investments and short-term investments measured at FVTPL held by
            the Group had been 0.5% higher/lower, the loss before tax for the year ended December 31, 2025 would
            have been approximately RMB6,152,000 (2024: RMB4,698,000) lower/higher, respectively.

            The Group believes that any reasonably possible change in assumptions used for the significant unobservable
            inputs would not have any significant impact on the Group’s profit or loss.

            There were no transfers between level 1, 2 and 3 of fair value hierarchy classifications during the years ended
            December 31, 2025 and 2024.

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value including cash and
            cash equivalents, restricted cash, term bank deposits, trade receivables and other receivables, and the
            Group’s financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value, including borrowings, lease liabilities, trade
            payables, other payables and payable for acquisition of subsidiaries, approximate their fair values due to their
            short maturities or the financial assets/liabilities bear interests at interest rates that are close to the market
            interest rates.

120     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.               Annual Report 2025
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




7   SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE
    The Group’s business activities primarily involve the operation of AI platform, and provision of API and Agentic AI
    services in the PRC.

    The Group’s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer, who reviews
    consolidated results when making strategic decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the
    Group as a whole and hence, the Group has only one reportable segment. The Group does not distinguish between
    markets or segments for the purpose of internal reports. As substantially all of the Group’s non-current assets are
    located in the PRC and substantially all of the Group’s revenue are derived from the PRC based on the delivery
    location of the goods and services, no geographical information is presented.

    (a)   Revenue
          For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue from contracts with customers of approximately
          RMB6,552,191,000 (2024: RMB4,965,352,000) was from operations of AI Platform, and revenue of
          approximately RMB583,095,000 (2024: RMB295,298,000) was from provision of API and Agentic AI
          services.

          The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services at a point in time and over time are
          analysed as follows:

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

          Point in time                                                               7,121,797              5,237,020
          Over time                                                                      13,489                 23,630


                                                                                      7,135,286              5,260,650

          For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue from contracts with customers of approximately
          RMB1,918,548,000 (2024: RMB558,295,000) was derived from an independent external customer which
          accounted for approximately 26.9% (2024: 10.6%) of the Group’s revenue.




                                                                    Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025    121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




7     SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE (continued)
      (b)      Contract assets
               The Group has recognised the following assets related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                             As at December 31,
                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

               Contract assets
                 – Current portion                                                               1,289                1,055
                 – Non-current portion                                                               –                1,271


                                                                                                 1,289                2,326
               Less: credit loss allowance                                                         (23)                  (64)


                                                                                                 1,266                2,262

               Contract assets are generally the final payments of revenue contracts which are due at the end of the quality
               assurance period (1–3 years). Contract assets are recorded as the Group has no right on these amounts of
               consideration when the related revenue is recognised.

      (c)      Contract liabilities
               The Group has recognised the following liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                        As at December 31,                  As at January 1,
                                                                           2025                 2024                 2024
                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000

               Contract liabilities                                      305,031              173,055               146,184

               Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while the
               underlying services are yet to be provided. Due to the generally short-term duration of the relevant contracts,
               a majority of the contract liabilities are recognised in the following year.

               The following table shows the revenue recognised in the current reporting year related to carried-forward
               contract liabilities:

                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

               Revenue recognised that was included in the
                 contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                            112,442                49,573




122         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025
                                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




7   SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE (continued)
    (d)     Unsatisfied performance obligations
            The following table shows unsatisfied performance obligations resulting from long-term contracts:

                                                                                                           As at December 31,
                                                                                                             2025                      2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000

            Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to
              long-term contracts that are partially or fully unsatisfied                                    49,226                      7,024

            Management expects that 49% and 56% of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance
            obligations as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, will be recognised as revenue within one year.
            The remaining 51% and 44% will be recognised over one year.

            Other contracts at the end of each reporting period had an original expected duration of one year or less
            and thus the Group applied the expedient under IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for not
            disclosing of unsatisfied performance obligations.

8   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                             2025                      2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000

    Government grants (note)                                                                                 43,040                    24,485
    Value-added tax and other tax refunds                                                                    52,869                    95,517
    Others                                                                                                      332                       143


                                                                                                             96,241                  120,145

    Note:   Government grants primarily relate to grants in connection with the Group’s contributions to technology development and investments in
            local business districts. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these incomes.




                                                                                   Phancy Group Co., Ltd.       Annual Report 2025          123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




9     OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES, NET
                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

      Fair value changes on financial assets at FVTPL                                  34,273           39,815
        – Listed equity securities                                                       1,911               –
        – Unlisted equity securities                                                     1,069          28,837
        – Preferred shares investments                                                  (3,634)        (13,647)
        – Fund investments                                                              33,131          23,021
        – Wealth management products                                                     1,796           1,604
      Foreign exchange (losses)/gains, net                                             (58,525)          6,872
      Gain on partial disposal/dilution of an investment accounted for using the
        equity method                                                                  12,582             5,313
      Gain on partial disposals of subsidiaries with loss of control (Note 35)          6,375           67,151
      Loss on disposal of property and equipment                                         (203)                –
      Others                                                                            6,708            (7,470)


                                                                                        1,210          111,681

10    EXPENSES BY NATURE
                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

      Employee benefit expenses                                                        231,598         443,363
      Share-based payment expenses                                                      44,108           3,797
      Cloud service and other technical service fees                                   723,816         233,264
      Technology service fees                                                        2,045,698       2,595,768
      Cost of finished goods sold                                                    4,046,529       2,064,221
      Advertising and marketing expenses                                               155,233         148,179
      Depreciation and amortisation
        – Property and equipment                                                       12,075           22,400
        – Right-of-use assets                                                           9,846           22,488
        – Intangible assets                                                             4,317           16,890
      Auditor’s remuneration
        – audit services                                                                2,200            5,100
        – non-audit services                                                            1,000              100
      Other professional fees                                                          16,082           20,185
      Business travel expenses                                                          6,591           18,767
      Impairment provision for inventories                                              3,277            6,192
      Others                                                                           46,438           46,883


                                                                                     7,348,808       5,647,597




124      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
                                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                                        195,900                    362,720
     Contributions to pension plans                                                                      19,616                     44,598
     Other social security costs, housing benefits and other employee benefits                           19,617                     47,660
     Share-based payment expenses (Note 27)                                                              44,108                      3,797

                                                                                                        279,241                    458,775
     Amount capitalised as contract fulfilment cost (Note 21)                                            (3,535)                    (11,615)

                                                                                                        275,706                    447,160

     (a)    Five highest paid individuals
            The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group include 2 directors (2024: 1) during
            the year ended December 31, 2025. The emoluments of the directors of the Company (2024: directors and
            supervisors of the Company) during the year ended December 31, 2025 are reflected in the note (b) below.
            The emoluments payable to the remaining 3 (2024: 4) individuals are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Wages and salaries                                                                                4,418                  6,384
            Discretionary bonuses                                                                             1,368                  2,748
            Contributions to pension plans                                                                      190                    259
            Other social security costs, housing benefits and other employee
              benefits                                                                                          264                    365
            Share-based payment expenses                                                                     31,083                      –

                                                                                                             37,323                  9,756

            The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                              2025                    2024

            HKD0 to HKD1,000,000                                                                                  –                       1
            HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                                                         1                       2
            HKD10,000,001 to HKD10,500,000                                                                        1                       1
            HKD20,500,001 to HKD21,000,000                                                                        1                       –

                                                                                                                  3                       4

            Note 1: Share-based payment expenses are included.

            Note 2: There is no individual whose emolument falls within any unlisted band.


                                                                                    Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025        125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
      (b)      Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors
               The remuneration of each director and supervisor of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025
               are set out as follows:

                                                                                                     Other social
                                                                                                   security costs,
                                                                                                         housing
                                                                                                     benefits and
                                                                                     Contributions          other        Share-based
                                                             Wages and Discretionary   to pension      employee              payment
                                                   Fees        salaries     bonuses          plans       benefits           expenses          Total
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000

               Executive directors
               – Dai Wenyuan                           –             761            285             63              88              –           1,197
               – Chen Yuqiang                          –           1,533            570             68              96              –           2,267
               – Yu Zhonghao                           –           1,560            570             54              87              –           2,271

               Non-executive directors
               – Yang Qiang                            –               –              –               –              –              –               –
               – Zhang Jing                            –               –              –               –              –              –               –
               – Dou Shuai                             –               –              –               –              –              –               –

               Independent non-executive
                 directors
               – Li Jianbin                          450               –              –               –              –              –            450
               – Liu Chijin                          450               –              –               –              –              –            450
               – Ke Yele                             450               –              –               –              –              –            450
               – Liu Zhuzhan (note (i))              232               –              –               –              –              –            232
               – Pan Jialin (note (ii))                –               –              –               –              –              –              –

               Supervisors
               – Shao Liling                           –            789             148             68              96              –           1,101
               – Zhou Wenjing                          –            252               –             11              16              –             279

               Employee representative
                 director
               – Chai Yifei (note (iii))               –           1,584            570             54              89          1,297           3,594

                                                   1,582           6,479          2,143            318             472          1,297          12,291

               Notes:

               (i)       Liu Zhuzhan has been appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on June 26, 2025 and resigned as
                         an independent non-executive director of the Company on December 19, 2025.

               (ii)      Pan Jialin has been appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on December 19, 2025.

               (iii)     Chai Yifei has been elected as the employee representative director of the Company on June 26, 2025. Prior to that, Chai Yifei
                         served as a supervisor of the Company.

               (iv)      The resolution of abolishment of the supervisory committee of the Company was approved by the shareholders on June 26,
                         2025.

126         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.         Annual Report 2025
                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
     (b)   Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (continued)
           The remuneration of each director and supervisor of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024
           are set out as follows:

                                                                                                      Other social
                                                                                                    security costs,
                                                                                                  housing benefits
                                                                                    Contributions       and other
                                                       Wages and    Discretionary     to pension        employee
                                             Fees        salaries       bonuses             plans          benefits        Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

           Executive directors
           – Dai Wenyuan                         –           720             285              66                93         1,164
           – Chen Yuqiang                        –         1,510             570              66                93         2,239
           – Yu Zhonghao                         –         1,481             570              65               103         2,219

           Non-executive directors
           – Yang Qiang                          –             –               –               –                 –             –
           – Zhang Jing                          –             –               –               –                 –             –
           – Dou Shuai                           –             –               –               –                 –             –

           Independent non-executive
             directors
           – Li Jianbin                       450              –               –               –                 –          450
           – Liu Chijin                       450              –               –               –                 –          450
           – Ke Yele                          450              –               –               –                 –          450

           Supervisors
           – Chai Yifei                          –         1,795             570              69               107         2,541
           – Zhou Wenjing                        –         2,233             570              66                93         2,962
           – Shao Liling                         –           789             148              66                93         1,096


                                             1,350         8,528           2,713             398               582        13,571

     (c)   Directors’ and supervisors’ retirement and termination benefits
           No retirement and termination benefits were paid or payable to the directors or supervisors during both years.

     (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ and supervisors’
           services
           No consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ or supervisors’ services during both
           years.




                                                                      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.       Annual Report 2025       127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
      (e)      Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favor of directors and
               supervisors, controlled body corporates by and connected entities with such directors
               and supervisors
               No loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favor of directors or supervisors, controlled body corporates by
               and connected entities with such directors or supervisors subsisted as at year end date.

      (f)      Directors’ and supervisors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
               No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
               Company was a party and in which a director or supervisor of the Company had a material interest, whether
               directly or indirectly, subsisted as at year end date.

      (g)      Inducement to join the Group and compensation for loss of office
               No directors, supervisors or five highest paid individuals received any emolument from the Group as an
               inducement to join or upon joining the Group or compensation for loss of office for both years.

12    FINANCE INCOME AND FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

      Finance income:
      Interest income from bank deposits                                                     72,145               49,077
      Interest income from loans to related parties                                           2,192                  203
      Others                                                                                  2,983                2,586


                                                                                             77,320               51,866


      Finance costs:
      Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                     (691)              (1,622)
      Interest expense on borrowings                                                             (72)              (1,446)
      Amortised amounts on payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                 –               (2,830)
      Others                                                                                    (268)                (239)


                                                                                              (1,031)              (6,137)




128         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13   INCOME TAX CREDIT/(EXPENSES)
     The income tax credit/(expense) of the Group for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are analysed as
     follows:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Current tax                                                                                   –                   (604)
     Deferred tax                                                                              1,992                 (5,575)


     Income tax credit/(expenses)                                                              1,992                 (6,179)

     The tax on the Group’s loss before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the statutory tax
     rate applicable to loss of the Group as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Loss before tax                                                                          39,770                290,088


     Tax calculated at statutory income tax rate of 25% in the PRC
       (Note (a))                                                                              9,943                 72,522
     Tax effects of:
       – Effect of lower tax rates in other jurisdictions (Notes (b), (c))                    (3,560)                 (1,328)
       – Preferential income tax rate applicable to subsidiaries (Note (d))                   52,657                (11,304)
       – Tax losses and temporary differences for which no deferred
          tax assets were recognised                                                     (159,335)              (122,084)
       – Non-taxable income and non-deductible expenses, net                               18,421                 26,998
       – Super Deduction for research and development expenses (Note (e))                  11,090                 21,905
       – Impact of share of results and net gains on disposal/dilution of
          investments accounted for using the equity method                                      489                     19
       – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                    72,287                  7,093


     Income tax credit/(expenses)                                                              1,992                 (6,179)




                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025        129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13    INCOME TAX CREDIT/(EXPENSES) (continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      Enterprise income tax in The PRC (“EIT”)

               The income tax provision of the Group in respect of its operations in the PRC was calculated at tax rate of 25% on the assessable profits
               for the respective year presented, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

      (b)      Hong Kong Profits Tax

               The entity incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax of which the tax rate is 8.25% for assessable profits in the first
               HKD2 million and 16.5% for any assessable profits in excess of HKD2 million.

               No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made as the Group had no estimated assessable profit that was subject to Hong Kong Profits
               Tax during the years presented.

      (c)      Singapore income tax

               The entity incorporated in Singapore is subject to Singapore income tax at a rate of 17% for taxable income earned in Singapore.

               No provision for Singapore income tax was made as the Group had no estimated assessable profit that was subject to Singapore income
               tax during the years presented.

      (d)      Preferential EIT rate

               Certain subsidiaries in the PRC are entitled to preferential EIT rate of 15%, mainly include a subsidiary of the Company in the PRC which
               was approved as High and New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) in December 2016 and renewed the qualification in December 2019,
               November 2022 and October 2025, hence it enjoys a preferential income tax rate of 15% from December 2016 to October 2028.

      (e)      Super Deduction for research and development expenses

               As announced by the State Taxation Administration of the PRC in March 2023, all enterprises engaging in research and development
               activities would entitle to claim 200% of their research and development expenses (“Super Deduction”) from January 1, 2023. The Group
               has made its best estimate for the Super Deduction to be claimed for the Group’s entities in ascertaining their assessable profits.




130         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.      Annual Report 2025
                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14   LOSS PER SHARE
     The basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted
     average number of ordinary shares in issue during the respective years. In determining the weighted average
     number of ordinary shares in issue, treasury stock and shares held for share award schemes are excluded from the
     calculation.

     Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
     assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. As the Group incurred losses for both years, the potential
     ordinary shares were not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
     Hence, diluted loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are the same as basic loss per
     share for the respective years.

                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                   2024

     Loss attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                     (26,266)              (268,788)
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue excluding treasury
       stock and shares held for share award schemes (thousand shares)                        500,025                   465,649


     Basic and diluted loss per share for loss attributable to owners of the
       Company (expressed in RMB per share)                                                        (0.05)                 (0.58)

15   LEASES
     The Group leases certain of its offices under operating lease arrangements, which are negotiated for terms within 2
     years (2024: 3 months to 3 years).

     The consolidated balance sheets include the following amounts relating to leases:

     (a)    Right-of-use assets
            The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the years ended
            December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000

            At the beginning of the year                                                          24,299                 44,363
            Additions                                                                                292                 29,393
            Depreciation charge                                                                   (9,846)               (22,488)
            Derecognition upon termination of leases                                                   –                (24,567)
            Partial disposal of subsidiaries with loss of control (Note 35)                         (191)                 (2,402)


            At the end of the year                                                                14,554                 24,299




                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025        131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15    LEASES (continued)
      (b)      Lease liabilities
               The carrying amounts of the Group’s lease liabilities as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                           As at December 31,
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

               Current                                                                       10,532               11,009
               Non-current                                                                    1,023               11,470


                                                                                             11,555               22,479

               The consolidated statements of comprehensive income show the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                      9,846              22,488
               Interest expense                                                                  691               1,622
               Expense relating to short-term leases                                             735                  95

               The total cash outflows for leases during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was
               RMB11,907,000 and RMB25,564,000, respectively, including principal elements of lease payments of
               approximately RMB11,216,000 and RMB23,942,000, respectively, and related interest paid of approximately
               RMB691,000 and RMB1,622,000, during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.




132         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                 Server and
                                                     Land and     electronic        Office   Leasehold
                                                     buildings   equipment      equipment improvements                 Total
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000               RMB’000

     At January 1, 2025
     Cost                                                   –        44,458         46,580            7,452            98,490
     Accumulated depreciation                               –       (27,648)       (31,122)          (5,035)          (63,805)

     Net book amount                                        –        16,810         15,458            2,417            34,685

     Year ended December 31, 2025
     Opening net book amount                                –        16,810         15,458            2,417            34,685
     Additions                                        190,643        69,690              –            9,978           270,311
     Disposals                                              –           (37)        (1,009)               –            (1,046)
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of
       control (Note 35)                                    –           (663)          (99)             (76)             (838)
     Depreciation charge                                    –         (5,323)       (5,460)          (1,292)          (12,075)

     Closing net book amount                          190,643        80,477          8,890          11,027            291,037

     At December 31, 2025
     Cost                                             190,643       111,165         44,871          17,254            363,933
     Accumulated depreciation                               –       (30,688)       (35,981)         (6,227)           (72,896)

     Net book amount                                  190,643        80,477          8,890          11,027            291,037

     At January 1, 2024
     Cost                                                   –        38,027         46,608           34,627           119,262
     Accumulated depreciation                               –       (22,695)       (26,112)         (23,408)           (72,215)

     Net book amount                                        –        15,332         20,496          11,219             47,047

     Year ended December 31, 2024
     Opening net book amount                                –        15,332         20,496          11,219             47,047
     Additions                                              –        10,115          1,803           2,704             14,622
     Disposals                                              –          (116)          (252)              –               (368)
     Partial disposal of subsidiaries with loss of
       control                                              –         (1,721)         (748)          (1,747)            (4,216)
     Depreciation charge                                    –         (6,800)       (5,841)          (9,759)          (22,400)

     Closing net book amount                                –        16,810         15,458            2,417            34,685

     At December 31, 2024
     Cost                                                   –        44,458         46,580            7,452            98,490
     Accumulated depreciation                               –       (27,648)       (31,122)          (5,035)          (63,805)


     Net book amount                                        –        16,810         15,458            2,417            34,685


                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025        133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
      Depreciation charges were expensed off in the following categories in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
      income:

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

      Research and development expenses                                                    7,537              13,045
      Administrative expenses                                                              4,336               8,163
      Selling and marketing expenses                                                         202               1,192


                                                                                          12,075              22,400




134      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                 Software
                                                                      and                         Customer             Brand
                                                     Goodwill    copyright      Technology      relationship           name            Total
                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

     At January 1, 2025
     Cost                                             165,639       34,786          11,100           30,800             6,700         249,025
     Accumulated amortisation                               –      (33,763)         (7,770)         (15,400)           (2,345)        (59,278)

     Net book amount                                  165,639        1,023            3,330          15,400             4,355         189,747

     Year ended December 31, 2025
     Opening net book amount                          165,639        1,023            3,330          15,400             4,355         189,747
     Additions                                              –          125                –               –                 –             125
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of
     control (Note 35)                               (165,639)           –           (2,220)        (13,200)           (4,020)       (185,079)
     Amortisation charge                                    –         (672)          (1,110)         (2,200)             (335)         (4,317)

     Closing net book amount                                –         476                  –               –                 –            476

     At December 31, 2025
     Cost                                                   –       34,890                 –               –                 –         34,890
     Accumulated amortisation                               –      (34,414)                –               –                 –        (34,414)

     Net book amount                                        –         476                  –               –                 –            476

     At January 1, 2024
     Cost                                             335,801       41,057           48,300          97,200              6,700        529,058
     Accumulated amortisation                               –      (33,425)         (24,685)        (43,595)            (1,675)      (103,380)

     Net book amount                                  335,801        7,632          23,615           53,605             5,025         425,678

     Year ended December 31, 2024
     Opening net book amount                          335,801        7,632          23,615           53,605             5,025         425,678
     Additions                                              –          735               –                –                 –             735
     Partial disposal of subsidiaries with loss of
     control                                         (170,162)      (4,674)         (15,763)        (29,177)                –        (219,776)
     Amortisation charge                                    –       (2,670)           (4,522)         (9,028)            (670)         (16,890)

     Closing net book amount                          165,639        1,023            3,330          15,400             4,355         189,747

     At December 31, 2024
     Cost                                             165,639       34,786          11,100           30,800              6,700        249,025
     Accumulated amortisation                               –      (33,763)          (7,770)        (15,400)            (2,345)        (59,278)

     Net book amount                                  165,639        1,023            3,330          15,400             4,355         189,747



                                                                                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.          Annual Report 2025        135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
      Amortisation charges were expensed off in the following categories in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
      income:

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

      Research and development expenses                                                      1,322                4,779
      Administrative expenses                                                                  795                1,958
      Selling and marketing expenses                                                         2,200               10,153


                                                                                             4,317               16,890

      Impairment losses
      As at December 31, 2024, the Goodwill of RMB165,639,000 was arisen from the acquisition of Beijing Ideal
      Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Ideal Technology”) on June 30, 2021. Ideal Technology was mainly engaged in
      provision of digital operation and maintenance platform and solutions. Management considered Ideal Technology
      was a stand-alone cash generating unit (the “CGU”) since management allocate resources to and assess the
      performance obligations of Ideal Technology as a whole business unit. Therefore, management allocated the
      aforesaid goodwill to the CGU of Ideal Technology.

      The impairment reviews of the goodwill arising from the acquisition of Ideal Technology had been conducted by
      the management as at December 31, 2024. For the purposes of the impairment review, the recoverable amount
      of the CGU of Ideal Technology was determined based on value in use calculations by using the discounted cash
      flow method. For goodwill related to acquisition of Ideal Technology, management forecasted that the revenue
      compound annual growth rate in the five-year period from the balance sheet date of December 31, 2024 was
      20.8%, and the cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using a terminal growth rate of 2.0%. Pre-
      tax discount rate of 18.2% was used to reflect market assessment of time value and the specific risks relating to
      the CGU for the impairment reviews as at December 31, 2024. The values assigned to the key assumptions and
      discount rates were consistent with external information sources. The directors of the Company had considered and
      assessed that any reasonably possible changes in key parameters would not cause the carrying amount of the CGU
      of Ideal Technology exceeded its recoverable amount.

      For sensitivity analysis conducted during the impairment review as at December 31, 2024, had there been a
      reduction of the revenue compound annual growth rate of the first five years by 2.7 percentage point, a reduction of
      terminal growth rate by 1.9 percentage point, or an increase in pre-tax discount rate by 1.3 percentage point in the
      value in use calculations each in isolation, the recoverable amount of the CGU of Ideal Technology would be closed
      to the breakeven point.




136      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18   PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
     As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had the following principal subsidiaries:

                                                                                                  Particulars of   Equity interest
                                           Place and date of                                  issued/registered      held as at        Principal activities and
     Name of subsidiary                    incorporation          Kind of legal entity                   capital   December 31,        place of operation                         Notes
                                                                                                                   2025         2024

     Fourth Paradigm (Beijing) Data &      The PRC,               Limited liability company   RMB2,300,000,000     100%        100%    Sales of AI platform, provision of
       Technology Co., Ltd.                  May 12, 2015                                                                                AI related services, research and
                                                                                                                                         development of technology, in The
                                                                                                                                         PRC

     Phancy (Shanghai) Intelligent         The PRC,               Limited liability company    RMB700,000,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform, provision of
       Equipment Co., Ltd. (formerly         April 1, 2017                                                                               AI related services, research and
       known as Shanghai Shishuo                                                                                                         development of technology, in The
       Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.)                                                                                                 PRC

     Beijing Fourth Paradigm Science & The PRC,             Limited liability company            RMB1,000,000      100%        100%    Investment holding and investment
       Technology Co., Ltd.              September 29, 2016                                                                               activities, in The PRC

     Phancy (Shenzhen) Holdings            The PRC,               Limited liability company    RMB800,000,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
       Investment Co., Ltd. (formerly        March 11, 2019                                                                              related services, in The PRC
       known as Fourth Paradigm
       (Shenzhen) Data & Technology
       Co., Ltd.)

     Phancy Zhilian (Beijing) Science &    The PRC,               Limited liability company     RMB10,000,000      100%        100%    Provision of AI related services, in The
       Technology Co., Ltd. (formerly        January 18, 2019                                                                            PRC
       known as Beijing Xuexian
       Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.)

     Beijing Yuntian Xinrui Technology     The PRC,             Limited liability company       RMB50,000,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
       Co., Ltd.                             September 27, 2019                                                                          related services, in The PRC

     Beijing Future Paradigm Technology The PRC,                  Limited liability company        RMB500,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
       Co., Ltd.                          May 28, 2018                                                                                   related services, in The PRC

     Phancy International Limited          Hong Kong,             Limited liability company        HKD500,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
       (formerly known as Fourth             June 1, 2018                                                                                related services, in Hong Kong
       Paradigm International Limited)

     Fourth Paradigm Southeast Asia        Singapore,             Limited liability company     Singapore Dollar   100%        100%    Sales of AI platform, provision of
       Pte. Ltd.                             July 11, 2018                                       (“SGD”) 50,000                          AI related services, research and
                                                                                                                                         development of technology, in
                                                                                                                                         Singapore

     The 4th Paradigm Europe B.V.          Netherlands,           Limited liability company Euro (“EUR”) 100,000   100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
                                             January 21, 2020                                                                            related services, in Netherlands

     Zhongyuan Putai (Beijing) Intelligent The PRC,               Limited liability company      RMB1,000,000       51%         51%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
       Technology Co., Ltd.                  April 14, 2021                                                                              related services, in The PRC




                                                                                                            Phancy Group Co., Ltd.        Annual Report 2025                      137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18    PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
      As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had the following principal subsidiaries: (continued)

                                                                                                Particulars of   Equity interest
                                           Place and date of                                issued/registered      held as at        Principal activities and
      Name of subsidiary                   incorporation        Kind of legal entity                   capital   December 31,        place of operation                         Notes
                                                                                                                 2025         2024

      Shanghai Yisahai Technology Co.,     The PRC,             Limited liability company        RMB100,000      100%        100%    Investment holding, in The PRC
        Ltd.                                 June 9, 2021

      Beijing Ideal Information Technology The PRC,             Limited liability company     RMB58,641,975       N/A      56.84%    Provision of digital operation and          (a)
        Co., Ltd.                            April 17, 2000                                                                            maintenance platform and solutions,
                                                                                                                                       in The PRC

      Zhimei Xinchuang (Beijing)           The PRC,             Limited liability company      RMB1,000,000      70%          70%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
        Technology Co., Ltd.                 October 27, 2020                                                                          related services, in The PRC

      Hefei Shanyue Intelligence           The PRC,             Limited liability company     RMB20,000,000      51%          51%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
        Technology Co., Ltd.                 March 4, 2022                                                                             related services, in The PRC

      Fourth Paradigm (Beijing) Digital    The PRC,             Limited liability company      RMB5,000,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
        Technology Co., Ltd.                 June 10, 2022                                                                             related services, in The PRC

      Shanghai Phancy Digital Software     The PRC,             Limited liability company     RMB10,000,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
        Technology Co., Ltd. (formerly       July 19, 2022                                                                             related services, in The PRC
        known as Shanghai Paradigm
        Digital Software Technology
        Co., Ltd.)

      Changchun Ideal Technology           The PRC,             Limited liability company     RMB30,000,000       N/A      56.84%    Provision of digital operation and          (a)
        Information Co., Ltd.                August 3, 2022                                                                            maintenance platform and solutions,
                                                                                                                                       in The PRC

      Phancy Data Service (Xiamen) Co., The PRC,           Limited liability company           RMB5,000,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
        Ltd. (formerly known as Paradigm November 18, 2022                                                                             related services, in The PRC
        Digital Technology (Guangzhou)
        Co., Ltd.)

      Phancy Digital Technology (Wuhan) The PRC,                Limited liability company      RMB5,000,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
        Co., Ltd. (formerly known as      December 1, 2022                                                                             related services, in The PRC
        Paradigm Digital Technology
        (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.)

      Phancy Digital Technology          The PRC,               Limited liability company      RMB5,000,000          –       100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI    (b)
        (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (formerly     December 6, 2022                                                                            related services, in The PRC
        known as Paradigm Digital
        Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.)


138        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18   PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
     As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had the following principal subsidiaries: (continued)

                                                                                                Particulars of   Equity interest
                                         Place and date of                                  issued/registered      held as at        Principal activities and
     Name of subsidiary                  incorporation          Kind of legal entity                   capital   December 31,        place of operation                         Notes
                                                                                                                 2025         2024

     Phancy Network Motion (Beijing)     The PRC,            Limited liability company         RMB5,000,000      100%        100%    Sales of AI platform and provision of AI
       Science & Technology Co.,           December 16, 2022                                                                           related services, in The PRC
       Ltd. (formerly known as Beijing
       Paradigm Pilot Technology
       Co., Ltd.)

     Beijing Phancy Empowerment     The PRC,                    Limited liability company        RMB500,000      100%        100%    Investment holding, in The PRC
       Enterprise Management          January 17, 2023
       Co., Ltd. (formerly known as
       Beijing Paradigm Empowerment
       Enterprise Management
       Co., Ltd.)

     Beijing Shiqin Enterprise           The PRC,               Limited partnership              RMB100,000      100%        100%    Investment holding, in The PRC
       Management Partnership              March 13, 2023
       (Limited Partnership)

     Beijing Shita Enterprise            The PRC,               Limited partnership              RMB100,000      100%        100%    Investment holding, in The PRC
       Management Partnership              March 13, 2023
       (Limited Partnership)

     Beijing Shijing Enterprise          The PRC,               Limited partnership              RMB100,000      100%        100%    Investment holding, in The PRC
       Management Partnership              March 13, 2023
       (Limited Partnership)

     Beijing Shijin Enterprise           The PRC,               Limited partnership              RMB100,000      100%        100%    Investment holding, in The PRC
       Management Partnership              March 13, 2023
       (Limited Partnership)

     Beijing Shixin Enterprise           The PRC,               Limited partnership              RMB100,000      100%        100%    Investment holding, in The PRC
       Management Partnership              March 13, 2023
       (Limited Partnership)

     Beijing Shili Enterprise Management The PRC,               Limited partnership              RMB100,000      100%        100%    Investment holding, in The PRC
       Partnership (Limited Partnership) March 13, 2023

     Shanghai Fan’an Technology          The PRC,               Limited liability company     RMB10,000,000      100%        100%    Research and development of
       Co., Ltd.                           June 20, 2023                                                                               technology, in The PRC




                                                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.        Annual Report 2025                      139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18    PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
      As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had the following principal subsidiaries: (continued)

                                                                                                  Particulars of   Equity interest
                                           Place and date of                                  issued/registered      held as at          Principal activities and
      Name of subsidiary                   incorporation          Kind of legal entity                   capital   December 31,          place of operation                  Notes
                                                                                                                   2025         2024

      Beijing Phancy Zhixin Technology     The PRC,             Limited liability company       RMB10,000,000      100%        100%      Research and development of
        Co., Ltd. (formerly known            September 13, 2023                                                                            technology, in The PRC
        as Beijing Paradigm Zhixin
        Technology Co., Ltd.)

      Shishuo AI International Limited     Hong Kong,             Limited liability company       HKD1,000,000     100%        100%      Research and development of
                                             August 8, 2024                                                                                technology

      Phancy (Zhuhai Hengqin) Artificial The PRC,                 Limited liability company     RMB20,000,000      100%        100%      Research and development of
        Intelligence Technology Co., Ltd. July 17, 2024                                                                                    technology
        (formerly known as Paradigm
        (Zhuhai Hengqin) Artificial
        Intelligence Technology Co., Ltd.)

      Shishuo Artificial Intelligence   The PRC,                  Limited liability company    RMB200,000,000      100%        100%      Research and development of
        Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.   April 1, 2024                                                                                    technology

      Chengdu Wuhou Phancy Pilot           The PRC,               Limited liability company      RMB1,000,000      100%              –   Research and development of          (c)
        International Hospital Co., Ltd.     July 17, 2025                                                                                 technology

      Phancy Zhilian (Shenzhen)            The PRC,               Limited liability company     RMB10,000,000      100%              –   AI application system integration    (c)
        Science & Technology Co., Ltd.       July 25, 2025                                                                                  services
        (formerly known as Shishuo
        Navigation (Shenzhen) Artificial
        Intelligence Co., Ltd.)

      Shishuo Navigation Engineering       The PRC,               Limited liability company     RMB10,000,000      100%              –   Research and development of          (c)
        Technology Research (Beijing)        March 25, 2025                                                                                technology
        Co., Ltd.

      Notes:

      (a)         The Group has partially disposed of the entity with loss of control during the year ended December 31, 2025. Details are set out in Note
                  35(a).

      (b)         The entity was deregistered during the year ended December 31, 2025.

      (c)         The entity was newly established during the year ended December 31, 2025.

      (d)         As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, no subsidiary has non-controlling interests that are material to the Group.




140         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.               Annual Report 2025
                                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




19   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
                                                                                                             As at December 31,
                                                                                                                2025                      2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000                   RMB’000

     Investments accounted for using the equity method
        – Associates                                                                                           426,000                  250,920
        – Joint ventures                                                                                       292,071                  303,589


                                                                                                               718,071                  554,509

                                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                2025                      2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000                   RMB’000

     At the beginning of the year                                                                              554,509                   53,436
     Additions (Note (a))                                                                                            –                  300,000
     Transfers from partial disposal of subsidiaries with loss of
       control (Note 35)                                                                                       168,627                  223,542
     Disposals (Note (b))                                                                                      (22,452)                  (36,093)
     Share of results                                                                                           17,410                    19,265
     Share of other comprehensive loss                                                                               –                   (10,961)
     Share of reserves of investments accounted for using the equity method                                          –                     3,798
     Increase in share of net assets due to the dilution gains                                                       –                     1,522
     Exchange difference                                                                                           (23)                        –


     At the end of the year                                                                                    718,071                  554,509

     Notes:

     (a)      In November 2024, the Group entered into a joint venture agreement to purchase 45% equity interest in Shenzhen Wake UP Technology
              Co., Ltd. (“Wake UP”) for a total cash consideration of RMB300,000,000. The Group together with other shareholders have joint control
              over Wake UP. Accordingly, the Group’s investment in Wake UP is classified as a joint venture company using the equity method of
              accounting. Its main business centers on “intelligent hardware + AI technology” providing comprehensive software and hardware solutions
              and enabling services for global clients.

     (b)      In November 2024, the group partially disposed of 10% equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei Technology for a cash consideration of
              RMB40,000,000, with a net gain of RMB3,907,000 recognised in profit or loss as other gains/losses.

              During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group partially disposed of 12% equity interest of EpicHust Technology (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.
              to an independent third party at the consideration of approximately RMB33,600,000. The Group’s equity interest to the entity has been
              reduced from 31.8% to 19.8% and the Group has maintained the significant influence on the entity. A gain on disposal of an investment
              accounted for using the equity method amounted to approximately RMB12,582,000 was recognised in profit or loss during the year
              ended December 31, 2025.


     In the opinion of the directors of the Company, none of the associates or joint venture are individually material to the
     Group.




                                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.        Annual Report 2025          141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




19    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD (continued)
      Aggregate information of investments accounted for using the equity method that are not
      individually material

                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

      The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                          17,410                8,304


      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests in these investments
        accounted for using the equity method                                                 718,071              554,509

20    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                             As at December 31,
                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

      Non-current assets
      Long-term investments measured at FVTPL
        – Unlisted equity securities (i)                                                      333,684              113,695
        – Preferred shares investments (ii)                                                         –                3,634
        – Fund investments (iii)                                                              377,447              342,639


                                                                                              711,131              459,968


      Current assets
      Short-term investments measured at FVTPL
        – Listed equity securities                                                              3,011                    –
        – Wealth management products (iv)                                                     310,032                    –
        – Fund investments (iii)                                                              519,310              475,234


                                                                                              832,353              475,234

      (i)       Unlisted equity securities
                The fair values of unlisted equity securities are measured using a valuation technique with unobserved inputs
                and hence classified as level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The major assumptions used in the valuation for
                investment in private companies have been set out in Note 6.3.

      (ii)      Preferred shares investments
                As at December 31, 2024, the preferred shares investments in the investee were ordinary shares with
                preferential rights. The Group had the right to require and demand the investees to redeem all of the shares
                held by the Group at guaranteed predetermined fixed amount upon redemption events which were out of
                control of issuers. Hence, these investments were accounted for as debt instruments and were measured at
                FVTPL. These investments are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 6.3).




142          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




20   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (continued)
     (iii)   Fund investments
             The Group invested in funds which focus on equity investments in unlisted companies and debt securities
             investments. The returns of the funds are not guaranteed and their contractual cash flows do not qualify for
             solely payments of principal and interest, hence they are measured at FVTPL. The Group determines the fair
             values of the fund investments as at the reporting date based on the reported net asset values of the funds.
             These investments are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 6.3).

             On September 17, 2021, Beijing Paradigm Artificial Intelligence Equity Investment Fund (Limited Partnership)
             (“Paradigm Fund”) was incorporated in Beijing, the PRC. Phancy (Shenzhen) Holdings Investment Co.,
             Ltd. (formerly known as Fourth Paradigm (Shenzhen) Data & Technology Co., Ltd.), the Company’s wholly
             owned subsidiary, as a limited partner, paid RMB200,000,000 and RMB40,842,000 (total investment of
             RMB240,842,000, 47.5% of the total capital contribution) on December 13, 2021 and April 11, 2024,
             respectively. The Group has elected to measure the investment in Paradigm Fund at FVTPL in accordance
             with IFRS 9. The carrying amount of this fund investment was approximately RMB279,418,000 as at
             December 31, 2025 (2024: RMB255,131,000).

             On September 26, 2023, the Group invested RMB390,000,000 in a private fund, GaoTeng Overseas Equity
             No.3 Private Equity Investment Fund. GaoTeng Overseas Private Fund Management (Hainan) Ltd. and
             Agricultural Bank of China Limited Hainan Branch are the fund manager and the fund trustee, respectively.
             The Group has no significant influence over the fund and the fund manager and the Group can redeem its
             fund shares after a lockup period of 360 days. As at December 31, 2025, this fund investment was classified
             as current assets. The carrying amount of this fund investment was approximately RMB403,966,000 as at
             December 31, 2025 (2024: RMB403,079,000).

             On September 19, 2023, the Group invested RMB155,000,000 in a private fund, Jinyi Equity A-9 Private
             Equity Investment Fund. Beijing Jinyi Asset Management Co., Ltd. and Citic Securities Company Limited are
             the fund manager and the fund trustee, respectively. The Group has no significant influence over the fund
             and the fund manager and the Group can redeem its fund shares after a lockup period of 730 days. During
             the year ended December 31, 2025, this fund investment was wholly redeemed (carrying amount of this fund
             investment as at December 31, 2024 was approximately RMB144,309,000).

             During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group invested USD16,143,000 (equivalent to approximately
             RMB116,151,000) in a fund linked note issued by a financial institution. The Group has no significant
             influence over the fund and the fund manager. As at December 31, 2025, the investment was classified as a
             current asset. The carrying amount of the investment was approximately RMB115,345,000 as at December
             31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: nil).

             During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group acquired 13.70% equity interest of Jinan Junchuan
             Technology Co., Ltd. (Limited Partnership) at a consideration of RMB50,000,000. As at December 31,
             2025, the investment was classified as a non-current asset. The carrying amount of the investment was
             approximately RMB47,659,000 (2024: nil).

     (iv)    Wealth management products
             The wealth management products are mainly denominated in RMB. The returns on all these wealth
             management products are not guaranteed and their contractual cash flows do not qualify for solely payments
             of principal and interest, hence they are measured at FVTPL. None of these investments are past due. The
             Group determines the fair value of the wealth management products based on the statement provided by the
             financial institutions. These investments are within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 6.3).



                                                                      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025   143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




20    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (continued)
      (v)      Gains recognised in profit or loss
                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

               Fair value changes on long-term investments measured at FVTPL               30,487                6,004
               Fair value changes on short-term investments measured at FVTPL               3,786               33,811


                                                                                           34,273               39,815

21    INVENTORIES
                                                                                         As at December 31,
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

      Finished goods                                                                       42,779               10,162
      Contract fulfilment cost                                                            292,802              165,247


                                                                                          335,581              175,409
      Less: provision for impairment                                                       (7,069)               (3,792)


                                                                                          328,512              171,617

      Finished goods are mainly server and other related hardware products to be delivered to customers with a quick
      turnover. Contract fulfilment cost are recognised from the costs incurred to fulfil contracts of customised AI
      applications development services, which will be recognised to cost of sales mainly within 3-6 months when the
      Group’s related performance obligations are satisfied and hence the related service contract revenue is recognised.

      Provision for impairment was recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of the inventories exceeds
      its net realisable value and was recorded in “cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
      Provision for impairment movements for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as below:

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

      At the beginning of the year                                                          (3,792)              (1,771)
      Provision for impairment                                                              (3,277)              (6,192)
      Written off                                                                                –                    5
      Partial disposals of subsidiaries with loss of control                                     –                4,166


      At the end of the year                                                                (7,069)              (3,792)




144         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22   TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

     Third parties                                                                     2,633,458              3,366,568
     Less: credit loss allowance                                                        (292,576)              (280,928)


                                                                                       2,340,882              3,085,640

     The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are mainly denominated in RMB.

     Movements on the Group’s credit loss allowance for trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

     At the beginning of the year                                                        (280,928)             (116,729)
     Credit loss allowance recognised, net                                                (13,152)             (201,055)
     Receivables written off as uncollectable                                                 575                     –
     Partial disposals of subsidiaries with loss of control                                   602                36,856
     Exchange difference                                                                      327                     –


     At the end of the year                                                              (292,576)             (280,928)

     The Group generally allows a credit period within 90 days to its customers. Aging analysis of trade receivables
     based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

     Trade receivables
     Up to 3 months                                                                         970,446           1,708,710
     3 to 6 months                                                                          511,539             875,386
     6 months to 1 year                                                                     237,756             346,588
     Over 1 year                                                                            913,717             435,884


                                                                                       2,633,458              3,366,568




                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025    145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22    TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)
      The credit loss allowance of trade receivables as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were determined as follows:

                                                                            As at December 31, 2025
                                                                        Gross         Expected               Credit
                                                                      carrying            credit               loss
                                                                      amount           loss rate         allowance
                                                                     RMB’000                 (%)          RMB’000

      For credit loss allowance measured by aging
      – Up to 1 year                                                   254,788               7.03            17,919
      – 1 year to 2 years                                               83,519              29.31            24,482
      – Over 2 years                                                   163,262              64.70           105,633

                                                                       501,569              29.51           148,034

      For credit loss allowance measured by industry
      – Leasing and business services                                1,498,781               0.87            12,994
      – Education, science and technology                               83,882               1.38             1,157

                                                                     1,582,663               0.89            14,151

      For credit loss allowance measured individually                  549,226              23.74           130,391

                                                                     2,633,458              11.11           292,576

                                                                             As at December 31, 2024
                                                                        Gross          Expected
                                                                      carrying             credit         Credit loss
                                                                      amount            loss rate         allowance
                                                                     RMB’000                  (%)          RMB’000

      For credit loss allowance measured by aging
      – Up to 1 year                                                   978,397               5.31            51,963
      – 1 year to 2 years                                              223,387              30.52            68,183
      – Over 2 years                                                   153,149              65.30           100,009

                                                                     1,354,933              16.25           220,155

      For credit loss allowance measured by industry
      – Leasing and business services                                  964,340               0.87              8,359
      – Education, science and technology                              518,900               1.38              7,156
      – Telecommunication, computer and software                       446,854               1.69              7,540

                                                                     1,930,094               1.19            23,055

      For credit loss allowance measured individually                   81,541              46.26            37,718

                                                                     3,366,568               8.34           280,928



146      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




23   PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                    2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Prepayments to suppliers (Note)                                                              547,445                  436,501
     Prepayments for plant and equipment                                                                –                   12,956
     Deductible value-added input tax                                                             204,354                   78,122
     Other receivables from third-party customers (Note 29)                                           247                   31,000
     Consideration receivables from partial disposals of subsidiaries
       with loss of control (Note 35)                                                                81,997                108,598
     Consideration receivables from the partial disposal of investment
       accounted for using the equity method (Note 19)                                             30,000                   40,000
     Receivables from related parties (Note 36)                                                   224,441                   45,326
     Rental, bidding and other deposits                                                            21,461                   13,628
     Others                                                                                         9,748                    6,400


                                                                                                1,119,693                  772,531
     Less: credit loss allowance                                                                   (6,639)                   (8,638)


                                                                                                1,113,054                  763,893


     Presented as:
     Non-current                                                                                   22,303                  227,927
     Current                                                                                    1,090,751                  535,966


                                                                                                1,113,054                  763,893

     Note:   The amount included prepayments for cloud computing services amounted to RMB234,543,000 (2024: RMB237,970,000) of which
             RMB22,303,000 (2024: RMB175,210,000) was the non-current portion classified as non-current assets.


     As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of other receivables were primarily denominated in RMB
     and approximated their fair values at each of the reporting dates.




                                                                            Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025        147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24    CASH AND BANK BALANCES
      (a)      Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

               Cash at bank and in hand                                                 1,997,010            858,618

               Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

               RMB                                                                        348,372            593,127
               USD                                                                      1,519,598            254,907
               HKD                                                                        128,161              8,939
               SGD                                                                            861              1,636
               EUR                                                                             18                  9


                                                                                        1,997,010            858,618

      (b)      Restricted cash
               Restricted cash are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

               RMB                                                                           465               2,511

               As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, restricted cash was held at bank as security deposits mainly for
               bidding, issuance of letter of guarantee or bank acceptance bills.




148         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24   CASH AND BANK BALANCES (continued)
     (c)   Term bank deposits

                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

           Included in current assets
           Short-term bank deposits                                                      356,158                  454,636
           Long-term bank deposits maturing within one year                               21,401                  105,017


                                                                                         377,559                  559,653


           Included in non-current assets
           Long-term bank deposits                                                       566,459                  405,009

           Short-term bank deposits are bank deposits with original maturities over three months but within twelve
           months and redeemable on maturity. Long-term bank deposits are bank deposits with original maturities over
           twelve months and redeemable on maturity with term ranging from 3 to 5 years. The effective interest rate for
           the short-term bank deposits was 4.05% (2024: 1.85% to 4.70%) per annum for the year ended December
           31, 2025. The effective interest rates for the long-term bank deposits were 2.15% to 3.90% (2024: 2.60% to
           3.90%) per annum for the year ended December 31, 2025.

           Term bank deposits are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

           RMB                                                                           587,860                  853,405
           USD                                                                           356,158                  111,257


                                                                                         944,018                  964,662




                                                                    Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25    SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                   Nominal
                                                                                                                                    value of
                                                                                                      Number of                    ordinary
                                                                                                 ordinary shares                     shares
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000

      Authorised and issued:

      At January 1, 2024, December 31, 2024 and January 1, 2025                                       465,858,733                    465,859
      Placing of shares (Note)                                                                         53,820,000                     53,820


      At December 31, 2025                                                                            519,678,733                    519,679

      Note:   On February 13, 2025, a total of 27,920,000 placing shares have been successfully placed by the placing agents at the placing price
              of HKD50.20 per place share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the placing agreement. The total placing price is therefore
              amounted to HKD1,401,584,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,285,056,000), comprising of RMB27,920,000 share capital and
              RMB1,257,136,000 of share premium.

              On August 14, 2025, a total of 25,900,000 placing shares have been successfully placed by the placing agents at the placing price
              of HKD50.50 per place share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the placing agreement. The total placing price is therefore
              amounted to HKD1,307,950,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,188,377,000), comprising of RMB25,900,000 share capital and
              RMB1,162,477,000 of share premium.




150      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.       Annual Report 2025
                                                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26   TREASURY STOCK AND RESERVES
                                                                                                                    Reserves
                                                                              Shares                     Share-
                                                                             held for       Capital      based        Currency
                                                             Treasury    share award        reserve    payment      translation       Other
                                                                stock       schemes       (Note (a))    reserve        reserve      reserve      Subtotal
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

     Balance at January 1, 2025                               (18,107)              –     8,370,096    1,597,720        (4,014)       5,728      9,969,530
     Currency translation differences                               –               –             –            –       (13,231)           –        (13,231)
     Shares repurchase (Note (b))                             (10,840)              –             –            –             –            –              –
     Placing of shares (Note 25)                                    –               –     2,419,613            –             –            –      2,419,613
     Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares              –               –          (805)           –             –            –           (805)
     Shares purchased and withheld for
        Share Scheme Trust (Note (c))                               –          (9,983)            –            –               –          –              –
     Vesting of awarded shares from
        Share Scheme Trust (Note (c))                               –          9,728              –       (9,728)              –          –         (9,728)
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based
        payments                                                    –               –             –      44,108                –          –        44,108
     Partial disposal of an associate                               –               –        (1,434)          –                –          –        (1,434)
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control          –               –         8,456           –                –          –         8,456



     Balance at December 31, 2025                             (28,947)           (255)   10,795,926    1,632,100       (17,245)       5,728     12,416,509


     Balance at January 1, 2024                                     –               –     8,370,096    1,590,125         (7,272)     16,689      9,969,638
     Currency translation differences                               –               –             –            –          3,258           –          3,258
     Shares repurchase (Note (b))                             (18,107)              –             –            –              –           –              –
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based
        payments                                                    –               –             –       3,797                –          –          3,797
     Share of reserves of investments accounted for
        using the equity method                                     –               –             –       3,798                –          –          3,798
     Share of other comprehensive loss of
        investments accounted for using the
        equity method                                               –               –             –            –               –    (10,961)       (10,961)


     Balance at December 31, 2024                             (18,107)              –     8,370,096    1,597,720         (4,014)      5,728      9,969,530




                                                                                                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.     Annual Report 2025         151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26    TREASURY STOCK AND RESERVES (continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      In May, June, and July 2024, the Company has repurchased 379,400 ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with an
               aggregate consideration of approximately RMB18,107,000.

               In April 2025, the Company has further repurchased 308,900 ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with an aggregate
               consideration of approximately RMB10,840,000.

               As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the repurchased shares have not been cancelled. Details are as below:

                                                            Number of
                                                          Repurchased
               Month                                           Shares                  Price paid per Share                  Total consideration
                                                                                    Highest          Lowest
                                                                                       HKD              HKD              HKD’000            RMB’000

               May 2024                                          186,100              54.30               51.20              9,807              8,932
               June 2024                                          73,700              53.55               52.30              3,901              3,560
               July 2024                                         119,600              53.95               48.30              6,127              5,615


                                                                 379,400                                                   19,835              18,107


               April 2025                                        308,900              40.20               35.95            11,711              10,840


               The Company accounts for the repurchased ordinary shares under the cost method and includes such treasury stock as a component of
               the shareholders’ equity.

      (b)      On April 8, 2025, the Company set up a Share Scheme Trust (the “Trust”), which was administrated by a third-party trustee. H shares
               of the Company will be purchased by the Trust from the open market from time to time in satisfaction of the share awards. The
               consideration, including any directly attributable incremental cost, is presented as “Shares held for share award schemes” and the amount
               is deducted from total equity. When the Trust transfers the Company’s shares to the awardees upon vesting, the related costs of the
               awarded shares vested are credited to “Shares held for share award schemes”, with a corresponding adjustment made to “Share-based
               payment reserve”. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the trustee of the Share Scheme Trust purchased and withheld 235,700
               ordinary shares (2024: nil) of the Company for an amount of approximately HK$10,973,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB9,983,000)
               (2024: nil), which had been deducted from equity.

               On June 2, September 1 and November 25, 2025, the Company granted a total of 235,607 RSUs (the “RSUs”) to the awardees in
               accordance with the H-Share RSU Scheme of the Company adopted on September 19, 2024. The RSUs were granted without service
               conditions and performance condition, and vested and matured immediately upon grant. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the
               Share Scheme Trust transferred235,607ordinary shares of the Company to the share awardees upon vesting of the RSUs.

               The total expenses recognised in profit or loss for the aforementioned share-based payments are RMB9,728,000 for the year ended
               December 31, 2025 (2024: nil).




152         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.      Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
     On September 19, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted the establishment of
     the 2024 share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”) with the purpose of attracting, motivating, retaining and
     rewarding certain employees. The share options granted to employees were subject to a service condition and a
     performance condition and will be vested in equal installments over 4 years from the grant date. An evaluation is
     made each year as to the likelihood of performance condition being met.

     On November 25, 2025, the Company granted an aggregate of 9,803,700 share options to eligible persons
     comprising employees of the Group include an employee representative director of the Company to subscribe for H
     Shares of the Company at HK$48.38 per H Share subject to the acceptance of the share options by the grantees.
     The exercise period shall be valid for 4 years from the date of vesting, with any unexercised portion automatically
     lapsing upon expiry of the 4-year term. The share options granted to the grantees were subject to fulfillment of the
     individual performance target as set out in the employee incentive vesting assessment measures of the Company
     and will be vested in equal installments over 4 years from the grant date. An evaluation is made each year as to the
     likelihood of performance condition being met. The share options shall be subjected to the clawback mechanism as
     set out in the terms of the Share Option Scheme, and in particular, the lapse of the share options upon termination
     of employment of the grantees.

     Among the above share options granted, 1,559,100 share options were granted to Chai Yifei, an employee
     representative director of the Company, and the remaining 8,244,600 share options were granted to employees of
     the Group. The number of H Shares available for grant in the future under the Share Option Scheme after the above
     grant of the share options is 8,345,821 shares.

     Movement in the number of share options granted is set out as below:



                                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                                         share options

     Outstanding as of January 1, 2024                                                                                –
     Granted during the year                                                                                  5,124,445


     Outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and January 1, 2025                                                  5,124,445
     Granted during the year                                                                                  9,803,700


     Outstanding as of December 31, 2025                                                                     14,928,145




                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025    153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)
      Fair value of share options
      Based on fair value of the underlying ordinary shares, the Group has used Binomial option-pricing model to
      determine the fair value of the share option as of the grant date. Key assumptions are set as below:

                                                                                    At date of grant       At date of grant
                                                                                     November 25,          September 19,
                                                                                               2025                   2024

      Fair value of ordinary shares (HKD)                                                      47.70                 36.60
      Exercise price (HKD)                                                                     48.38                 41.19
      Risk-free interest rate                                                                 3.51%                  3.2%
      Dividend yield                                                                             0%                    0%
      Expected volatility                                                                    43.43%                44.04%
      Expected terms                                                                            4.00                  3.88

      The risk-free rates have been derived based on the yield to maturity of HK Treasury Bonds with a term close to
      the expected maturity date as of the valuation date. The dividend yield is 0% because there has been no dividend
      paid out by the Company to date and the Company does not expect to pay any dividends in the near future. The
      expected volatility is estimated based on the annualised standard deviation of the daily return of the historical stock
      prices of the Company and those of the comparable companies with a time horizon close to the expected return.

      The weighted-average fair value of granted share options was RMB16.20 and RMB13.89 per share for the years
      ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

      The total expenses recognised in profit and loss for the aforementioned share-based payments are RMB34,380,000
      (2024: RMB3,797,000) for the year ended December 31, 2025.

28    TRADE PAYABLES
      Trade payables primarily include payables for inventories and outsourcing service fees.

      As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of trade payables were primarily denominated in RMB.

      Trade payables and their aging analysis based on invoice date are as follows:

                                                                                            As at December 31,
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

      Up to 3 months                                                                         640,124            1,463,293
      3 to 6 months                                                                          142,634              328,772
      Over 6 months                                                                          389,483              391,198


                                                                                           1,172,241            2,183,263




154      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                             As at December 31,
                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000

     Payroll payables                                                                             21,730                25,936
     Payable to third party hardware suppliers                                                     1,300                32,300
     Amount due to a non-controlling shareholder (Note 36)                                             –                 8,500
     Listing expenses payables                                                                     2,514                 7,079
     Other taxes payables                                                                         11,888                 4,488
     Expense reimbursement payable to employees                                                      869                 2,319
     Accrual expenses and others                                                                   7,582                14,167


                                                                                                  45,883                94,789

     The carrying amounts of other payables approximated their fair values as at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The
     other payables were primarily denominated in RMB.

30   DEFERRED TAXATION
     Deferred taxes are calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method using the tax rates at which
     are expected to be applied at the time of reversal of the temporary differences.

     The amounts of offsetting deferred tax assets and liabilities are RMB1,965,000 and RMB7,314,000 as at December
     31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. After offsetting, net deferred tax assets and net deferred tax liabilities are nil (2024:
     nil) and RMB6,337,000 (2024: RMB7,782,000) as at December 31, 2025, respectively. The analysis of deferred tax
     assets and liabilities before offsetting is as follows:

     The gross movement on the deferred tax assets is as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000

     At the beginning of the year                                                                  7,314                19,108
     Charged to profit or loss (Note 13)                                                          (1,887)                (4,328)
     Partial disposals of subsidiaries with loss of control                                       (3,462)                (7,466)


     At the end of the year                                                                        1,965                 7,314




                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025       155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30    DEFERRED TAXATION (continued)
      Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and tax losses to the extent that the
      realisation of the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable. As at December 31, 2025 and 2024,
      the Group did not recognise deferred tax assets in respect of deductible temporary differences and cumulative tax
      losses amounting to RMB2,072,273,000 and RMB2,342,825,000, respectively, that can be carried forward against
      future taxable income. The tax losses as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 amounting to RMB155,475,000 and
      RMB113,088,000, can be carried forward indefinitely, respectively, and the remaining amount of RMB1,916,798,000
      and RMB2,229,737,000 will expire within 5 or 10 years from the respective balance sheet dates.

      The gross movement on the deferred tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

      At the beginning of the year                                                             (15,096)          (20,590)
      Credited/(charged) to profit or loss (Note 13)                                             3,879             (1,247)
      Partial disposals of subsidiaries with loss of control                                     2,915              6,741


      At the end of the year                                                                    (8,302)          (15,096)

      The detailed movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

      Deferred tax assets:

                                                           Credit loss                             Lease
                                                           allowance       Tax losses           liabilities      Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000

      At January 1, 2025                                             –            3,462             3,852          7,314
      Charged to profit or loss                                      –                –            (1,887)        (1,887)
      Partial disposal of a subsidiary with
        loss of control                                              –           (3,462)                  –       (3,462)


      At December 31, 2025                                           –                –             1,965          1,965


      At January 1, 2024                                        6,144             6,192             6,772         19,108
      Charged to profit or loss                                     –            (1,408)           (2,920)         (4,328)
      Partial disposal of subsidiaries with
        loss of control                                         (6,144)          (1,322)                  –        (7,466)


      At December 31, 2024                                           –            3,462             3,852          7,314




156      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30   DEFERRED TAXATION (continued)
     Deferred tax liabilities:

                                                                        Intangible
                                                     Fair value             assets
                                                    changes of         acquired in
                                                      financial          business      Right-of-use
                                                         assets       combination            assets              Total
                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000

     At January 1, 2025                                   (7,782)            (3,462)             (3,852)            (15,096)
     Credited to profit or loss                            1,445                547               1,887               3,879
     Partial disposal of a subsidiary with
       loss of control                                           –            2,915                    –              2,915


     At December 31, 2025                                 (6,337)                  –             (1,965)             (8,302)


     At January 1, 2024                                   (1,482)           (12,336)             (6,772)            (20,590)
     (Charged)/credited to profit or loss                 (6,300)             2,133               2,920               (1,247)
     Partial disposal of subsidiaries with
       loss of control                                           –            6,741                    –              6,741


     At December 31, 2024                                 (7,782)            (3,462)             (3,852)            (15,096)

31   BORROWINGS
                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Included in current liabilities
     Unsecured and guaranteed borrowing (Note (a))                                                 –                  4,000
     Unsecured and unguaranteed borrowings (Notes (b) and (c))                                23,383                  1,883


                                                                                              23,383                  5,883


     Included in non-current liabilities
     Unsecured and unguaranteed borrowings (Note (c))                                    178,500                           –


                                                                                         178,500                           –




                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025        157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




31    BORROWINGS (continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      As at December 31, 2024, borrowing of RMB4,000,000 (2025: nil) was guaranteed by the director of a subsidiary of the Company with
               effective interest rate of 3.73% per annum.

      (b)      As at December 31, 2025, unsecured borrowings comprise of short-term unsecured borrowings of RMB1,883,000 (2024: RMB1,883,000)
               which bear fixed interest rate at 4.0% (2024: 4.0%) per annum, and a short-term unsecured borrowing of RMB20,000,000 (2024: n/a)
               which bear fixed interest rate of 2.4% (2024: n/a) per annum.

      (c)      As at December 31, 2025, the unsecured borrowings comprise of unsecured borrowings of RMB180,000,000 which bear fixed interest
               rates of 2.5% per annum and with maturity dates from June 2026 to December 2028. As at December 31, 2025, the borrowings
               amounting of RMB1,500,000 were classified as current liabilities.


      At the end of the reporting period, the Group’s borrowings are scheduled to repay as follows:

                                                                                                          As at December 31,
                                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000

      On demand or within one year                                                                          23,383                     5,883
      More than one year, but not exceeding two years                                                        1,500                         –
      More than two years, but not exceeding five years                                                    177,000                         –


                                                                                                           201,883                     5,883

32    OTHER LIABILITIES
                                                                                                          As at December 31,
                                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000

      Included in current liabilities
      Payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                18,840                  18,840
      Receipt in advance                                                                                      9,613                     950
      Deferred income (Note)                                                                                 17,743                   8,380


                                                                                                             46,196                  28,170


      Presented as:
      Non-current                                                                                            17,743                       –
      Current                                                                                                28,453                  28,170


                                                                                                             46,196                  28,170

      Note:    Deferred income represented government grants in connection with the Group’s contributions to technology development and
               investments in local business districts.




158         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025
                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




33   CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS
     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

     Commitments for expenditure or investments as contracted at the balance sheet date but not yet incurred are
     summarised as follows:

                                                                                           As at December 31,
                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

     Investments                                                                                4,000                4,000

     As of 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had no material commitments other than those disclosed above.

34   DIVIDENDS
     No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024.

35   PARTIAL DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH LOSS OF CONTROL
     (a)   Partial disposal of equity interest in Beijing Ideal Information Technology Co., Ltd.
           (“Beijing Ideal”) with loss of control
           On June 30, 2025, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with an independent third party,
           Shenzhen Zhongzhengguang Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd for the transfer of the Group’s 10% (out of the
           total of 56.84%) equity interest in Beijing Ideal, a subsidiary of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries,
           which were principally engaged in provision of digital operation and maintenance platform and solutions,
           with a cash consideration of RMB36,000,000. The transaction was completed on June 30, 2025 with an
           aggregate net gain of approximately RMB6,375,000. Upon completion of the partial disposal, Beijing Ideal
           ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and the Group continues to have significant influence on Beijing
           Ideal through the Group’s representative in the board of directors of Beijing Ideal. Accordingly, the Group’s
           remaining 46.84% equity interest in Beijing Ideal with a fair value of approximately RMB168,627,000 was
           transferred as an investment accounted for using the equity method.

           The consideration of the transaction will be paid by instalments prior to December 31, 2026. As of December
           31, 2025, consideration in cash of RMB20,000,000 had been received by the Group in accordance with the
           agreed payment schedule.




                                                                       Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




35    PARTIAL DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH LOSS OF CONTROL (continued)
      (a)      Partial disposal of equity interest in Beijing Ideal Information Technology Co., Ltd.
               (“Beijing Ideal”) with loss of control (continued)
               The assets and liabilities derecognised as a result of the partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control
               are as follows:

                                                                                                              As at June 30,
                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                   RMB’000

               Non-current assets
               Right-of-use assets                                                                                        191
               Property and equipment                                                                                     838
               Intangible assets                                                                                       19,440
               Contract assets                                                                                            451
               Deferred tax assets                                                                                        546

                                                                                                                       21,466

               Current assets
               Inventories                                                                                             19,376
               Trade receivables                                                                                       28,466
               Contract assets                                                                                            446
               Prepayments and other receivables                                                                        3,016
               Restricted cash                                                                                          1,839
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                1,622

                                                                                                                       54,765

               Total assets                                                                                            76,231

               Current liabilities
               Trade payables                                                                                           3,360
               Other payables and accruals                                                                              6,262
               Amount due to a non-controlling shareholder                                                             17,300
               Contract liabilities                                                                                     6,042

                                                                                                                       32,964

               Total liabilities                                                                                       32,964

               Net assets                                                                                              43,267




160         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




35   PARTIAL DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH LOSS OF CONTROL (continued)
     (a)   Partial disposal of equity interest in Beijing Ideal Information Technology Co., Ltd.
           (“Beijing Ideal”) with loss of control (continued)
           Details of partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control:

                                                                                                               Period from
                                                                                                            January 1, 2025
                                                                                                           to December 31,
                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

           Consideration received or receivable:
             Cash received                                                                                               20,000
             Consideration receivable                                                                                    16,000

           Total cash consideration                                                                                      36,000
           Fair value of the Group’s remaining equity interest                                                          168,627

           Total disposal consideration                                                                                 204,627

           Carrying amount of net assets disposed excluding goodwill                                                 (43,267)
           Release of reserves                                                                                        (8,456)
           Non-controlling interests                                                                                  19,110
           Goodwill disposed                                                                                        (165,639)

           Gain on partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control                                                 6,375

           Reconciliation of the cash flows from partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control:

                                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

           Cash received                                                                                                 20,000
           Cash disposed                                                                                                 (1,622)

           Cash flows from partial disposal of Beijing Ideal with loss of control,
             net of cash disposed at date of disposal                                                                    18,378




                                                                          Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025       161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




35    PARTIAL DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH LOSS OF CONTROL (continued)
      (b)      Partial disposal of equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei Technology with loss of control
               In the first quarter of 2024, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with an independent third
               party, Ningbo Herong Shengjing Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) for the transfer
               of the Group’s 22% (out of the total of 66%) equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei Technology, a subsidiary
               of the Company and its subsidiaries, which was principally engaged in provision of intelligent platform
               and solutions in energy and power industry, with a total cash consideration of RMB88,000,000. The
               transaction was completed on April 1, 2024 with an aggregate net gain of approximately RMB31,545,000.
               Upon completion of the partial disposal, Zhongneng Shibei Technology ceased to be a subsidiary of the
               Company and the Group continues to have significant influence on Zhongneng Shibei Technology through
               the Group’s representative on the board of directors of Zhongneng Shibei Technology. Accordingly, the
               Group’s remaining 44% equity interest in Zhongneng Shibei Technology with a fair value of approximately
               RMB167,200,000 was transferred as an investment accounted for using the equity method.

               The consideration of the transaction will be paid by instalments prior to December 31, 2026. As of December
               31, 2025, consideration of RMB20,000,000 (2024: RMB10,000,000) had been received by the Group.
               The current and non-current portion of remaining receivables arising from the equity transfer amounted to
               RMB65,997,000 (2024: RMB32,837,000) and nil (2024: RMB39,761,000).

      (c)      Partial disposal of equity interest in EpicHust Technology (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. (“EpicHust
               Technology”) with loss of control
               In the third quarter of 2024, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with several entities
               controlled by the management team for the transfer of 44.69% (out of the total of 79.66%) equity interest in
               EpicHust Technology, a subsidiary of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, which was principally
               engaged in provision of intelligent platform and solutions in manufacturing industry, with a total cash
               consideration of RMB72,000,000. The transaction was completed on August 31, 2024 with an aggregate
               net gain of approximately RMB35,606,000. Upon completion of the partial disposal, EpicHust Technology
               ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and the Group continues to have significant influence on
               EpicHust Technology through the Group’s representative in the board of directors of EpicHust Technology.
               Accordingly, the Group’s remaining 34.97% equity interest in EpicHust Technology with a fair value of
               approximately RMB56,342,000 was transferred as an investment accounted for using the equity method.

               The consideration of the transaction was scheduled to be paid by instalments prior to April 30, 2025. As of
               December 31, 2025, consideration of RMB72,000,000 (2024: RMB36,000,000) had been received by the
               Group in accordance with the agreed payment schedule.




162         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




36   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or
     exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operation decisions. Parties are also
     considered to be related if they are subject to common control. Members of key management and their close family
     members of the Group are also considered as related parties.

     The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the periods
     presented. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the
     normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

     (a)    Names and relationships with related parties
            The following companies are related parties of the Group that had significant transactions and/or balances
            with the Group during the reporting periods:

            Names of the major related parties                      Relationship


            Yijing Zhilian (Suzhou) Technology Co., Ltd.            Associate of the Group
               (“Yijing Zhilian”)
            Beijing Data Element Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.   Associate of the Group
               (“Data Element”)
            Zhongneng Shibei Technology                             Associate of the Group
            EpicHust Technology                                     Associate of the Group
            Beijing Ideal                                           Associate of the Group (a subsidiary of the Group prior
                                                                      to June 2025)
            Shenzhen Wake UP Technology Co., Ltd.                   Joint venture of the Group
               (“Wake Up”)
            Lianxu Qi                                               Non-controlling shareholder

     (b)    Significant transactions with related parties

                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000

            Sales of goods and services
            Wake Up                                                                              8,827                   –
            Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                                             33                 773
            EpicHust Technology                                                                     12                 141
            Beijing Ideal                                                                           45                   –


                                                                                                 8,917                 914




                                                                        Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




36    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (b)      Significant transactions with related parties (continued)
                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

               Purchases of goods and services
               Data Element                                                     2,497            1,137
               Wake Up                                                         19,392              303

                                                                               21,889            1,440

      (c)      Significant balances with related parties
                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

               Receivables from related parties
               Receivable from Zhongneng Shibei Technology:
               At the beginning of the year                                     35,326               –
               Partial Disposal of subsidiary with loss of control                   –          35,123
               Repayment                                                       (35,000)
               Interest charged                                                    118               203

               At the end of the year                                             444           35,326

               Receivable from EpicHust Technology:
               At the beginning of the year                                     10,000               –
               Partial Disposal of subsidiary with loss of control                   –          10,000
               Repayment                                                       (10,077)              –
               Interest charged                                                     77

               At the end of the year                                                –          10,000

               Receivable from Wake Up:
               At the beginning of the year                                         –                  –
               Additions                                                      257,000                  –
               Repayment                                                      (35,000)                 –
               Interest charged                                                 1,997                  –

               At the end of the year                                         223,997                  –

               Trade receivables from related parties
               Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                        731            1,107
               Beijing Ideal                                                       65                –
               Wake Up                                                          9,357                –

                                                                               10,153            1,107

164         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




36   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (c)   Significant balances with related parties (continued)
                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

           Advance from a non-controlling shareholder
           Lianxu Qi:
           At the beginning of the year                                                     8,500                        –
           Additions                                                                        8,800                    8,500
           Partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control                          (17,300)                       –

           At the end of the year                                                                  –                 8,500

           Trade payables to related parties
           Yijing Zhilian                                                                       789                   890
           Data Element                                                                         236                   523
           Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                                          139                   142

                                                                                               1,164                 1,555

           Receipt in advance from related parties
           Zhongneng Shibei Technology                                                          348                     –
           EpicHust Technology                                                                   80                    92
           Beijing Ideal                                                                         87                     –

                                                                                                515                    92

     (d)   Key management personnel compensation
           The remuneration of directors, and key management personnel is as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

           Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                        11,660                17,015
           Contributions to pension plans                                                        376                   619
           Other social security costs, housing benefits and other employee
             benefits                                                                            569                   898
           Share-based payment expenses                                                       17,926                 2,026

                                                                                              30,531                20,558

           The wages, salaries, bonuses, contributions to pension plans, other social security costs, housing benefits
           and other employee benefits of key management personnel as disclosed above include RMB3,379,582 (2024:
           RMB4,351,180) which were unpaid as at December 31, 2025 and included in other payables and accruals.
           The share-based payments provided to key management personnel during the year ended December 31,
           2025 are equity-settled, see Note 27 for details.

                                                                     Phancy Group Co., Ltd.    Annual Report 2025      165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37    CASH FLOW INFORMATION
      (a)      Cash used in operations

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

               Loss before tax                                                        (39,770)        (290,088)
               Adjustments for:
               – Depreciation and amortisation
                  – property and equipment                                             12,075           22,400
                  – right-of-use assets                                                 9,846           22,488
                  – intangible assets                                                   4,317           16,890
               – Provision for credit loss allowance, net                              17,398         199,961
               – Impairment provision for inventories                                   3,277             6,192
               – Share-based payment expenses                                          44,108             3,797
               – Interest income                                                      (77,320)         (51,866)
               – Interest expenses                                                        763             5,898
               – Net gains on disposal of right-of-use assets                               –            (1,071)
               – Net losses on disposal of property and equipment                         203                 –
               – Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through
                    profit or loss                                                    (34,273)         (39,815)
               – Share of results of investments accounted for using the equity
                    method                                                            (17,410)         (19,265)
               – Net gains on partial disposals of investments accounted
                    for using the equity method                                       (12,582)           (5,313)
               – Net gains on the partial disposal of subsidiaries with
                  loss of control                                                      (6,375)         (67,151)
               – Foreign exchange losses, net                                         (27,384)           (7,827)


               Operating cash flows before movements in working capital              (123,127)        (204,770)
               – Decrease/(increase) in contract assets                                   120           (16,894)
               – Increase in inventories                                             (179,547)          (35,708)
               – Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables                             703,140       (1,700,754)
               – Increase in prepayments and other receivables                       (226,648)        (104,306)
               – Decrease in restricted cash                                              207            51,970
               – (Decrease)/increase in trade payables                             (1,007,662)       1,356,926
               – Decrease in other payables and accruals                              (22,786)          (32,519)
               – Increase in contract liabilities                                     138,018            46,173
               – Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities                              16,690             (2,194)


               Cash used in operations                                               (701,595)        (642,076)




166         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37   CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)
     (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities from financing activities
           This section sets out an analysis and the movements of liabilities from financing activities for the years ended
           December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

                                                                               Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                 Lease
                                                                              liabilities     Borrowings             Total
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

           As at January 1, 2025                                                 22,479             5,883               28,362
           Cash flows                                                           (11,907)          195,928              184,021
           Accrued interest expenses                                                691                72                  763
           Addition of new leases                                                   292                 –                  292


           As at December 31, 2025                                               11,555           201,883              213,438


           As at January 1, 2024                                                 45,886            108,747              154,633
           Cash flows                                                           (25,564)             4,240               (21,324)
           Accrued interest expenses                                               1,622             1,446                 3,068
           Addition of new leases                                                29,393                  –                29,393
           Termination of leases                                                (25,638)                 –               (25,638)
           Partial disposals of subsidiaries with loss of control                 (3,220)         (108,550)            (111,770)


           As at December 31, 2024                                               22,479              5,883              28,362

     (c)   Major non-cash investing and financing activities
           During the year ended December 31, 2025, the major non-cash investing and financing activities mainly
           include (i) the addition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and (ii) transfer of an investment accounted
           for using the equity method upon partial disposal of a subsidiary with loss of control (Note 19).

           During the year ended December 31, 2024, the major non-cash investing and financing activities mainly
           include (i) the addition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and (ii) increase in the interest in associates
           due to dilution gains (Note 19).




                                                                         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025         167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
      COMPANY
      (a)      Statement of financial position of the Company

                                                                    As at December 31,
                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

               Assets
               Non-current assets
               Property and equipment                                      94              12
               Investment in subsidiaries                           2,898,639       2,234,661
               Investments accounted for using the equity method      315,066         331,834
               Financial assets at FVTPL                               47,659               –
               Amounts due from subsidiaries                        5,760,434       3,722,584


                                                                    9,021,892       6,289,091


               Current assets
               Trade receivables                                            –              1,239
               Prepayments and other receivables                        2,467              3,197
               Financial assets at FVTPL                              115,345                  –
               Term bank deposits                                     356,158            454,636
               Cash and cash equivalents                            1,115,172            578,732


                                                                    1,589,142       1,037,804


               Total assets                                        10,611,034       7,326,895




168         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
     COMPANY (continued)
     (a)   Statement of financial position of the Company (continued)

                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000

           Equity
           Equity attributable to owners of the Company
           Share capital                                                          519,679                465,859
           Treasury stock                                                         (28,947)                (18,107)
           Shares held for share award schemes                                       (255)                      –
           Reserves                                                            10,842,849              8,389,661
           Accumulated losses                                                  (1,546,730)            (1,522,039)


           Total equity                                                         9,786,596              7,315,374


           Liabilities
           Non-current liability
           Borrowings                                                             178,500                        –


           Current liabilities
           Trade payables                                                           2,453                    4,360
           Other payables and accruals                                            641,985                    7,161
           Borrowings                                                               1,500                        –


                                                                                  645,938                   11,521


           Total liabilities                                                      824,438                   11,521


           Total equity and liabilities                                        10,611,034              7,326,895

           The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on March 30, 2026 and was
           signed on its behalf by:




                               Dai Wenyuan                                    Yu Zhonghao
                                 Director                                        Director




                                                              Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025      169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
      COMPANY (continued)
      (b)      Movements in reserves and accumulated losses of the Company

                                                                                                                  Reserves
                                                                                                         Share-based
                                                                   Treasury    Treasury      Capital        payment             Other                  Accumulated
                                                                      stock       stock      reserve          reserve         reserve       Total           losses
                                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

               Balance at January 1, 2025                           (18,107)          –     8,380,154           3,797           5,710     8,389,661      (1,522,039)
               Loss for the year                                          –           –             –               –               –             –         (24,691)
               Shares repurchase                                    (10,840)          –             –               –               –             –               –
               Recognition of equity-settled share-based
                  payments                                                –           –             –         44,108                –        44,108               –
               Placing of shares                                          –           –     2,419,613              –                –     2,419,613               –
               Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares          –           –          (805)             –                –          (805)              –
               Shares purchased and withheld for Share Award
                  Scheme                                                  –      (9,983)            –               –               –             –               –
               Vesting of awarded shares from Share Scheme
                  Trust                                                   –       9,728             –          (9,728)              –        (9,728)              –


               Balance at December 31, 2025                         (28,947)       (255)   10,798,962         38,177            5,710    10,842,849      (1,546,730)


               Balance at January 1, 2024                                 –           –     8,380,154               –          16,671     8,396,825      (1,543,617)
               Profit for the year                                        –           –             –               –               –             –          21,578
               Shares repurchase                                    (18,107)          –             –               –               –             –               –
               Recognition of equity-settled share-based
                  payments                                                –           –             –           3,797               –         3,797               –
               Share of other comprehensive loss of investments
                  accounted for using the equity method                   –           –             –               –         (10,961)      (10,961)              –


               Balance at December 31, 2024                         (18,107)          –     8,380,154           3,797           5,710     8,389,661      (1,522,039)

39    EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      On January 20, 2026, the Company acquired addition 39.58% of equity interest in Wake Up from other shareholders
      of Wake Up at a total consideration of approximately RMB278,363,000 and the consideration was paid as at the
      date of this report. Upon completion of the acquisition on January 20, 2026, Wake Up will be owned as to 84.58%
      by the Company and become a direct non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.




170         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.              Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        DEFINITIONS




In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings. These
expressions and their definitions may not correspond to any industry standard definitions, and may not be directly
comparable to similarly titled terms adopted by other companies operating in the same industries as the Company.

“associate(s)”               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”            the audit committee of the Board

“Beijing New Wisdom”         Beijing New Wisdom Pilot Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京新智領航管理諮詢有限
                             公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on April 9, 2020, being the sole
                             general partner of our Employment Incentive Platform and owned as to 99.0% by Dr. Dai
                             and 1.0% by his spouse, respectively, and one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Board” or “Board of         the board of Directors
  Directors”

“China” or “PRC”             the People’s Republic of China, for the purpose of this report and for geographical reference
                             only, excluding Hong Kong and Macao Special Administrative Regions and Taiwan

“Company”,                   Phancy Group Co., Ltd. (範式智能技術集團股份有限公司), the H Shares of which are listed
  “the Company”,             on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6682)
  “our Company”
  or “Phancy”

“Director(s)” or             the director(s) of the Company
  “our Director(s)”

“Dr. Dai”                    Dr. Dai Wenyuan (戴文淵), the chairman of the Board, an executive Director, chief executive
                             officer and one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Employee Incentive          the employee incentive scheme of our Company approved and adopted by our Board
  Scheme”                    on April 25, 2021, a summary of the principal terms of which is set forth in “Statutory
                             and General Information – Further information about our Directors, Supervisors, Senior
                             Management and Substantial Shareholders – 5. Employee Incentive Scheme” in Appendix
                             VI to the Prospectus

“Global Offering”            the global offering of the H Shares in Hong Kong as described in the Prospectus

“Group,” “our Group,”        our Company and our subsidiaries (or our Company and any one or more of our
  “we” or “us”               subsidiaries, as the context may require)

“H Share(s)”                 overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of
                             RMB1.00 each, which is/are to be subscribed for and traded in HK dollars and to be listed
                             on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“HK$”                        Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong” or “HK”          the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC



                                                                      Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025    171
DEFINITIONS




“Hong Kong Stock                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong
  Exchange” or “Stock            Exchanges and Clearing Limited
  Exchange”

“HongShan”                       a reference to the HongShan funds and entities that are engaged in activities related to
                                 investing and are principally focused on companies located in, or with connections to, the
                                 PRC

“IFRS”                           the International Financial Reporting Standards, which include standards, amendments
                                 and interpretations promulgated by International Accounting Standards Board and
                                 the International Accounting Standards and interpretations issued by the International
                                 Accounting Standards Committee

“Listing”                        listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                   September 28, 2023, on which our H Shares are listed and from which dealings therein are
                                 permitted to take place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules” or “Hong         the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, as
  Kong Listing Rules”            amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Hong Kong Stock
                                 Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with Growth Enterprise
                                 Market of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Paradigm Chuqi”                 Tianjin Paradigm Chuqi Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津
                                 範式出奇管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                                 April 21, 2021, of which Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner, and it is one of our
                                 Controlling Shareholders which is interested in more than one third of limited partnership
                                 interest in Paradigm Investment

“Paradigm Investment”            Paradigm (Tianjin) Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (範式（天津）
                                 管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), previously known as Paradigm (Ningbo Free Trade Zone)
                                 Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (範式（寧波保稅區）投資合夥企業(有限合
                                 夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on March 29, 2018, of which Beijing New
                                 Wisdom is the sole general partner, and it is the Employee Incentive Platform and one of
                                 our Controlling Shareholders

“Paradigm Yinyuan”               Tianjin Paradigm Yinyuan Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津
                                 範式隱元管理諮詢合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                                 April 21, 2021 of which Beijing New Wisdom is the sole general partner, and one of our
                                 Controlling Shareholders

“Placing Agents”                 China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited and Huatai Financial
                                 Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited

“Placing Agreement”              the conditional placing agreement entered into between the Company and the Placing
                                 Agents dated April 22, 2026 in relation to the Placing under the General Mandate



172         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                         DEFINITIONS




“Placing Shares”                       27,920,000 new H Shares issued and allotted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
                                       Placing Agreement

“Prospectus”                           the prospectus dated September 18, 2023 issued by the Company in connection with
                                       Hong Kong public offering under the Global Offering

“Reporting Period”                     for the year ended December 31, 2025

“RMB” or “Renminbi”                    Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Securities and Futures                Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
  Ordinance” or “SFO”                  supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Share(s)”                             ordinary share(s) in the capital of our Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each

“Shareholder(s)”                       holder(s) of Share(s)

“subsidiary(ies)”                      has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“substantial                           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules
  shareholder(s)”

“Supervisor(s)”                        member(s) of the Supervisory Committee

“treasury shares”                      has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Unlisted Shares”                      ordinary share(s) issued by the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which is/
                                       are not listed on any stock exchange

“U.S.” or “United States”              the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
                                       jurisdiction

“U.S. dollar”, “US$” or                United States dollar, the lawful currency of the United States
  “USD”

“%”                                    Per cent.

For ease of reference, the names of Chinese laws and regulations, governmental authorities, institutions, natural persons or
other entities (including our subsidiary) have been included in this report in both the Chinese and English languages and in
the event of any inconsistency, the Chinese versions shall prevail.

*   For identification purposes only




                                                                                Phancy Group Co., Ltd.   Annual Report 2025     173
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS




“AI”                                    artificial intelligence, simulation of human intelligence by machines

“AIGS”                                  AI-Generated Software

“algorithm”                             a procedure of formula for solving a problem, based on conducting a sequence of specified
                                        actions

“cloud”                                 the computers and connections that support cloud computing

“enterprise AI”                         AI technologies and software applied by enterprises to address their business needs and
                                        drive their digital and automation transformation

“IDC”                                   International Data Corporation

“IT”                                    information technology

“machine learning”                      the scientific study of algorithms and statistical models that computer systems use to
                                        effectively perform specific tasks without being explicitly programmed to do so

“platform-centric”                      a type of AI solutions that come with an AI development platform in addition to AI
                                        applications and underlying computing infrastructure

“R&D”                                   research and development

*       Any difference in the figures in this annual report is due to rounding.




174         Phancy Group Co., Ltd.          Annual Report 2025
